 As a Rockport resident I got a laugh at how warped the picture was.The corny dialogue , the `` Crows Nest `` sitting on the pier.The saving grace of the movie was the storm.The characters were not believable and more than likey the end , when the ship sank would not have been so pretty .
 This movie was too long . I thought many scenes were not needed . I like long movies if they keep my attention but every scene after the other did n't seem much different . The waves were cool to look at but I 'll never understand the stupidity of the sailors in this movie . I do n't know the real story but they must 've been insane if they really tried to get back in the midst of 3 storms . I also ust do n't really understand fishermen at all . I live in Alaska and I hear of fishermen who die in the Bearing Sea all the time and I just ca n't understand why anyone would want to be a fisherman , especially up here where it 's so dangerous , when there are so many other jobs out there that offer a world of oportunity . That was the main reason why i did n't like this movie . It was also very predictable all throughout . Rent it first . Unless you 're a die hard fisherman yourself and you love these kind of movies .
 it 's a good story , not as i expected it would be ! it 's a cross bread between jaws and twister -LRB- without the shark -RRB- mark whalburg was horrid as always . clooney was alright . but overall not a great movie . rent it , but not worth a buy !
 I have to agree with some previous reviews that this movie was n't great . I first read the book , which was absolutely spectuacular , then decided to watch the movie . Wrong choice . This movie chose to simply skim the surface of the characters and situations . If you read the book , which surprisingly is n't all that long , it tells very in depth information about the fisherman 's lives and such . I do , however , have to point out to some of the previous reviewers that this is a true story and contrary to your disappointment , there is n't a `` story-line '' per say , but simply the telling of events leading up to the terrible tragedy.As for the visual effects , they were unextraordinary . I am studying to become a meteorologist , so I know what truly massive waves , violent storm clouds and hurricane force winds look and act like , and it really was n't what they had in the movie.To sum up , I simply feel that if the director of this movie had stuck with the book as closely as possible -LRB- which was written with almost 100 % accuracy -RRB- , then the movie would not have been nearly as disappointing .
 The best bit was when the big wave came along and put messrs Clooney , Wahlberg , et al out of their misery . It 's a pity they could n't have crashed the boat into the pier and sunk right at the beginning as that would have saved us from sitting through two hours of this rot masquerading as high drama . They should make a movie about the harsh lives of cubicle dwellers , how we have to brave rainstorms , etc. to go get our lunch from the deli & so on .
 This has to be the worst movie I have ever seen . It is very boring & the `` special effects '' are to laugh at . 2 hours of my life that I will never get back . I would have rather played with a cardboard box ! First off , singers can not act -LRB- mark walburg -RRB- . Secondly , George Clooney is a bad actor to begin with , so ... , Thirdly , The story plot stunk . Why would I want to sit & watch a movie about fishermen for 2 hours ? I shut it off after 40 minutes , I could have cared less how it turned out . Whoever game this movie more than 1 star , is crazy !
 To quote Kevin Kline in `` Fish Called Wanda '' , `` DISAPPOINTED ! '' . Hollywood took one of the most gripping novels of recent history and turned it into a loose collection of bad music videos . It was a joke , a hackneyed , no punch line told by your least favorite uncle , pull my finger kind of joke . The `` Making of ... '' video was far more interesting . Watch that instead . Oh yeah ... `` Beware the Flemish Cap '' . too . BWAHAHAHA The Perfect BLEECHH !
 I am sorry guys , I like to give every film the benefit of the doubt , but unfortunately , I ca n't with this one . I watched this ... and even though `` Three Kings '' gave me a new respect for Mark and George , I have to say , this is a stinker . A big ... bomb , that could have absolutely been better . If you crave water ... See Abyss !! -LRB- The 1 star is for the water -RRB-
 The 1st part of the movie is too slow . By the time the storm hit , I did n't care if the characters made it or not . The character development was almost non-existent , they could have used cardboard cutouts instead of real actors . The early part of the movie reminded me of Armageddon in the way that it tried to give a glimpse of the characters everyday home life . I feel that both movies failed miserably , with The Perfect Storm being the worse of the two.I would only rate this movie 1 star , except for the very nice 5.1 channel surround sound . If you want a movie to show off your home theatre system , this one will do a good job . However , if you want a good movie to go along with the surround sound try The Matrix , or T2 .
 How can this be based on a true story when it has no story ?
 What can I say ? P.U.Poor Wolfgang - he borrows material shamelessly from his own `` Das Boot '' , from the opening `` party '' -LRB- funny how these Glouchester types are even cruder than the U-Boat crews ! -RRB- to the stocking-up of stores on-board to the shot of the departing ship -LRB- although at that point , * I * was whistling `` a threeee hour tour '' ... -RRB- But where `` Das Boot '' was authentic right down to the claustrophobic set , `` Storm '' gets downright silly . I was astonished at the scene -LRB- obviously made-up to create empathy for our silly sailors -RRB- where one man gets dragged overboard and two other hard-drinkin ' , hard-SMOKING guys dive right in after him and swim about 100 yards UNDERWATER in a HURRICANE , FIND HIM , grab the poor sap , and then CATCH UP to the boat . Uh-huh , yeah , OK . THAT 'S what kind of movie ya got here , folks . -LRB- I also want to know the secret of how they managed to light those cigarettes in a hurricane , while we 're at it . -RRB- Let 's not even get into the total absence of life vests , use of transponders , or why the poor TV weather-guy is made to look like a villain . ALL of the characters were of the flimsiest cardboard -LRB- except George Clooney , poor guy , who simply can NOT be ANYbody other than George Clooney
 I simply ca n't believe that this movie is so popular . The first 45 minutes are a ham-handed attempt at getting us to care about the characters , but the dialogue is so generic and the characters so hackneyed that the attempt is laughable . We are not shown real people , we are * told * what to think . Then we are taken to sea , where we are introduced to some random other characters -LRB- in a sailboat , and a helicopter -RRB- who are also in trouble . But who cares ? I do n't care about the main characters , much less these completely random unknowns . The special effects are decent , but even in the storm the writing and acting are wretched . The sailors are stupid and incompetent , and even though they are continually on the edge of death , they have little cheering/bonding sessions every time they fish one another out of the drink . The ending of the movie is embarassingly maudlin , pumping -LRB- and pumping , and pumping -RRB- for tears after cheating us of any real human beings to care about.To top it off , the musical score is intrusive and , like the rest of the flick , ham-handed and manipulative . Strings swell every time somebody so much as twitches , until the audience is numb.I was insulted by this movie , and I 'm insulted that audiences no longer have the capacity to be outraged when they are pandered to and their intelligence is repeatedly insulted . Screw special effects -- give me one , just one character that resembles a real human being and not a paper-thin idea in some hack scriptwriter 's mind .
 The Perfect Storm was a terrific read - factual , intense , and mostly fluid . Where the book does right by the real people depicted , the movie goes overboard -LRB- sorry -RRB- with melodrama and invention . Characters are added out of whole cloth , plot lines are cut and pasted into each other , until the movie ends up with only the barest resemblance to the book . Now , I 'm not one to say that every movie based on a book has to be an exact replica - but this thing was a well-documented true story ! The acting is overwrought , the plot is jumbled , and the true stories that made up the meat of the book are sliced and diced into a typical , easy-to-digest bland Hollywood `` adventure '' movie . George Clooney deserves kudos for not trying -LRB- too hard -RRB- to lay on the -LSB- phony -RSB- Boston accent that the rest of the cast has poured on thick .
 Was a waiste of my 3 bucks at Blockbuster . Just a sad , sad movie . The movie starts off REAL REAL slow and you wait for the action to happen like you see in the commercials and then when the 3 seconds of actiion comes its the end of the movie . The Special effects is just some guy throwing buckets of water into the boat . After i saw this movie i was so ... at it . I advise NO ONE to watch this Movie has no point . There is no Plot i swear to god i can summerise the whole movie right now . People get on a boat to get fish then they die . There i just saved you 3 or 20 bucks . THANK ME
 This movie was a poor attempt to dramatize the life of some not so well-to-do fishermen . It is a tragedy in which the entire crew of the Andrea Gail drowns in a storm . Of course , one of the most crucial parts of a tragedy is to make the viewer identify with the tragic heroes of the story ; something that this movie fails at miserably . We are given a brief introduction to the characters at the beginning of the movie and then they are sent on their merry ways out to sea to catch some fish . We are shown some of their family lives and the inevitability of the situation , but this introduction is so short -LRB- had to make room for the 50 foot waves and the helicopter crashing into the ocean -RRB- that we are left with little interest in the survival of the main characters , so when they do die , nobody really cares . It has got to be the biggest anticlimax since January 1st of this year.Even if you are only interested in the special effects , action scenes , etc. , you will still be disappointed . The special effects are n't bad , although they do look unnatural at times , but they do n't stand out . They are used , as another reviewer has mentioned , only to set the atmosphere of the movie . They do not make the movie . Also , there are few action scenes in this movie . The closest thing you will find is people constantly being pulled back aboard the boat -LRB- did I mention this movie gets rather repetitous -RRB- and them falling into the water , as with the helicopter I previously mentioned.If you are looking for a good plot or a good action movie , do n't waste your time on this . I do n't even know who would find this movie interesting . You leave the movie wanting something that the film did n't provide . Not like a good film where you leave feeling fulfilled . This film is a lesson in bad storytelling and I advise anybody who wants to listen not to bother with it .
 Unbelievable character development , lousy special effects , poorly told story . So much hype . So much potential , so little development .
 Yes I admit it a couple of weeks ago I watched `` The Perfect Storm '' and I got that sinking feeling . Every rotten cliche and nonsensical scene you dread was in this movie . It was so bad it resembled a comedic knock off and I laughed all the way through . For a start the weather is erratic , it 's sunny one minute , stormy the next . The weatherman keeps appearing and saying it 's the storm of the century but someone forgot to tell the weather because it remained confused throughout three quarters of the movie . And as to be expected two of the swarthy seadogs who man the boat hate each others guts but of course one has to bury the hatchet in order to save the others life . Hatchets buried the crew start to catch rubber swordfish and in one bizarre sequence a shark decides it wants to come aboard for some chow -LRB- he probably read the menu `` Swordfish Tonight '' -RRB- The skipper -LRB- played by Mr. Lovepants himself - George Clooney -RRB- is everything you 'd expect from a crusty old seadog - a broody silent loner , capable of only a few sentences `` run that line '' -LRB- let 's fish -RRB- , `` watch out '' -LRB- anchor heading your way -RRB- , `` I smell fish '' -LRB- better have a shower -RRB- and of course `` hell I 've never seen this before '' -LRB- quick everyone dive overboard -RRB- . And of course , we suspect -LRB- although it is n't revealed -RRB- , he 's an emotionally scarred man , dragging his heart around like a rusty anchor , wounded by an unspeakable pain . What caused this pain ? Did she run off with Jim the acne laden young grocery store bagger or was it his once best friend Dirk the grave digger ? i.e. someone with better prospects . Perhaps his Orchids died one year , we 'll never know.But the funniest part ? when the skipper -LRB- I think it was in the middle of the storm who knows -RRB- decides to climb out on one of the fishing booms with a welding torch to cut off a rogue anchor that had been naughty and crashing around the wheelhouse . As he climbs out with the crew anxiously watching , the boat dips violently and poor old lovepants is ducked under for about 5 seconds , but suddenly the boat rights itself and there 's our hero holding the still lit welding torch triumphantly aloft ! hahahahahaha and when you think things could n't get any funnier he 's dunked again and again . Yet each time that welding torch remains alight . If things begin to go bad for ole George in the future you just know he 'd be a dead cert for lighting the Olympic Torch .
 Perfect Storm , Imperfect Movie -LRB- it 's so easy to rip on that title -RRB- . This is NOT a good movie . I do n't care how attractive you think George Clooney is , it is best if you did n't see him in this water-logged disaster of a disaster movie . See `` Out of Sight '' instead . For starters , the dialogue between him and the other swordfish boat captain , Mary Elizabeth MASTRANTONIO -LRB- who was much better as Gina in `` Scarface '' -RRB- , is completely laughable , as are the rest of the speeches and banter in the movie.I have never met a fisherman before , but I 'm pretty sure they do n't give the kind of speeches that only appear in football movies , the kind where the battered underdogs decide , in the locker room , to come back and whip the well-equipped , black-uniformed team from the big city.Basically , the movie is one long tease
 There could not have been more strategically placed tear jerkers in a FICTIONAL movie . So much of this fabricated story is offensive to the deaths of these men . How do we know if any of the male bonding occured , or the shark ? Maybe the crew killed the `` Skippa '' because he brought them all the way out there . And as for the special effects , come on , seriously ... big waves at night ???
 Thr instant I saw the words `` based on a true story '' I knew I was deep in the cagal -LRB- to borrow a word from Harry Harrison -RRB- . Those frightening words are normally to portent of the most fantastic flights of fantasy the world has ever known.Notice to Producer
 Frightening -- that I spent good money to see this . Really bad ! Dialog consisted entirely of stupid macho posturing ; no story line at all . Comic `` dramatic '' situations . Confusing or entirely missing character motivation -- why on earth did any of these people do any of the things they did ? The ending , however , was quite rewarding ; too bad the writers were n't on board .
 I did n't see this film until it was released on DVD . Thinking I would be in for a treat , I sat down for an evenings film fun . Unfortunately , this movie happens to be one of the worst I have seen this year . The reasons I hate this film :1 . The story -LRB- what story -RRB- does n't seem to be there . Looks like an add on , so that the film makers can show off some SFX .2 . The SFX are not as good as they should be . Now you have a film with no story and limited SFX .3 . The worst part of the whole film has to be that the stuff the men aboard survive is just so unbelievable , its like watching a comic book translation of what should have been a good film .
 How do you make a gripping movie about a terrible storm ? On the basis of this one , do n't bother . There really is a limit to the length of time an audience will be interested in seeing gallons of water swooshing around in a boat . The scriptwriters have desperately thrown in lots of second-rate plot lines to sustain our interest -- the two fishermen who hate each other because one slept with the other 's now divorced wife , the couple who are determined to commit to each other for the long term etc etc -- but it 's nothing like enough . In fact , even the writers realised that the central plot was too weak , and so had to chuck in a completely separate yarn about a Bermuda-bound yacht that also gets into trouble.This film is a disaster movie . Hiring a couple of big-name actors to draw in the audience is frankly a swindle.If , like me , you do n't get out to the cinema much and have to wait for the DVD , just do n't bother with this one . I regret that I did n't look at any of the special features . Once I had seen the film through , I felt that life was too short to spend any more time on it .
 Since the television previews showed the best parts of The Perfect Storm , You wo n't have to waste your money buying it like I did . I suggest you rent it instead .
 I ca n't stress enough how BAD this movie was . Worst movie ever . The waves were laughable . The movie was too long . The script was awful , which meant the acting was terrible . I felt sorry for the people around me that were crying and that were afraid of the waves . Horrible . It 's sad really , that this flim was critticaly acclaimed ...
 I was kinda excited to see this film heard it had great special effect 's and a good movie . What a Joke this has to be the single worst movie i think i have ever seen . The plot was terrible the special effects were just as bad i am glad i rented it and did not buy it . Do yourself a favor and bypass this one ...
 Although the movie at times aspired for all three , the above mentioned works exceeded the grasp of The Perfect Storm . Ultimately the movie made me think of a scene from `` Educating Rita '' where the teacher discusses the difference between tragic and Tragedy . In the discussion the teacher asks that if a man falls off the roof of his house , is it a Tragedy ? The answer , ultimately , was no . It was merely tragic , because there was n't enough involvement of the man in his own demise . There was no fatal flaw in the man who fell , just a bad judgement call , or perhaps he was simply in the wrong place at the wrong time . This was central to what was wrong with The Perfect Storm . Had it been done as a documentary with a few dramatised moments , it may have been more effective.As is often the case in movies today , the special effects are the stars . Sadly enough , in this case , the star does n't turn up until near the end of the movie.It is a credit to Wolfgang Peterson 's skill that the movie managed to be as engaging as it was . But in the end what we are left with is a disaster movie which was standard for the worst of the genre from the ' 70 's -- A 10 minute plot bolstered by about 90 minutes of superfluous character development .
 After all the hype-the action scenes in the film advertisements etc. , I expected an exciting adventure . What I got instead was about an hour and a half of predictable dialogue -LRB- most of which I could barely understand because of the poor quality of sound in the movie -RRB- . In the last thirty minutes I kept waiting for something to happen that would prove this to be a `` thriller '' , `` nailbiter '' , or an `` edge of your seat '' adventure . Soon I found myself yawning and looking at my watch wondering when the thing would be over.I ca n't say the acting was poor , it was fair . Certainly the special effects were good , but it just never seemed to grab me in one way or another and certainly did n't live up to the huge hype it had been given . All in all there are better ways to fill two hours of your time .
 It just goes to show that despite a good cast , including the resurgent Clooney , useful Wahlberg , and excellent John C. Reilly , a duff script will still give you a bad film . Revoltingly sentimental , cliched , trite guff . Every film convention has been wheeled out . A great dissapointment after Peterson 's previous work.The only impression I got was that the fishermen deserved exactly what they got . Read the considerably more interesting book if you remain interested . and the special effects ? Although I 'm sure money was thrown at them from a great height , the huge waves still look fake . Do n't waste your time . ...
 It started out slow and it was hard to follow . And at first when the boat starts to sink it is kinda exciting but it take 2 hours for the boat to sink and it just keeps repeating . If you want to to have more fun just go look out the window !
 When this film was being produced it was done with the flair and enthusiasm of that of a big Hollywood movie , which it is . But what is so disturbing is that this tragic story is based on a real event , and one fairly recent.Like `` Titanic '' the audience knows of this film 's ending . But `` Titanic '' had 80 years for the world to heal a bit . The tragedy of `` Perfect Storm '' occured in 1991 . I feel sorry for the families of the fishermen in the film , they have to relive this in their minds everyday and now it 's on screen for everyone to laugh and cheer at.The subject matter of `` Perfect Storm '' is hardly appropriate for a big budget actioner . This film owes more to `` Twister '' than `` Titanic '' in that it is presented as a roller coaster ride type of film.Dealing with the film itself , it 's full of story and acting problems . One major problem is the two separate storylines that have no relation to eachother . Two ships lost in the storm , one makes it one does n't . But the biggest problem with this film has got to be Diane Lane 's terrible accent . Man , the producers of the film must really be pushing for an Oscar nomination for her because you could n't get her off the screen ! Why are we so concerned about her when it 's Clooney and his crew who are in jeopardy ? Because the producers are going for that `` Apollo 13 '' wife at home Oscar nod.The acting in the film is fair , Clooney and Marky Mark to a pretty good job in getting the audience to fear for them . The effects are first rate , sound , music ... all of the technical stuff is good . But the overall effort is disgraceful . I hope that Warner Bros. seriously issues out some major royalties to the families of those dead fisherman for making a shameless entertainment based on their tragedy . And it was n't even entertaining either .
 Not that it was a bad movie , or lacked drama and good characterization , but there were enough technical inaccuracies to cause this mariner trouble.First of all , let 's ask some questions : Why were the outriggers out and the paravanes down when the seas were in the 80 ' to 150 ' foot range -LRB- as depicted ; more if you consider the last wave -RRB- ? Why did the crew wait so long to batten down the wheelhouse windows ? They knew the storm was coming . They knew how bad it would be . Why did n't they make proper preparations to meet it?Why was n't the crew in the wheelhouse ? I 've been in some bad blows , and when it gets really bad , everybody usually hangs out in the wheelhouse with their survival suits within arm 's reach . When it 's that bad , and the boat has to turn around in monster seas , riding out the turn in the fo ` c 's ` le or galley is the last thing anybody wants to do.Why would anyone think they could remount a SSB antenna in a 50 knot wind when the smallest whip antenna is about 23 ' ? If the antenna does n't rip your arm off , how are you going to splice the coax ? And why not just lay out an emergency long wire antenna on deck?Speaking of which
 Honestly , I had no interest in seeing this movie . I was tricked into seeing it over the 4th of July holiday ; I think alcohol was involved ... or money , something . Anyway , `` The Giant Wave Movie '' just seemed like it would never end while I was watching it . It moved at the pace of water draining from the bathtub . Really , besides the special effects , there is n't much to this movie . Poor character development , poor pacing of the story , and no surprise at the end due to two things
 This movie was not what I thought it would be at all . First of all , the fate of the seamen aboard the boat is shown in the first few minutes of the movie . Looking at a list of people who have died at sea is a pretty big hint of what your in for . So now you already know the ending . Quite frankly , I would have rather watched Titanic . At least that film had substance ... a story line , interesting characters that you grow to know and care about ... AND they knew how to use life preservers!The Perfect Storm was about a selfish guy who had no life but to fish . He practically forced his team of seamen to be `` men '' and leave their loved ones only to meet their doom . Not my idea of a blockbuster film by any means . On top of the story , you do n't really get to know the characters well enough to really care what happens to them . Also during the second half of the movie , there is a rescue of some people on board a small sailboat . Who are they ?? And why does their rescue take up a half hour of the movie ? ... A half hour that could have been used to help develop the main characters ! The computer effects were like the movie ... overboard in a big way . Some were impressive , but too much can be , well , too much . You get to the point where scenes do n't look realistic at all . And then there is the acting ... oh boy . Lane and Clooney went overboard before the storm ever hit.I 'm curious to know what made this particular story -LRB- true as it may be -RRB- so intriguing that it needed to be made into a movie . I do feel for anyone who has lost a loved one at sea , and I think their rememberance is important , but I think this goes to show that some stories/memories are better left to be told on paper .
 That is too bad , because it deserves none . Two hours of bad writing and questionable acting lead us only to the stupid giant wave we saw in the preview . This film seems to be big with the trailer park crowd , so perhaps I missed something .
 Honestly , a person would have to be braindead to sit through this film . It 's an example of Hollywood throwing a ton of money and a project before anyone has an idea of how to give it a soul . The musical score is beyond irritating , it goes on and on and interfers with nearly every scene . There 's no chemistry among the characters , their dialogs are phoney and relationships superficial . People in the real world do n't talk or behave the way these people do , so watching it is a laughable bore . Even the much hyped special effects are n't convincing . Save your time . The plot is simply
 CGI has it 's limitations when it comes to something non organic like the sea . European director makes masterpiece . Hollywood beckons . He arrives . Makes cack film about astronaut on pile of expensive rocks . Then highjack of airforce one by Gary Oldman on an acting break . Then this film with man getting foot stuck in shark 's gob . This then , is reality.At the end of this film a man finds himself alone in a vast void of a Godless universe . As all hope fades he realises he will never again make love to a beautiful women . But enough about my life , you should see what happens to Mark Wahlberg .
 DO NOT WATCH !!!! Disgusting.It is a waste of money .
 the book , and the associated `` hungry ocean '' by the sistership 's captain , are both excellent . the movie exists to portray computer simulated waves , and this was successful . as a story , however , it 's truly a disaster - the gutted and beheaded swordfish carcasses were more likeable than any of the redneck bar maggots that we were supposed to empathise with . too bad they did n't show a few swordfish munching up the drowning fishermen - that would have tied things together nicely .
 First , let me tell you that in my film study class at the school where I teach , this and Final Destination are the two most cited films of what not to do . Why ? My biggest complaint about The Perfect Storm is that there is no main character . Initially , the audience is led to believe that it is Mark Wahlberg -LRB- Bobby -RRB- , but then you become unsure when George Clooney -LRB- Capt. Tyne -RRB- comes on the scene . But that is n't even the worst of it . Generally , when a movie picks a main character , the main character is who tells the story and any scenes that do n't have the main character in them must in some way relate to the main character . The Perfect Storm never does this . We follow the weather man predicting `` The Perfect Storm '' -LRB- He even says that and I ca n't stand the line when he does . -RRB- We follow the crew of a rescue helicopter . We follow the passengers on a touring sail boat that are caught in the storm . The only lee way that can be given on this is when the people that are actually attached to the sailors on the Andrea Gail are shown worrying about it . In the end , my final vote on the main character is the Andrea Gail-Yes , that 's right . I voted for the boat , because it is the only consistent thing that we come back to.Second big criticism is how hard they push the relationships , especially the ones that never existed . The first 45 minutes of the movie are dedicated to making us think that all of these sailors have the most incredible , most sincere , most loving relationships of any sailors in the world . I 'm assuming that this is so we will feel really bad when they all die . Well , I thought it was sad that it was a true story and that they all died , but the only relationship that I really thought meant anything was between the boy and his father-the father , Murph -LRB- John C. Reilly -RRB- , really seemed devoted to and cared about his son . The last thing he thought about was how this was going to upset his son . All of the other relationships were so forced , I thought they were funny-I hope that does n't sound morbid.Last criticism-This movie should end when the last contact with the Andrea Gail by the other ship captain , Linda Greenlaw -LRB- Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio -RRB- , because that is the last we actually hear from the ship . Everything that takes place after that is only to add suspense to a movie that we already know ends in disaster . For all we know , the crew of the Andrea Gail could have decided to turn around and sail for England , sold its catch and are now living like Kings in the Canary Islands . What happened , happened , what did n't , well , let 's leave that be.I must admit that the special effects were remarkably well done and came across as being seamless-though I am by no means an expert on special effects . Other than that , this story lacked from head to toe .
 Worst movie I 've seen in a very long time . I mean this was `` Ghost '' bad.The only joy I got out of this thing was the the badly forced New England accents.And Diane Lane seemed more like Marky Mark 's mom than wife .
 Whatever I had to say about this movie was probably rated `` R '' by the people at Amazon . Pls . if you are at all even just a tad critical with regards to acting / story and special effects do n't go see this movie . The movie can only be compared with ... -LRB- the likes of -RRB- ... independence day & godzilla since they are made by the same individual -LRB- Wolfgang Peterson -RRB- .
 THE MOVIE WAS GOING GOOD UNTIL THE END THE ENDING IS JUST HORRIBLE.DON ' T BUY THIS MOVIE IT 'S NOT WORTH THE MONEY AT ALL.I CA N'T SEE HOW THIS MOVIE IS A BESTSELLER .
 I saw this moview -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- in the theatre ... what a waste of good money ... and then I had to endure it the other night at a friend 's place . I 'm thinking about revoking that friendship !! Give me a break . These moronic characters are essentially pure fiction . Tell me , how did the author , director , producer , etc know what occured once they were beyond communication range ?? Why did they keep pushing forward knowing that the weather was horrible ?? Who says they are heroes -LRB- as the commercials are doing at the moment -RRB- when they caused the -LRB- supposed -RRB- deaths of 2 SAR Techs ?? Just dumb.Ususally I check my brain at the door and enjoy the movie , but this was impossible with this movie.The only good thing about the movie was the cast . Ca n't beat Mark Wahlberg -LRB- Boogie Nights -RRB- or John C. Reilly -LRB- Magnolia -RRB- . Clooney was okay .
 I am usally one to be a big fan of true stories , Is n't She Great , Man on the Moon , Titanic , and Erin Brockovich , are some of the main bravados of the true movie industry . Then comes The Perfect Storm , which shatters everything good about true stories . The only thing that can be completely 100 % percent true , about this movie is the storm and the people on the boat . If you watch through all the movie then you will understand what I am talking about . That is IF you can watch all of the movie . The perfect storm is all about special effects , and boy is there a lot . I just have one question . How long can you watch waves dip and toss a boat ? The answer , not very . The Perfect Storm I feel insults those who might have had to deal with this storm in real life . It is a trudgy mess of a movie that is an utterly depressing film to watch and even more depressing to sit through . It is n't slow , for a 2 hour and 9 minute movie it gets right down to business , obviously whoever came up with the idea of the film was thinking `` Okay lets make a kick A % ^ special effects movie , so we do n't have to screw around with people talking . '' There is very little dialogue , and when there is someone talking , you ca n't here it . Despite , its special effects extravaganza , The Perfect Storm is an absolutely useless movie , boring , and dumb . I just got completely fed up wit the storm and got tired of watching them fight the storm , which believe got old pretty dang quick . I have one thing to say about the perfect storm , it is a defiant insult , but I feel it does n't matter because I gave it plenty of insults already . I want my 2 hours and 9 minutes back .
 Anyone who read and loved Sebastian Junger 's book will be disappointed by this film version . The movie has some decent moments , but overall it drags along . George Clooney proved he could carry a film as the movie was a huge success at the box office , but it is not one of his finest acting jobs . He goes through the film in a sullen sort of mood and he appears to be just collecting a paycheck . Mark Wahlberg and Diane Lane are unconvincing as a couple . Ms. Lane seems far too old to be with Mr. Wahlberg and they do n't generate any sparks . The film is based on the deadly noreaster that ran up the Atlantic Coastline in late ' 91 . Mr. Clooney is Billy Tyne , the captain of a sword fishing boat , the Andrea Gail . The last few trips out have been busts for the ship and Tyne wants to go out for one last score for the season . Mr. Wahlberg and John C. Reilly are two members of his crew . They head out and at first , they come up empty again . Tyne decides to head out further to the Flemish Cap . The crew is undecided at first , but agree to the idea . They hit it big at the Cap , but due to a faulty ice machine , they must head back . They head right into the center of the storm . The depiction of the storm is what saves the movie . The rolling ocean waves , torrential rain and winds are lifelike and frightening . The giant 100-foot wave that the Andrea Gail hits is truly an incredible effect . There are a few sidebar stories involving a sailboat and military rescue team . Outside of the effects , the plot is thin and alot of situations are not explained . The characters are stock personalities and you never really care about them . The movie is all about the wave and in that instance , it delivers . Everything else about it does n't add up to much .
 There is n't much you can say about a movie about a storm . The only thing that I could really say it that there certainly were a lot of waves in this movie . I really like George Clooney and Mark Wahlberg . I think that the both of them are gifted and have done great work up until this film . I also love Wolfgang Petersen . You ca n't get much better than Das Boot and In the Line of Fire . But he fails to complete the total story . Leaving out various background stories and he really did n't develop some of the characters the way they should have . My main complaints with this movie was the jumpiness of the story . Petersen tried to tell three different stories in one movie . The people on the Andrian Gale , another set of people in a different boat heading to Bermuda , and the story of a crew of a rescue helicopter . To my taste , none of these stories were finished . The other thing I did n't much like about the movie was the lack of dialouge . What there was seemed to be forced and not even worth mentioning . The only good thing about this DVD was the fact that the sound really pushes your speakers . It was fun to hear the giant waves crash in the comfort of your own home . Maybe I should just listen to this movie while I sleep .
 I 'm not going to try and pretend I 'm some sort of movie critic . I 'm not Roger Ebert , or Leonard Maltin , or anyone else for that matter . So , I 'm just going to tell you why , to put bluntly , I hated this movie ! The very beginging of this movie had me going along with it . I was interesting in all the characters headed by Capt. Billy Tyne -LRB- George Clooney -RRB- . But not only his characters caught my attention , also Christina Cotter -LRB- Diane Lane -RRB- , Linda Greenlaw -LRB- Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio -RRB- , and Bobby Shatford . But , as soon as the storm started , believe it or not , but the movie got boring ! Once the storm starts we 're subjected to see the same scenes over and over again . First we see a ferocious splash of water makes its way on the boat . Then , the camera pans back , and we see the boat shift back and forth , and after we see the boat , guess what we see next ? We see the water splash back on the boat , then we see the boat shift back and forth . We see the same things happen for about an hour ! That 's one hour of film wasted . This could of been a good movie . I could of actually liked this movie , but there was such a lack of story . Maybe if they would of showed the men on the boat caught in fear . And , yes , I know there were a FEW scenes where this was shown . Like in the last scene . But , mostly what we see is that boat swaying back and forth , how exciting ! It had a good start and went down hill from there . ** 1 \ 2 out of *****
 I 'll sum it up fast and easy - not a good movie ! As a matter of fact , I 'm a little tired of hearing how great this movie was . I felt the performances were forced , and at times downright cornball as they come -LRB- for example , witness the scene between John C. Reily and his son in his truck -RRB- . Horrible , horrible , horrible . What 's good about this movie ? Stunning visual effects . That 's about the only reason to watch this film .
 Stupid but handsome wooden stars . Factually absurd for a movie that purports to be based on reality . Special effects were no big deal for all the hype , look downright phony most of the time . TV Movie dialog and writing . Strictly for the low-IQ set .
 I have to say that I was disappointed after watching this film . This film has good animation and computer effects but it lacks so much the emotions . You do not get emotionally attached to any of the characters at all . And although the waves and scenes were very convincing but it did not thrill me because I was not sympathizing with the actors.I wish James Cameron directed this film , maybe it would have been much better!The DVD extras are satisfying and the Deluxe Collector Set are nice but I wish it was for a better film !
 Stay away this movie is a joke and shows Hollywoods lack of creativity and good actors !
 ... to give a Clooney movie this low a rating -LRB- especially when it co-stars Mark Wahlberg ! -RRB- but I had to do it . The acting is fine -LRB- Diane Lane is wonderful as Wahlberg 's girlfriend , Clooney as a beaten man toward the end is exceptional , and Wahlberg really fits the role -RRB- but the directing is an absolute shocker . Where author Junger managed to bring the Gloucester shipping community alive , Peterson bashes it over the head with over-dramatized -LRB- and contrary to the book -RRB- scenes.Clooney 's `` Why I love the sea '' monologue might have been touching , if it were n't utterly spoiled by cheesy background music . I was ready to kill over the final scene of the boat lost in the huge seas . Again spoiled by music -LRB- a ridiculously cheery piece that gave the impression the cavalry would arrive at any minute -RRB- , it went too far with the speculation . Apparently Peterson has never heard of subtlety -- or dignity . I finished the book crying ; I left the cinema angry.The DVD is worth a look for the behind the scenes footage , but if you really want to know what went on -- and actually care about it -- read the book .
 I saw the advertisements , could not wait to see the film . Only to be very disappointed with this story portion . When the movie was over it was as if to much of the story details , that make you a part of the movie , were missing for you to feel satisfied .
 Luckily , given the outstanding quality of today 's technology available for viewing films , almost ANY movie is watchable . `` The Perfect Storm '' was no exception.However , as easy as George Clooney is on the eyes , Mark Wahlberg , -LRB- forever emblazoned in my memory as that pathetic moron in `` Boogie Nights '' -RRB- is equally as irritating . The plot was initially promising , but once that vessel took to the high seas and encountered the `` Storm '' it became repetitive and monotonous.In addition , the ending held no realism for me at all . As a matter of fact , it was one of times you fully expect the movie to shift to an entirely different scene in order to achieve some sort of closure . Instead you are left with that `` Is that the END ? '' feeling.Graphics were great of course , and very realistic . And as fond as I am of action films , the `` Storm '' just had too darn much of it - to the point of being irritating .
 after reading a bit about this story and seeing wahlberg and clooney work well together in three kings -LRB- a far superior movie -RRB- i was extremely excited about this . but this was terribly boring , with anticlimatic action sequences , contrived dialogue , and awful acting . whoever wrote the big screen adaption of the book could make good money writing for days of a our lives .
 Decent visual effects , but the plot is exactly what you feared it would be .
 second movie i have called boring from this summer , after MI 2 . while i know that the subplot with the second boat was in the book and it actually happened , but the time could have been better spent in developing the characters of the andrea gail better . the Wave was excellent , which is why i give it two stars , as was the attempt at the accents . but we needed to feel more for the characters on the boat .
 Hands down , this is the worst movie I 've seen lately !! It 's difficult to imagine a more contrived sequence of events leading absolutely nowhere . I regret the purchase and , if you must see it , I strongly suggest renting . Better yet , save your money !!
 god , this movie was awful ! i hoped at least for an interesting special effects movie , but it was so hopelessly cut and spliced that the effects were n't even effective . as for the so-called story , there was n't any , except a half hour of cliched set-up . this movie is a How Not To - a story that could have been a seagoing `` apollo 13 '' was instead less interesting than a long does of the weather channel .
 Why would ANYONE want to watch a move when they already know the ending ? And if they do n't know the ending already , it 's revealed - as the first thing that you see in the movie . I 'll save you the time and tell you the ending - they all die.Why it 's boring
 This movie did not work ... the story of `` please do n't go out to sea '' drowned out all of the action and suspense in the movie . It was too bad that the movie had to go in that `` pretending to be emotional '' direction . All it did was turn the movie into a mess . Had they left out all of the forced drama between girlfriends and boyfriends , the pacing of the movie would have actually worked and the movie would not have been half bad . Wolfgang Peterson has done such better works than this . It is clear that the forced emotion was done to meet the expectations of summer blockbuster movie fans , I would love to see a `` deleted nonsense '' version of this on dvd , but it will never happen , so I give it 1 star for special effects , which were at least impressive .
 Ah , Wolfgang ... you made such an impression on me when I was just 10 years old , `` reading '' my first foreign film , Das Boot . That movie sticks to you , scares the hooey outta ya , makes you think ... but this ... this `` Storm '' this thing ... this hideousness . . total lack of subtlety . . makes a guy wan na barf.I did n't read the book , but of course I knew what was going to happen and being from Boston and all there was a certain allure to this film , the local angle and what-not , but what a gigantic let-down ! Here 's my experience of the movie in an nutshell . . you can send me your heartfelt thanks for saving you the ... rental charge :1 . Some fishing guy gets his pride all hurt and has to go out to prove himself a tough fishing guy in front of his crew and a competing lady fishing guy .2 . You do n't know anyone 's name on the boat , even a good hour into the film . You 're saying to yourself , `` Is that guy Murph or Eddie ? Is there even an Eddie in this film ? Does anyone want me to go get popcorn ? `` 4 . In line getting popcorn you find other movie patrons each with a fixed stare , a sense of impending doom . It 's `` Rime of the Ancient Snack Bar '' as the undead who have been watching this film seek respite from it by standing in line as long as possible . I give everyone behind me `` cuts '' and stare at the Dove Bar poster behind the counter . Twenty minutes pass .5 . I return with popcorn and ask my date , `` What happened ? '' She says , `` The storm is coming . '' I ask , `` The fat guy . Is his name Dougie ? '' No reply .6 . The big wave from the movie poster comes and kills everyone . I think I hear some muted cheering behind me . I sigh in relief . The fat guy says , `` This is going to be hard on my boy . '' Is that what you 'd say if you were in frigid salt-water with a boat on top of you ? I think a stream of expletives or frantic praying to the deity of your choice is more apropos . I mean , really ... What did he expect Micky -LRB- or Dougie or whatever -RRB- to say ? `` Yeah , I 'll let your son know you said that after I swim back to shore . See ya . '' I am dying for another box of popcorn , another peek at the Dove Bar poster7 . Wolfgang Petersen , in a move I believe inspired by custom airbrush paintings on the sides of many 1970 's cargo vans , superimposes the angelic softly-focused visage of Wahlberg 's girlfriend 's face on a far and wide shot of Wahlberg floating quietly in the north Atlantic , so much cinematic flotsam . The voice-over reads some corny letter he wrote to the girlfriend . The End.I hate this movie almost as much as I do `` Twister ''
 Let 's take a natural disaster movie and mix it with a boring story line and see what we get ... Nothing ! Just the same predictability in every natural disaster movie mixed with a story which may or may not be true . I hope what really happened was more exciting than this . The movie just drags on and on . I am an AVID movie buff and this was the first time ever that i fell asleep in the theater . The special effects were beautiful and thats it ! The acting was dull which went perfectly with the storyline . This movie should sink to the bottom of the sea !
 This movie had really good special effects , as when the waves were hitting the boat . They were bad when it involved the helicopter or the Satori . The character development in this movie was so aweful and the way they portrayed most of the characters was wrong because if you read the book most of the characters were very different such as Chrissy and the mother of Bobby had fights over the mothers boyfriend and that is why she moved out . The other bad point of the movie was the dialogue , there was none . The interaction between the people did n't go . The lines , if you listen closely , did n't go with what the other person even talks about . Released the 30th of June , this movie grossed 182 Million Dollars . This movie will get you addicted if you watch it but watch it a second time and you will see the mistakes in character development and dialogue . My advice Read The Book .
 This movie was so hyped that I came to it with the expectation of a really fine work of art . Unfortunately , that 's not what I got . As tragic as this movie was , I did n't feel sorry for these fishermen . They knew the horrible combined storm that was brewing and went out in it anyway . They risked their lives for a load of swordfish ? Talk about people who need to set their priorities straight !
 On the whole I enjoyed watching this movie . Love or hate the special effects , they do allow you to get a glimpse of what big seas are like without being in them . There was quite a bit of suspense and the acting and casting was mostly good . Not great , but good verging on very good . I also enjoyed seeing a side of the fishing industry , for better or worse , that I had n't known about before.What let the book down for me was the basic plot . For a start , why claim it is based on a true story , when nothing that happened after the last radio contact was true , leaving you in doubt as to how much of what happened before the final radio contact , was true.The rescue attempts were laughable , if I can use that word in this situation . The equipment used is not realistic for one thing , and nothing in the small yachts situation qualified for a mayday in my opinion , leading me to believe that the actual reality of the small boat 's predicament must have been different . It must be embarrassing for those crew members to see themselves depicted as responsible for the lives of lost rescuers . Why would the helicopter wait until it had zero fuel before deciding that the refueling was a failure ? Do they really think that fishermen in sea-boots could dive off a fishing boat into heaving seas and find a crew member who was way behind and then swim back to the ship ? The rescue side of the film was the single greatest issue that ruined it for me.Overall , I probably will watch it again , but not in a hurry .
 this movie is by far the worst movie ever made ... everything about it is poor . i ca n't believe this was directed by the same guy that directed das boot . go figure that out . i guess we have to blame him since he is in charge . poor performances by all actors involved and the all time worst fit for a music score . james horner should be sent to his room without his synth , orchestral baton and no dinner . talk about purple syrup ... there is a bright side though , if you watch this flick -LRB- and i do mean flick -RRB- you should turn the sound down and play some music you like . otherwise you have to witness these hard , tough , monster fishermen acting like they have just been to a new age seminar on male sensitivity ... . forget the seminar guys and just drink some more beer and celebrate your scar tissue . WHATEVER ... avoid this one like no other .
 The Good : Not much is good here . Two words sums it up just right , `` Special Effects . '' Thats all for the good.The Bad : Why is it that no directer can successfully turn a book into a movie . Yes , I realize you cant include everything from the book , but come on . This movie is a absolute mockery of an adaption and an insult to my intelligence . Everything that was good from the book was left out or changed in the movie . Just another example of Hollywood dumbing down the script so that people can be entertained . The irony is that the story the book tells is far more interesting and exiting then this discrace of a movie . Ok , if you want make a movie about this subject , fine , but dont call it `` The Perfect Storm , '' and dont adapt the movie from a excellent book . Call it something else , call it `` The Big Storm '' or `` The Perfect Disaster '' because that is what this movie is , a disaster .
 The special effects and the Coast Guard rescues are the only features of this film worth watching . The characters played by George Clooney and Mark Wahlberg are only vaguely interesting . The movie would have been much better if it had centered around the rescue attempts of the Coast Guard . As it is , it rather crawls along and you have to wonder where it 's going .
 Is there some rule in Hollywood that states that all ocean disaster epics have to have sophmoric scripts ? They would have been better off calling this film `` Titantic II '' because of the simply awful `` Cameronesque '' dialog . The special effects are n't that impressive either , because after a while the endless scenes of massive waves become so commonplace it gets boring looking at them . I ca n't believe that the man who directed the great `` Das Boot '' twenty years ago has managed to sink so low . Read the book instead and avoid turning your mind into jello by watching this perfectly awful excuse for a movie .
 To all of the boaters out there be prepared to be insulted . For anyone who has been out in bad seas , this movie will make you laugh . What ever happened to life preservers ? How about the plot - WEAK ! If you want to see some of the best special effects for waves , than watch it but you will not be able to watch it twice . Oh yeah , they go out in the worst time of the year for weather and never once listen to the weather . Than they drive right into because the fish will spoil . DUH ! The real people who were in this situation are turning in their graves .
 This movie got so much publicity and such good reviews I was so anxious to see this movie that I purchased a pre-release of the DVD . After receiving it and watching it with my family I was very disappointed in this film . The movie can be summarized as , they go fishing , storms roll in , and they all die . Very little excitement and no heroism . I strongly advise against purchasing this movie . If you are really interested in seeing this movie , I suggest renting it - however , you may also find that renting it is also a waste of money .
 This simply is not a good film . There have been TV programs about this particular storm which I found much more engaging . I have to admit that the special effects where impressive but hollywood has to learn that there is more to movie making than this . By about half way through I realised that I was just never going to care about the characters or the storm , I just wanted the film to be over .
 This is one of the worst films hubby and I have seen in awhile . We were all primed for greatness too knowing that Wolfgang Petersen , who had made our all time favorite high seas adventure , at a fraction of the cost , was at the helm . To say this is not `` Das Boot '' is like saying George Clooney is not Tom Cruise . The soundtrack was grating beyond belief , oozing sentimentality and mawkishness . The writing was corny and , boy , they laid on the maudlin element with the women folk with a trowel . Then there are the actors . I know Mark Wahlberg can do better but I think I have given up on ever seeing George Clooney act anything but handsome on the big screen . Fortunately , I got this at my library for free so I did n't waste any money on it . I have the book and I hear it is terrific so I think I will simply wait until this disaster passes from my mind and then read it .
 this was the worst movie i saw in 2000 . This movie is boring and sappy , and even the action is uninvolving . Skip it , skip it , skip it !
 Unbelievably bad ! The only redeeming part of this movie was the comedy of Clooney out on the fallen mast being whipped about by the hurricane winds . Truly hilarious ! Did anyone think to -LSB- at least -RSB- consult a meterologist and physicist for this ? At least it would have almost convinced me that this happened .
 I could not suspend reality even for a second here . The whole thing is way too contrived . It made me happy my DVD player has a big fast forward button .
 This could better be described as the `` poor man 's Titanic . '' After the initial special effects wear off you realize that there really is no story here ... it 's dumb and those idiots who went back out to fish deserved what they got . Do n't waste you time or money ...
 I do n't know if I was just tired that day or what but this movie did not keep my interest at all . I saw it on home video and I walked away and came back toward the end when the people actually went out toward the sea . I 'm sorry but this movie was n't that good . Maybe you can see this movie in the afternoon when your bored or you do n't have anything else better to do . Like take a nap .
 If you thought tv fishing shows were boring , just wait until you see this film . The first part of the film is a pathetic attempt at character development . Mr. Nice guy loves his wife and Son despite separation . Mr. Ugly guy finally finds love . Mr. 2nd Lead has a girlfriend much too nice for a trawlerman and she is setting up home for them . None of this made me care one bit whether any of them lived or died . The second part contains the worst special effects I 've ever seen . Just in case you still do n't care about the boat crew , they throw in some dumb helicopter pilots ; I cared about them even less . Worst movie ever . I just hope some fool buys this from me on an auction site .
 While technically I thought the movie was well done , and the special effects were quite impressive , I came away from the film feeling that it had somehow insulted the memory of the crew of that doomed long liner . When you get to the end movie , and realise that in reality there were no survivors , you are forced to acknowledge that everything which is purported to have happened on the boat , before and during the storm , is nothing but a figment of someone 's imagination . The words and actions , depicted as being those of the crew , are nothing but subtefuge and imagery created just for dramatic effect . Were one of my relatives to have been lost on that unhappy boat , I would be incensed by the liberties this movie takes .
 First of all , what lies at the heart of this story is a bunch of men who kill themselves in attempting to make a few bucks . Courageous music plays as the men go on their supposed `` heroic '' voyage . It 's not like they are setting out to save the world but only to catch fish . As the second mate said to the Captain while the boat sank , `` It was a hell of a fight . '' Sure , it was . But to make a hell of a movie out of it , the fight should be based on a worthy cause.The movie lacks originality . There are other sea adventure stories out there and there is nothing about this one that sets it apart from the rest . I was turned off by the instance in the Perfect Storm where the man falls into the water and the first one to dive in and save him is his enemy . Similarly , in the novel `` Moby Dick '' , Quequeeg is ridiculed by a man aboard but then when that man falls overboard , Quequeeg dives into the icy water to save him . Furthermore , Quequeeg acts as if it was nothing , just all in a days work . That 's the same way the hero in the Perfect Storm acts . Also as in Moby Dick , the disaster ahead is foreshadowed for the crew although I did n't lose hope for a happy ending in the movie until the very end.For alternatives , I recommend the book/movie `` Jaws '' , and the books `` Moby Dick '' and the true story , `` In the Heart of the Sea '' .
 Use of the phrase ` based upon event xyz ' is a phrase that should be used very cautiously . I can understand why `` Titanic '' the movie was based upon the event -- it was as faithful to the events as the director could make it . Obviously some details had to be estimated , but over all ... they tried.This movie is so far removed from the events that transpired that it is ` inspired ' by a true story , but so many details were added for no reason other than time-filler that it is ludicrous.The story is at times touching , but is done so to make the ending that much more upsetting . There is no other reason . I found this to be so evident that the eventual demise of the ` good-guys ' was n't as traumatic as the director perhaps had hoped.This movie is a poorly over-acted overdramatic cesspool of pseudo-entertainment . The only saving grace is that the special effects are top-notch . If you enjoy leaving a movie with the feeling of `` There are two hours of my life I will never get back '' then this movie is for you .
 It did n't reek , but there were absolutely no surprises . Even the Raging Waters themepark effects were only so-so , as most of them had been shown in the preview , and they were n't all that improved over `` Das Boot '' , twenty years previous . To its credit , however , it was no `` Twister . '' To its detriment , it was no `` Das Boot . `` It seemed to stretch credibility at several junctures . Mostly , the characters seemed to be partaking in a centuries old tradition without any benefits of the twentieth century.Odd how the Andrea Gail never seemed to have its radio turned on . You 'd think that a bunch of guys going out in late October into deep water might be just a teensy bit curious about the weather conditions.Odd how the boats and helicopters were equipped with neither inflatable lifeboats nor coldwater survival suits . The Andrea Gail did n't even appear to have any lifevests.And where did all the light inside the overturned hull of the Andrea Gail come from?And what was with those visual references to two massive freighters , which they even bothered to name and position ? Were these ships also doomed ? It looked to me like a storyline was cut out completely .
 A well made movie with very good special effects . Ultimately however it is a film about stupid people who die at the end but you do n't care because they 're stupid .
 Do n't be fooled by the big wave in the trailer for this movie . That 's the best part , and you have to wait two hours to see it . And while you wait , you have to sit and listen to horrific dialogue , watch a bunch of sailors curse and fight each other , and see a bunch of New Englanders sit around a TV and watch hurricane coverage on the local news . This movie is boring ! There 's nothing new about the concept , just another cliched film about man versus nature . Trust me , it 's not worth the effort to stay awake throught this movie .
 The costumes in this movie were incredible ! I mean , the actors looked so much like real fishermen , I could practically smell them . Then they opened their mouths ... The dialogue in this movie is so bad , it 's hilarious . I grew up in a small fishing community
 The special effects are quite good . It 's likely you will be too caught up in the various rescue attempts at the end of the film you wo n't much care if a slight digital tear is noticeable , or if a shot suddenly shifts perspective to cover up something that you should n't see.The last hour of The Perfect Storm -- from an enjoyable fishing sequence , through the inevitable , predictable , mother of all storm sequences , is very good film-making indeed . It 's unfortunate the first hour is such by the numbers , t.v. disaster movie of the week junk . The rather thinly drawn characters are quickly introduced with scenes owing a great debt of gratitude to Steinbeck 's Cannery Row and Hemingway . On top of the cliche 's the almost stock characters have been somewhat cleaned up to preserve a PG-13 rating.The fact these stock , thinly drawn cliched characters are played by actors who are capable of delivering good performances but are n't asked to try very hard to do so , only makes its worse . The Script is n't awful but its most likely one of those scripts by committee where dozens of hands fine tuned the thing until it was as slick , manipulative , and politically correct as possible although only Billy Wittliff gets final writing credit . He based the screenplay on the book by Sebastian Junger which centers around the fate of the Gloucester , Mass. . Sword fishing boat , Andrea Gail , and its crew.Since the film is based on a well known true story from a best-selling book , the film probably wo n't have any element of surprise which might cut way down on the suspense factor for you . I give a lot of credit to director Wolfgang Petersen , the films editor , composer James Horner , the production designer and the special effects crew for making the last sequences as thrilling and exciting as they are.We meet the crew of the ship and some of their friends . There 's the salty bitter Capt. Billy Tyne -LRB- George Clooney -RRB- who 's had a run of bad luck recently and is almost desperate to redeem himself with a large catch of fish . There 's the veteran fisherman , Murph -LRB- John C. Reilly -RRB- who has a love/hate relationship with the sea . He also does n't get along at all with fellow crewman , Sully -LRB- William Fichtner -RRB- . We are n't sure why they are at each other throats except it might have something to do a former fishing trip or perhaps some old rivalry over Murph 's wife . Murph has separate from his wife because of the hard fishing life he wo n't give up , and you see he loves his 9 or 10 year old son very very much . We know this because rather than get laid , he prefers to play pool with his son in the local pub . There 's Bobby -LRB- Mark Wahlberg -RRB- the new guy , who 's just become addicted to the sea at the same time he 's fallen in love with the girl of his dreams a divorced mom of two -LRB- Diane Lane -RRB- . He 's torn between his love of adventure and fishing and missing his woman . There 's the dumb guy Bugsy -LRB- John Hawkes -RRB- , who lacks social skills of any kind and serves as a source of much of the film 's humor as he attempts to get laid and then is befriended by a large woman in a supposed to be genuine way . We also have Alfred Pierre , -LRB- Allen Payne -RRB- a Jamaican who is fishing for the paycheck , but has been with the ` Skip ' for several fishing trips.There 's also fellow Captain Linda -LRB- Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio -RRB- who likes Captain Billy Tyne and hints she 'd like to be more than friends to him . It 's another mostly thankless cardboard role for a very capable actress.Let me make a quick mention of actor Michael Ironside , who plays the owner of the fish company the various ship captains sell their fish too . For years , this Canadian actor has made a career of wonderfully portraying some of the slimiest villains and unlikeable characters you 've ever seen -LRB- you wo n't ever forget him from Scanners -RRB- . He always seems to find a way to elevate even the dullest of stock characters into something , somewhat memorable . The crew go out too far to go after their fish and when the ice machine breaks down they decide to try to fight their way back through the storm -LRB- they underestimate -RRB- so their huge catch of fish does n't spoil and they make lots of money.There 's another group of folks who are literally inserted into the film . We do n't know a thing about them except they are played by capable actors Cherry Jones , Bob Gunton and Karen Allen . . All we know is they are on a luxury sail boat and as we cut back to them on occasion we realize they will be caught in the big storm . Yes , there is a very exciting attempt rescue sequence involving these people , but it 's an insult to these actors at how completely wasted their talents are playing special effect extras . They are n't even given enough screen time to develop cardboard Irwin Allen type caricatures.Mark Wahlberg and John C. Reilly and George Clooney appear very comfortable with each other . They 've paired up in various combination in films like Boogie Nights and The Three Kings . Unfortunately there really is n't much for them sink their teeth into , in terms of character , or character driven development . This film turns an actual tragic event into a special effect extravaganza along the lines of the biggest budgeted Irwin Allen film ever made . I guess Irene who 's was left on the shore waiting for Bugsy is the Shelley Winters of the film.Yes , the last hour of the film manages to thrill and excite . The film-makers know their stuff which should come as no surprise because the director Wolfgang Petersen helmed the impressive near classic Das Boot -LRB- about the Germans in the submarine -RRB- almost 20 years ago.I guess what bothers me most is that so many talented people were involved in this project , it 's very disappointing they all signed on to what amounts to little more than a very expensive by the numbers disaster movie of the week . Everyone should have concentrated on making a good film , not just one with some thrilling special effects.Chris Jarmick co-Author of The Glass Cocoon -LRB- with Serena F. Holder -RRB- - a steamy cyber thriller available after January 2001 . Please order it today .
 ... , was this film ... , apart from the big wave . The dialogue was pure rubbish , the acting pure rubbish , a total waste of time . Just fast-forward to the wave , get your kicks and do n't waste any of your limited life on this , eh , film . I hated this film so badly I nearly missed watching a good Clooney film , Oh Brother ! Where Art Thou ?
 A great start to the movie - interesting characters as a group of fishermen battle the elements to survive The Perfect Storm . Or so I thought . -LRB- spoiler alert -RRB- They all die . Having chatted at work around the water cooler , it seems I 'm the only person who did n't know this . However , that dramatically affected my view of the film - after investing my emotional energy into ` how are they going survive this ? ' , they do n't . They die . And I felt like I 'd wasted 2 hours of my life watching it.Incidentially , how can this be based on a ` true life ' novel if no one survived to tell the story ?
 Sebastian Unger 's wonderfully researched and written non-fiction bestseller about captain Billy Tyne 's swordfishing boat Andrea Gail facing a monster storm off Gloucester , Massachusetts in the autumn of 1991 has been turned into a lackluster melodrama with unappealing characterizations and only occasionally impressive special effects.George Clooney 's Tyne is a dour , veteran fisherman who has had a run of disappointing catches . In the movie version of reality , he clearly makes poor judgement calls that eventually lead to the deaths of all on board , including himself . Bummer.Wolfgang Peterson -LRB- `` Das Boot '' -RRB- does not deliver the full-throttle action film the posters proclaim . Although the special effects are serviceable and in some cases eye-popping , there 's never a moment when one forgets it 's all fake ; sets , props , miniatures and computer generated images . That said , it 's the surround sound that really connects with a super realistic sense of a monstrous raging sea . In fact , in some ways the movie 's better if you close your eyes for the last hour and picture it in your head!While this film really lacks any actual drama or characterization , it is still amazing to witness the level of digital manipulation available to the filmmaker.The luminous Diane Lane is wasted in a nothing part . Mark Wahlberg does his best as a hard working blue collar guy with a dream of a better life . Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio is a rival fisherperson who has had a run of good luck and a never explained `` friendship '' with Clooney 's unappealing Tyne.Even though we meet the main characters in a lengthy , and very formula set-up , the more we know , the less we care . The rooting interest is very low , leaving the final extended storm sequence devoid of any emotional involvement . Sadly , the sense of terror is detached.The DVD is loaded with special features including three behind the scenes documentaries and three richly informed feature length commentaries -LRB- filmmaker/author/craftsperson -RRB- . There 's also conceptual art and a storyboard galleries and much more . These additions make this disc almost worth renting for the true , effects geek videophile .
 I 'm just glad I didnt actually pay full price to see this in the theatres because it flat out sucked . George Clooney is too cool for school in this film . His character is irritating and filled with testosterone , but then again ... arent all his characters ? Marky Mark is o.k. , but too much of a woos in this movie . The other guys did this bonding thing midway in the movie which was so pathetic it made me choke on my popcorn . All in all a horrendous movie . Instead of buying or renting this movie . Go out and go for a nice walk and treat yourself to some ice cream .
 The Perfect Storm began without a good showing a character develpoment . We learned about their personallities , but nothing about them as in background . One person -LRB- nameless to my knowledge -RRB- did n't even speak until somewhere out in the middle of the ocean . After starting out on the wrong foot the beginning of the adventure made up for the lack of charcter development . Now we 're off into the ocean and the crew is becoming distressed for the fish are not biting.The so called fisherman are running into all sorts of problems until they reach a excellent spot and catch a huge quanity of fish . Then all of the sudden the ice machine breaks and if they do n't get home soon the fish will spoil . Even though they know there is a storm right infornt of them . They decide to go on any way and eventually run into all sorts of problems . The ending -LRB- which i will not mention -RRB- was just horrrible beyond immagination . The story is going on then all of the sudden it comes to a cliff and jumps off . The Perfect Storm is a waste of time and should not be sold .
 Do the words , Predictable , and overacting ring a bell ? ... This movie was terrible . George Clooney is still trying to be a serious actor but ca n't shake off the same predictable acting he used effectively in ER , but gets annyoing in this movie . He is not even believable as a ship captain ... This Movie made money the same reason , Jurrasic Park 's the Lost World and Independence day etc made theirs , for Special effects . Great special effects in the storm sequences , but everything is predictable and the director tried to bring it all together in the end which was even dragged out further . My word of Advice
 In a nutshell , the special effects were VERY good . George and Mark was VERY good . The movie was VERY boring . How 's that ? Well , it may have been based on a true story about a `` perfect '' storm , but the entire story of the Andrea Gail is fabricated . No one really knows what happened on the ship . So the author fabricates this `` man vs. nature '' whatchamacallit and does and OKAY job . The first hour is a snore . `` We are men ! We men catch fish ! '' Whatever.Anyhow , it 's just like the Titanic , the last hour is better than the first because , and ONLY because , of the special effects . Rent this first .
 Critics made this movie out to be the greatest thing in the world . What movie did they see . Some of the scenes were laughable . Mark Whalburg still has n't convinced me as an actor and George Clooney is just awful . I could n't relate to any of these characters , I thought the plot was flimsey and they completely wasted Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio . Did she have significance in this movie other than to fill a female role . This was a very wasted 2 hours .
 Ok , most movies nowadays are special effects , which are great in this case , but this a script about a bunch of mediocre people who drown and nothing else . The only story line discernible is that of the Titanic . Two out of five for the special effects .
 Man oh man ! What a BAD movie ! Do you hate films that have no intelligence ? This movie is one you should stay away from . Not only is it overly cheesey , but it will make you stupid . -LRB- More stupid if you liked it -RRB- . They try to tie in sentimental sub-plots , but they do n't make sense . A kid cries , which is the most pathetic child-acting job in the world . It 's not the kid 's acting that is at fault , but the writer and director for letting it happen . They make these people out as heros . HEROS . Ok , whatever . Nothing is real , all tid-bits of dialog are dumbed down for the lower intelligence , for that 's how movies make money . A good pointer to add is that the director did NOT use one REAL swordfish during the making of this . Did you think Air force One was stupid ? This is worse . Good day .
 The definitive over the top interpretation of a true story . Like so many films of this genre the audience are being treated as gullible idiots . There are limits to temporary suspension of disbelief . As the boat negotiates its way through 100 + foot waves crew members sit below deck at a table where mugs are n't even moved by the storm . The last time I had seen the ocean manipulated in this way by computers was in the directors cut of `` Abyss '' where aliens created a 1000 foot static wave to intimidate mankind , this movie is supposed to based on a real incident ... Please ... Not to mention the characters are shallow and so many scenes are ever so predictable ... . Please spare us this kind of dribble !
 I saw this moview -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- in the theatre ... what a waste of good money ... and then I had to endure it the other night at a friend 's place . I 'm thinking about revoking that friendship !! Give me a break . These moronic characters are essentially pure fiction . Tell me , how did the author , director , producer , etc know what occured once they were beyond communication range ?? Why did they keep pushing forward knowing that the weather was horrible ?? Who says they are heroes -LRB- as the commercials are doing at the moment -RRB- when they caused the -LRB- supposed -RRB- deaths of 2 SAR Techs ?? Just dumb.Ususally I check my brain at the door and enjoy the movie , but this was impossible with this movie.The only good thing about the movie was the cast . Ca n't beat Mark Wahlberg -LRB- Boogie Nights -RRB- or John C. Reilly -LRB- Magnolia -RRB- . Clooney was okay .
 Like I said in the title of this review , there was n't much of a story to keep you interested in this movie . There were great special effects but you have to wait until the end of the movie to see them , it seems like the script was written so that all of the characters could develop relationships with someone so that once you 've seen the end you 're supposed to be sad , but the plot develpment seems so deliberate that you do n't really care . There is n't that much that happens in between the beginning and end to really move the picture . There is n't very much depth given to the characters to really care for them . Rent this one !
 I knew this movie was bad when halfway through watching it my wife -LRB- who loves ANYTHING about fishing and the sea -RRB- turned to me and said `` This has got to be one of the worst movies I 've seen in years . '' It certainly should win some kind of award for worst dialoge and best over-acting .
 George Clooney is the worst actor ever . I also believe he is the most unintelligent actor ever . The movie itself is terrible , and George Clooney gives a typically terrible performance . Why waste your time with this trash when you could go to the nearest dumpster and find something infinitely more appetizing . I think George Clooney should be in a western ... no thought , no emotion , just a surgeon 's hands and a shiny gun , John Wayne did it , he could too .
 Do n't see this film . It is a terrible waste of good directing and acting talent . I have never been a Clooney fan , but still ... The direction of this film is by the masterful Wolfgang Petersen , one of my favorite directors of all time . He has breathed life into films such as Air Force One and Troy . This film , however , was still dead and not breathing upon release . The music is beautiful . I will not deny that James Horner actually DID hit the nail right on the head , and produced a wonderfull and memorable score , that is my reason for the 2 stars .
 ** SPOILER ALERT ** Not having read the book and knowing nothing about the real case , while the movie was unfolding I got more and more the ominous impression that ALL of the characters were going to die , but then I kept repeating myself that all the minute details of what the crew was doing or saying would not make any sense if no one had survived.Well , no one survived and the whole movie makes no sense . That 's a way of cheating ; they could have ended the thing by explaining that it was just a dream . Or that the guys that died were in fact the evil twins of the real crewmen , who were suffering from amnesia at the time.I would have respected the makers more if they would have dropped the `` based on a true story '' claim , because whatever we know for real took place until communication with the boat stopped . That 's the only possible ending for a `` based on a true story '' film ; anything beyond that is just wild guess.What sense does it make to invent minutiae for a plot that goes nowhere and then call all that `` real '' ? As a `` real '' story ; what is the redeeming value of such a film ? -LRB- Oh , yes . Selling boxoffice tickets . I forgot -RRB- .
 The unnamed 1991 storm took a tremendous toll in property and human life , including the crew of the `` Andrea Gail . '' This story of the phenomenal storm of the century is interesting and the special effects are great - who wo n't shudder at the hundred-foot swells - but I could n't help feeling like a voyeur as I watched the last days and hours of the `` Andrea Gail 's '' captain and crew . This Hollywoodized version of their deaths seems somewhat exploitative . This is not and should not be considered `` entertainment . '' Real people lost their lives .
 Given the level of talent involved , not to mention the best trailor of the year , I was hugely let down by a film brimming over with cliched characters , depressingly predictable plot points -LRB- despite being based on a true story -RRB- and forced , utterly unconvincing acting.Goerge Cloony has given great performances in the past , but here he 's just treading water in an unforgivably underwritten character -LRB- he 'd have fared better-as would the whole cast-if he 'd had ignored the script and just got it directly from the great book . -RRB- Mary Elizabeth Mastrontonio , a fine ferocious firebrand , is deplorably wasted in a role that simply requires her to be hystericly concerned and deliver atrocities like this : `` you 're sailing right into the belly of the beast ! `` It does n't even really supply any good reason for her to be so concerned.If there 's one redeeming factor to all this it 's , of coarse , the storm itself , and the special effects are , well , effective , if not neccesarilly convincing.Even the lavishly mounted DVD package , loaded to the brim with extras and goodies , ca n't save this project , another depressing example of today 's movies and thier flash-over-substance tendencies .
 I 'll admit from the outset that I 'm biased about the movie because I enjoyed the book so much . The book dealt with not just the men on the Andrea Gail and what might have happened to them , but the effect on other boats caught in the storm , the history behind fishing in the area , the physics involved in creating such a massive storm , the frantic culture of the modern-day swordfisherman , and the logistics involved in prepared a month-long fishing expedition . Obviously the movie ca n't cover all of these things , and I did n't expect it to . Instead , they made the wise decision to stick mainly to the Andrea Gail and her crew . However , the movie DID add a silly manufactured rivalry between two of the fisherman , a labored romantic sobplot , and lots of melodramatic music . I guess I expected something a little more solemn from the guy who directed `` Das Boot '' , but instead `` Perfect Storm '' tries to shamelessly manipulate the audience into feeling sorry for the poor shmoes on the boat , including a tear-jerker ending invoking the eternal power of love ...
 I am a victim of Hollywood hype ! Usually a sensible movie goer I always check review before I plunk down my cash on ever more expensive movies . The Perfect Storm was uniformly panned by critics , and for a good reason which I will get to later . So why did I watch it ? Let me explain . I had decided to get the book instead -LRB- I have some sailing experience and love true life nature struggles -RRB- which was a bargain on Amazon for $ 6 or so . Where the book is far superior is in its detailing of storm technical details such as the maximum possible wave height in a storm -LRB- over 200 feet ! -RRB- or what a fishing boat captain must do to keep his boat afloat in a storm . But my favorite part of the book is the various stories of ALL the vessles caught in this storm of the century , not just the Andrea Gail . As you read the book you suffer the anxieties of `` will they make it ? '' . Your mind adds detail to the fates of the doomed fisherman . That is truly effective . The suggestion of the tragic outcome is far more realistic than the movie outcome . Because no one knows what really happened to the Andrea Gail the author offers possibilities only told in a narrative that is truly frightening . Wait ? Hollywood invented the story in the movie ? Ah ha ! Yes , unfortunately I feel that the story as shown in the movie is weak compared to the unknown reality of the book . In fact I would have loved to see more time in the movie devoted to the sailboat rescue -LRB- which is more elaborate in the book -RRB- , or the other ships in trouble . Not the phony emotional scene of Mark Wahlberg in the ocean with a vision of his girlfriend . So why after reading the book did I subject myself to an inferior story ? Marketing hype . After seeing the preview with the giant killer wave 100 times I got suckered in . And although I found the water special effects to be impressive , effects alone do not make for a good story . In fact this movie is an example of how a bad script can ruin a great story . As a recent DVD owner who picks movies that combine good stories that entertain me AND have great cinematography , The Perfect Storm will not be joining my collection.I give the movie 2 stars out of 5 overall with 3.5 stars for the FX and 0 for the script . And order that book now which I give 5 stars .
 A fine example of what happens when real events are tortured into the shape of a Hollywood blockbuster . Corny and inaccurate characterization , fictitious events , textbook plotting , and James Horner 's typically inane score are all called upon to wring sympathy from the audience and to while away the first hour until the storm - the only reason for this film 's existence - actually hits . When it does , it 's amazing . Rendered in mind-blowing CGI , it is utterly spectacular . But this very spectacle actually works against the film
 `` The Perfect Bore '' as One Clever Critic put it , this film does not reach this viewer the way it intended , to use a rather obvious pun , it drowned in a sea of Crappy-ness . It is a Total Waste of Time , Effort and Money ; for the Untalented Makers and the Unfortunate Audience.George Clooney is in `` Batman '' mode here as the Fish boat captain in over his head . His dialogue consists of lines like `` Boy how I love the sea '' , but when he looks out at the water , his face is quite Loathsome . Maybe he just Regrets signing on for the film.Mark Warlberg and John C Reilly maintain some dignity , their Performances are still overdone , but by Comparison to the others , they are Tolerable . Diane Lane Overacts Mercilessly and Mary Elisabeth Mastrantonio does n't get enough Screen time to Impress.Too much time is wasted building Stereotypes instead of building Characters ; I 've cared more about pieces of Cabbage than I did about these people . I kept wishing that we 'd get to see more of the Sub-Plots , the Oil Tanker , the Yacht ; The Drama here was Far more Interesting . The Special Effects are the only reason the film gets 2 stars .
 Set in the early 90 's in Gloucster MA , The Perfect Storm , which was indeed a true story , turned out to be just another over budget special effects movie . Jungers novel was extraodanry , thus making me even more excited to see the film . So I , along with throngs of other movie patrons , flocked to the box-office opening weekend expecting to get blown away ... needless to say , I was anything but . The acting was not as good as I had hoped , -LRB- both Clooney and Whalberg put forth excellent efforts in 3 Kings -RRB- I thought , however , that John C. Reilly 's performance was astounding.The effects were too computer generated , I mean , James Cameron made Titanic come alive , and they ca n't even make an ocean . James Horners score was also way too dramatic . But above all , I was most disapointed that the script was not very true to Jungers novel . His novel dealt with the storm in general , the different stories that came out of it . The movie only dealt with the crew of the Andrea Gale ... in the book , that part was over in chapter 3 or 4 ! Also , I did not feel that the ending was as powerful as it could have been . All and all , way too much hollywood hype for just another natural disaster movie .
 `` The Perfect Storm '' wants to be a blue-collar , modern day `` Titanic '' with its disaster-at-sea plot . Oh , if only it did . Clooney and Wahlberg are wasted talents in this film about a group of fishermen that get caught in a severely powerful storm . To be sure , the storm scenes sound great on DVD ; this is a good movie with which to show off your sound system . But the effects , which get redundant after a few minutes , look and feel fake -LRB- almost as fake as Diane Lane 's Boston accent ! -RRB- . It 's as though you 're watching not a catastrophe at sea but a video game at a local arcade . Sometimes , digital effects , when overdone as they are here , can strip a film of its realness . Director Wolfgang Peterson probably wanted to give us a reason to care about the story and its characters , but no such luck . `` The Perfect Storm '' is a near-washout .
 The Perfect Storm marks the second collaboration of Mark Wahlberg and George Clooney but do n't expect another Three Kings here . Whereas Kings was a smart , liberal-minded action film that dared to have a social concious , this is a movie more of the rah-rah , skimp on the plot variety -LRB- as we 've come to expect around the July 4th weekend -RRB- . If I had to choose one redeeming quality to justify my two star rating -LRB- rather than one -RRB- , I 'd have to point out how refreshing it is to see scruffy , blue-collar workers potrayed in film . Much like Erin Brockovich it deals with lower middle class people , which we 're unaccustomed to seeing in mainstream Hollywood movies and that 's a nice touch . I can only assume that 's what attracted this very talented cast , the only one of which to get away clean is John C. Reilly for whom it 's almost impossible to give a poor performance.Clooney stars as a Gloucester sword boat captain who 's hit a proveribal bump in the road . His last few times out he 's come home short , so he dedicated himself to doing a turnaround which he hopes will break his string of bad luck . Antagonizing him into doing so is the boat 's owner -LRB- Michael Ironside -RRB- who , because we ca n't exactly hold Mother Nature accountable , is cast in the role of the `` bad guy . '' Being as he 's the evil capitalist -LRB- as though the fisherman have more noble intentions -RRB- , he inadvertantly pushes Clooney and his crew further and further out to sea until they can find the fish and set the market.They travel all the way out to the Flemish Cap , which if my map reading skills are up to snuff is about halfway out into the Atlantic . From there they proceed to catch enough fish to make somewhere in the neighborhood of a million dollars . But when the ice machine clunks out they 're left with a choice , wait it out and let the fish spoil or ride back through the storm . As I 'm sure you 've already guessed they decide to tough it out , not knowing that Hurricane Grace is about to collide with two other fronts to create the greatest storm on record.We cut back and forth from them fighting the elements -LRB- and eachother -RRB- , to land where they all have someone to come home to . These moments are the worst of the film and have been set up by and over-extended opening introduction to the fisherman and their loved ones , for whom we 're supposed to be sobbing for at the picture 's end . Especially bad is Diane Lane , who must 've given a hell of a performance in The Cotton Club to still be finding work after her horrendous turn in Murder at 1600 . I hate to single her out but in the company of such a fine cast she ca n't help but sick out.As for Wolfgang Petersen , he 's done much better work with Das Boot and Outbreak , and here seems to be overly aware of the expectations set forth by the film 's bloated budget so he aims to appeal to wider audiences by dumbing down on the story . I can really see where he was trying to make a better movie than the one he ended up with , but he just ca n't salvage a terribly contrived story that actually has the audacity to assume the events surrounding this tragedy , using a paint-by-numbers formula to fill in the blanks.Maybe the filmmakers should 've been more vague or written an entirely fictional story , rather than doing these men the disservice of presuming how they met their end . I know it 's based on the Sebastian Junger book which I 've never read , and probably never will after seeing this , but I just ca n't help but feel they should 've left well enough alone . But that 's just my opinion and it 's worth the three dollar rental fee to check it out for yourself .
 Bobby 's World has always been one of my favorite shows growing up , so i was thrilled to find out it was finally coming to DVD . Unfortunetly , this DVD is VERY poorly made.Pros : -5 of the best Bobby 's World episodes on DVD formatCons : - Picture quality is that of a VHS.-No special features.-All Fox Kids logos have been removed.-The Scratch 'n Sniff card is actually a joke . The smell of the card is ... cardboard . Yeah , you heard right . The smell of the CARD is CARDboard . Of course , this was of no care to me , since i 'm not 5 , -LRB- i 'm 19 , actually , just reviewing it this way becuase it is quicker . -RRB- but kids are likely to buy this DVD and imagine the disappointment on their faces when their scratch and sniff card is n't really a scratch 'n sniff card at all.Overall , kids will enjoy the DVD , but be disappointed at the DVD 's false advertising . Die hards fans should n't expect much in the way of extras , becuase there is none .
 These people ca n't act ! Talk about boring and badly written this is it . Majorly perdictable , i could n't bring myself to watch the whole thing it was so scripted . Theres no real story line and the effects suck ! Do n't watch unless you need something to help you sleep .
 The tagline to this film 's advertisement boasts `` Real as the Screaming Headlines ! True as the Bullets that Wrote Them ! '' These lines promise more that the film can fulfill . In this `` true crime '' drama , the actual St. Louis policemen involved in the `` Great St. Louis Bank Robbery '' played the same roles they did on that fateful day , when three desperate men -LRB- plus the getaway driver -RRB- attempted the broad-daylight robbery of the Southwest Bank . A young Steve McQueen , very early in his film career , is George Fowler , the youngest of the hold-up men . His relationship with a partner 's sister stood to endanger the whole plan , and hardened criminal John Egan -LRB- Crahan Denton -RRB- must make sure everything goes as planned . This created a tension between the men that may derail the job . This all sounds better than what is actually in the film . The low budget black & white look of the film ca n't even muster a semi-documentary feel to the `` true-life '' events . The actors all gave lackluster performances , either overplaying , underplaying , or just not playing . The addition of the `` real-life '' policemen added nothing to the proceedings
 The DVD by Platinum Disc Corporation of The Great St. Louis Bank Robbery starring Steve McQueen with a shot on the case from his role in The Getaway -LRB- 1972 -RRB- is only 1/2 a movie , which is to say , they only put the last half of the movie on this DVD . The film on their disc opens with the girl , Ann , writing her warning in lipstick on the bank window at night . The first half of the movie which introduces the characters and sets up the bank robbery is completely missing . I would have probably given this old B-movie at least 3 stars if it had n't been lacking 1/2 a movie ! Other versions of this film that have been previously released or may come later should hopefully at least be complete , but not this one . I essentially wasted my money .
 There are two reasons to see this film - a young , pre-famous Steve McQueen and the step back in to 1950 's with all the great classic cars.This was one of McQueen 's first film roles and definitely not on his best films list . It 's interesting to watch McQueen in his last 20 's knowing that superstardom was a few short years away . THE GREAT ST. LOUIS BANK ROBBERY is based on a true story and features the actual locations and some of the real policemen surrounding the heist . Knowing that , the film is bland and relatively slow paced . We do n't know much about the bank robbers and their relationships as they plan their heist.McQueen is the star of the film and a young man recruited to drive the getaway car . Although he 's not eager to break the law , he sees this as a way to get back on track with his life . Finally , when the actual heist begins do we begin to see some action and excitement in this film . McQueen 's youthful and raw talent slowly begins to emerge near the end of the film.The quality of the print is tolerable but not great . The film looks dark and menacing which adds a bit to the story . Men were still wearing long coats and hats in the 50 's so the step back in time is interesting . Basically , I could only recommend this film to a Steve McQueen fan wanting to see the beginnings of the King of Cool .
 The St. Louis Bank Robbery , 1959 filmThe film begins with a man driving a car on a highway . Three cars park off the street , across from a bank . ` This story is based on a true incident . '' Men of the St. Louis Police Department play their actual parts . The four men discuss the bank
 The DVD that I received was a big disappointment . The transfer to DVDwas very bad , so dark it was hard to determine what was going on . After15 minutes I threw the thing in the trash .
 This could have been a great movie . Excellent plot ideas , an experienced cast , good cinematography . The direction though ... Gina Torres is a good actress but for a moment I thought her horribly stillted performance was the sign of , `` Oh she 's just starting out . '' then I looked at the publishing date and realised that it was the director 's fault . This had all the right elements to make a great romantic comedy but then the director dropped the ball and lost it down a sewer drain.So many parts of this move did not mesh properly , the side plot ideas were good but attached to the movie like trying to add multiple wigs to an irish wolfhound . The twists and turns of the plot were either presented as so unexpected it was , `` Where did that come from and what was the point . '' or so badly telegraphed as , `` Why are the characters surprised about this ? `` Michael Whaley , either go back to film school for more practice in a less damaging environment or please do n't direct again . Lots of experience as an actor does not a director make , particularly when you act in and direct your first movie outing.Watch this move for an evening 's light entertainment nothing more . If however you are a film student you should definitely watch this as an example of how micromanaging good talent will mess up your movie .
 The movie was very boring . Fair game did n't keep my attention . I thought the movie supposed to be slightly funny but i was wrong .
 I write this review as I struggle to make myself finish watching this movie . I 've talked myself out of stopping it about 3 or 4 times , but I 'm no quitter I 'm going to persevere until the end . The story line is so disjointed and the characters are disappointingly one dimensional . I 've watched some really good independent black films like Love , Sex and Eating the Bones or 30 to Life , but Fair Game so far has been a waste of my time .
 I try to support African American movies but when they put out garbage like this I have to let my displeasure be known . The plot was stupid and there was absolutely no chemistry whatsover between the main characters . Even the attempts at comedy were horrible . There was nothing about the characters that made you want to invest in the characters or the storyline . I just wanted the movie to be over with because I kept waiting for something to happen that would make me find some redeemable factor in this movie but nothing . Bad actors , bad acting , bad directing , and terrible writing .
 The beginning is very well done , then the only interesting parts are the cat-and-mouse between Jude Law and Ed Harris . The rest of the film is bad , I 'd say . Luckily , I recorded it from TV . It is now erased . -LRB- By the way , one of the Amazon reviewers who also disliked the film wrote that Bob Hoskins is American . He 's from England . -RRB-
 It 's amazing how you can see a full-production , serious Hollywood film about World War II and not have it be about pain , nationalism , classism , xenophobia , primitive regression , freedom , social control-you know , the things war is about-but instead have it just be about a guy getting laid , his friend 's envy over the fact , and the near -LRB- naturally near -RRB- loss of his betrothed to circumstances beyond his control . WWII ... American high school ... is this a disturbing mix up , or is it just me ? -LRB- I 'm not sure of the reasons for the conflation , but I suspect it might be because audiences really do n't want a film about complicated issues and that film makers , with deadlines in one pile and bills in another , know this . It 's a well oiled war machine , the film industry . But now I conflate ! -RRB- Jude Law plays super sniper and Soviet national hero Vassili Zaitsev and is amazing as always . Somehow I can loath a movie with Law in it and still like him and his character . In EATG , Zaitsev 's relationships with others unfortunately become purely device driven
 This is a big-budget Costume Drama that is All Costume and No Drama . It wastes very good actors -LRB- Ed Harris , Jude Law , Joseph Fiennes , Rachel Weisz , Bob Hoskins -RRB- on a very thin script and very lavish production-values . There is hardly any suspense , and it 's a pity to see actors try so hard with so little to work with . The high point is seeing how much Bob Hoskins looks like Kruschev . We used to hear that the personal is political ; this movie takes the opposite position , that all politics is merely personal . Pretty ham-handed and silly ; and you can see the actors squirming to deliver their lines . Propagandistic and tiresome ; but visually beautiful .
 In other words , Brits on skids ... Jokes aside , this one is a good if not flawless war movie . The producers call it mystery-thriller . I still call it war movie , since there is no mystery in who is who in this one.But what in Heavens , has this movie to do with the Battle at Stalingrad?Stalingrad is just a poor excuse to rehash the war genre.Even though the story bases itself on historic figures , it is rather superficial in scope.What really bothered me though , was this very pronounced British accent in Russian uniforms ! And Hoskins as Kruschchev is simply ridiculous ! Especially when he tries to emulate a Russian accent with Cockney undertones . What is London ? A suburb of Stalingrad?I appreciate his immense effort , but still he does not possess the stamina to play the , much younger then , and more energetic Nikita Kruschchev -LRB- I can see him as Beria anytime ... -RRB- . Acting in general , is good but could be far more greater.The only one who really stands out this time is Ed Harris.He does a magnificent job as a German expert sniper with a casual fatality about the job he has to accomplish -LRB- those who are about to die , salute you ... -RRB- . Annaud is not really at his best in this one.Although Stalingrad has been reproduced quite well , Annaud simply makes it an action shooting movie , adding here and there some pathos to help the actors involved getting along with the plot ... If you want to watch truly impressive movies about the battle of Stalingrad , then rent or buy the 1992 released `` Stalingrad '' or even better , the 1949 russian movie `` The battle at Stalingrad '' . Both will tell you a lot more about the horrors of war and the mistakes of the Wehrmacht in misjudging its own capabilities , than this wimpy and seemingly intellectual film ... Sorry , Jean-Jacques , try harder next time . In the meanwhile , try to enjoy other movies , especially those mentioned before , as well as a German movie on the same subject , called `` Hunde , wollt Ihr Ewig leben ? '' -LRB- Stalingrad
 Honestly , the only line missing from this film is : `` Oy you , I shoot for the ruddy Soviets too ! Get them Jerries , I will ! `` The actual Soviet Stalingrad veterans were so offended by inaccuracies in the movie and the insulting way in which the movie portrays the Soviet army , that they asked the Russian Parliament to ban the film in Russia.The acting is downright lousy as are the stupid and highly unnecessary British accents . The stupid British kid posing as a Russian spy , the stupid British guy posing as a Soviet sniper ... Even Bob Hoskins -LRB- American -RRB- throws in the fake UK accent -LRB- So irritating ! -RRB- But the ultimate laugh was when Ed Harris is mixing English and German together in his sentences . Just annoying altogether . They should have done this film in Soviet-era Russian and Third Reich German , as executed so well in `` Downfall . '' `` Enemy At The Gates '' bombed at theaters for a reason , and it is in the Amazon bargain bin for a reason
 Just another Hollywood love story wrapped in pseudo-Russian atmosphere.The actors have nothing in common with Russians and Russian history . A big laugh for anyone familiar with reality!The screenplay is written with little respect for the nation that won the battle of Stalingrad and saved Europe from Nazi Germany.If you are looking for entertainment - go ahead and see the movie , if you want to find out more about WWII and Russia - forget about this film ...
 Great scenery but the acting , whewwww ! Who wrote the dialoge ? ... I do give the actors their due , they did the best with what they were given . And the action sequences , did ' t they have anyone who has every heard a gun fire . Sniper rifles do n't go pop , they ROAR when you fire them . And tanks give a report that rips the air , not a puff ! I did not mind the British accents but the plot and script were so mushy I coul n't keep my mind focused on the movie . Sorry to write a bad review but I wish I could get my money back
 Ordinary hollywood - `` historical '' movie that like any other hollywood movies has nothing to do with the reality . It depicts neither the character , nor the spirit , nor the soul , nor the mindset of the people . Forget the real events and characters . It is about an imaginary people invented by hollywood.This pure fantasy-fiction farce presents a medley , in one bowl , of situations taken from different places and periods of the war , an ignorant-tourist gift set like balalaika , nesting doll , bottles of vodka -LRB- glass bottles in the trenches ? -RRB- , and , of course , typical western fare of `` Russian '' `` cannon fodder for the officers '' . Also , the Russians are to blame themselves for the massacre in the territories occupied by the Nazis and the loss of soldiers on the front.This continued hollywood trip along the path of rewriting the history of the war more than fifty years after its end is an insult . It is not about my grandparents who fought in the war since the first day of it .
 I was very disappointed with the movie `` Enemy at the Gates . '' I believe my disappointment is based on the fact that I enjoyed the book very much , and the way the producer/director chose to change charater motivations in the movie ruined a very well-written story.I am often disappointed when a book I thoroughly enjoy is made into a movie ; I have once more learned my lesson and will leave movie watching to those who lack good reading abilities
 I suppose I 'm churlish for not liking this movie . Not having seen ads or reviews and not having read the book , I was misled by the opening sequences into thinking that this was a movie about the battle of Stalingrad . The opening sequences are very effective and impressively nightmarish in showing that `` war is hell , '' a message one ca n't hear too often.Then it all goes dreadfully wrong , as the viewer is expected to be interested in a farfetched cat-and-mouse game between two snipers . This is such small potatoes compared to the start of the movie that I turned it off in disgust . As with virtually all `` hit man '' movies , I quickly lose interest in `` who kills who ? '' as the body count increases . But I guess if you liked Pulp Fiction , you may like this .
 I had heard fair-to-good opinions from non-military minded people that had seen this movie . Everyone -LRB- 5 or 6 people -RRB- thought the love-story aspect really detracted from the movie . When I saw it I thought it was the Hokiest movie I have seen in years . There are maybe 15 minutes -LRB- out of a 2 hour movie -RRB- of good sniper action and suspense . The two snipers were well cast and did fine jobs of acting . The young commissar did a credable job , but the girl soldier/translator was terrible -LRB- though I loved her in The Mummy -RRB- . Worst of all was the Hokey love story that competed with -LRB- and often overshadowed -RRB- the military story line . Some of the graphics , especially some of the air attacks , were just hilarious , they looked like something in a cartoon . There were a lot of little historical inaccuracies that could be overlooked easily enough . Wartime footage shows the sun actually shining some during the Stalingrad campaign , though most of the action was set at night . There are advantages to daytime sniping , and that would have helped the overall drearyness of the movie . Even though I really liked the Russian sniper , the movie leads one to favor the German sniper and his side in general . I rented it , watched it three times , and am glad I did n't buy it .
 This movie is about as accurate as a blind man firing a zip gun . It deviates about as far as you can get from the truth and still be talkng about the same war , much less front . Almost every aspect of this movie is completely wrong . I would list them all except I would exceed the 1,000 words limit . But one very sore point
 The only reason I gave this film two stars is because of the interesting and suspenseful non-sniper battles , which really are n't much of the film . However , as soon as this movie moves from the battle fields to the relationship and human side , it loses all ground . The romance is trite , and the love triangle is even dumber . This movie tries so hard to have the gore and violence and shocks that Saving Private Ryan had , but there really are n't any characters to care about at all . Many of the human stories in the film have been so Hollywoodized that the film ends up being a trite war film about love instead of the tense sniper film that the previews made it out to be . Also , so many ideas are ripped off of other sniper films that it seems incredibly old . Many times in this movie I felt like I was watching much older films and reading many other books . The last thing I will say is that Enemy at the Gates could 've been much shorter , by about an hour . This movie is quite dissapointing and is n't near the caliber of any of the great war films like A Bridge Too Far or Bridge on the River Kwai . I reccommend that you see any of those older films before you spend ten dollars to see this one .
 The movie is great but you do not carry the DVD in Full screen . I do not like to watch this movie on a wide screen format . I would love to have this movie in my library if it was in full screen format .
 Just because you can do a thing does ' t mean you should . Which is too bad , because I like Ed Harris as a actor . But who 's the hero here ? The `` glorious heros of the soviet union ? '' or the `` evil '' nazi out for revenge for his son 's death ? The nazis come off as cartoon characters and the the soviets ? A hodge-podge of heavy english accents or very bad cartoon russian accents and acting that makes Borris Badinoff look good ... You can not produce goodness from the hearts of darkness and frankly that 's what both sides were . The battle for stalingrad was a nasty brutish affair conducted by two of the most evil political systems this world has seen ... Special effects , well golly gee whizzz and ho-hum . Just once I would like to see this computer generated crap done by someone who has actually been in a combat aircraft or fired a weapon and not gotten their ideas of `` the real thing '' from the digital mayhem of `` Pearl Harbor '' . Save yer money and time and get The Longest Day or The War Lover or anything else but ...
 what is this movie about ? - A history movie ? but it lacks of the truth of history.-A love story ? but it lacks of characters . The characters are too simple.What it 's amusing is the Hollywood style bluffing .
 Watched the movie yesterday ... It is an isult to every Russian . It was a great battle between The German 6th army and the Russian 62nd . As the result , 220 thousand German soldiers sarrended with their fieldmarshal . The commander of the Russian 62nd army was general Chuykov . Khruzhev had nothing to with it at all . Russian showned as a bunch of cretins . There is no army , no commanders , just dirty people etc. . The movie was made ... in Germany . No wonder . By the way , who won the war ? Who took Berlin ?
 this film could have had it all _ a gruesome battle in WWII , historical truth and a great beginning , the train ride , the crossing of the don , the attack in the city , it all promised a great war movie ... but then after the first encounter of danilo and zaitsev it just stops ! but not only that _ it also becomes extremely unrealistic.first _ the description of the `` stupid germans '' is boring , the german soldiers as well as the russian soldiers were not stupid ! second the uniforms and medals , especially the german , they are not only partly inaccurate , the negative highlight was when ed harris/major koenig spoke about his son who was killed and handed a medal down which he said was the iron cross of his son . but it was no iron cross , it was the german war merit award ! this is a stupid mistake and i can not forgive this , sorry for being picky ! this film is a wasted effort of making a hollywood-version of the german film `` stalingrad '' . , really.watch `` stalingrad '' instead , it is much better , or best , read one of these books , '' stalingrad '' by theodor plievier and `` stalingrad '' by anthony beevor . both are far better than 10 minutes of this film ... sorry .
 I purchased this movie based on the actors and the subject matter , figuring it was a ` no lose ' choice . Boy was I wrong ! For starters , the producers teleported Czar Nichola 's army of WW1 to WW2 Stalingrad . By 1942 the Russians were producing huge numbers of small arms and there was no need for succeeding waves of attacking soldiers to pick up weapons from the dead.From watching the movie you would think that Stalingrad was as desolate as the moon , not a city where 600,000 troops incessently fought over every inch for more than 6 months . The Russian snipers even have a cute tradition of walking through hundreds of metres of no man 's land to acquire their victim 's weapon . I do n't think so ! Of course the Russians are depicted as proud and brave , loyal to the Motherland , the Germans automata , if not outright buffoons . This despite the fact the sixth army was a shock army with the most experienced troops the Wermacht could offer.Half way thru the movie I wondered how a project with such potential could slip so badly . Then it hit me - it is n't a war movie with a love story subplot , but a love story in a war setting . In sum , I wish the money poorly spent on EATG had rather been used to create a better DVD version of Cross of Iron !
 This movie was poorly made , as in , it is one of the most historically inaccurate movies I have ever seen . Only Mel Gibsons Brave heart might be even less historically accurate than this . I do n't know why so many directors and writers have to put the stupid , stupid love triangle in a movie . All the kill moments were head shots . Again , Stupid . Granted , yes , it is a movie , but a movie is still a movie and some movies are just stupid . I bought this a couple years ago and I do n't think i have a greater regret in my life , than sitting down and watching this movie . Though i do enjoy Jude Law , and Ed Harris , i just think both characters were crap . Of course in the Typical Western movie style ; Germans are all evil Nazi monsters who eat children and execute everyone Mercilessly . The Russians are a proud people , that are `` Valiant and Honorable '' , yet committed the same , and worse War Crimes than the Nazi Germans did . Honestly , this movie was just terrible . Do n't waste your money . Maybe this is just my opinion.Historically Inaccurate , boring plot , stupid kill scenes , and A-Typical depiction of the Factions in the movie .
 Sound kept going in and out had to restart my system 3 times to get it to work . Never had a problem with other instant movie networks
 Despite a truly gifted cast , this film lacks the slightest hint of dramatic tension . I watched this film wondering how Jean-Jaques Annaud keeps getting backers for his projects . From the utterly boring `` Seven Years in Tibet '' to this overblown piece of junk he proves over and over that he is a sub-par filmaker who can not sustain suspense and has a hard time with character development . Although technically proficient , the film was not the least bit compelling and the characters motives are as blurry as a stained glass . Any director who can make Ed Harris seem so boring and conventional , should be thrown out of the guild for crimes against competent actors .
 I 'd been waiting for the release of this film for more than a year and I was completely frustrated with it when I finally saw it . The film does not do the least bit of justice to the actual fighting that took place in and around Stalingrad . There is not a hint of the suffering that millions experienced there . In the city itself , we see the Soviet troops drinking and singing every night as if they 're out for the happy hours after work.Just like many other big-budget movies , Enemy at the Gates is made up of modules . There is a love story , there is personal rivalry for the affection of the female character , a parallel personal rivalry between two snipers , etc. . There are only winners and losers , heroes and villains , or at best synthetic Hollywood characters.By the way , even though the story between Zaitsev and the German sniper is legendary , Anthony Beevor , the author of `` Stalingrad - The Fateful Siege '' says there is not a single mention of it in the archives , even though the slightest incident involving the sinpers was recorded by the Soviets for propaganda purposes . -LRB- In the 10-hour documentary `` Russia 's War '' , Zaitsev makes an appearance as an old man and retells the same story , though . -RRB- And also , Krushchev being sent there by Stalin to get things straight is utterly inaccurate historically.If you 're interested in not just another Hollywood movie but some insight as to how people lived through the siege under such extraordinary conditions , I highly recommend Vassily Grosmann 's novel `` Life and Fate '' , centered around the fighting in Stalingrad . As a Soviet war journalist , he spent a long time in the city during the siege and knew many of the leading snipers , including Zaitsev , personally.Lastly , The Soviet regime had a liking for glorifying superhuman amounts of work done by industrial workers before the war . The most famous such worker is Stakhanov , a miner who allegedly produced in a day an output equal to that his whole work team would produce in a week -LRB- or something like that -RRB- . `` Socialist competition '' , as it was called , then spread around the country with reports of how much coal a certain Ivan extracted in a certain coal mine every day in the newspapers . During Stalingrad , the same idea applied to snipers . The competition among snipers for the greatest number of Germans killed was reported with relish in the Red Army newspaper handed out to the troops . In short , Zaitsev was not the only sniper , nor did he actually kill the most . But he was the most well-known , for some reason.I give the film 2 stars because however frustrating it is , it was interesting to see the ruined city recreated . And the river-crossing scene at the beginning is also stunning .
 It is just bad . Really really bad . I bought it only because1 . It was under $ 5.00 and2 . My 65 year old father asked for it.Enough said .
 There is little positive to say about this movie . It does show a different front of world war II , which is always an interesting diversion from the typical ` Mericans vs. Nazi or Japanese plot . Also , choosing to focus on a sniper other than a generic soldier was a cool concept . Unfortunately , that 's where the positives end.Actors who are suppose to be Russian or German do n't speak their respective language , AND speak in English with British/American accents . Rough transition between scenes and plot points left me wondering `` wait , did I miss something ? '' . Shallow characters that make me feel indifferent whether they lived or died . A stupid , stupid love triangle that took focus away from the overall plot and served as a cue for over dramatic , generic score . Predictable battles , predictable ending , overall lame .
 A prime example of Hollywood 's taste for Art Direction over script . Sure , the city looks devastated , but all the Russians are happy-go-lucky sorts throughout . What is supposed to be devastation comes out seeming more like `` rustic charm . '' Starvation , disease , hopelessness ? Not here , it 's make-up for the ladies and dances every night!I 'm not against a love story , but pppllleeaaassee give it more depth than a late night episode of Elimidate . I 'm tired of seeing the same `` love at first sight '' garbage . As for the way `` they contrasted the two countries by making one sniper an aristocrat and the other a pig farmer '' -- ya , very moving , not since Rocky III where the Russian was training with high-tech equipment while Rocky was punching sides of beef have I been so moved by the subtle use of metaphor.And as for showing the `` realism '' of war ? Everytime people were gunned down they all died neatly or were wounded in that `` ouch I 'm limping '' kind of way . Odd , you 'd think a bullet tearing through flesh and bone would sorta make you scream uncontrollably . War here still looks like something you can tough your way through , when in reality it sends many of even the strongest souls whimpering into their pillow -LRB- read some Stephen Ambrose . -RRB- The worst offense of all though was making the entire Battle of Stalingrad about these two men . i do n't mean making the movie about them , I mean they literally made the entire battle hinge on who won the sniper 's duel-yes , forget the MILLIONS who struggled and died there , it 's the two with pretty eyes and strong jawlines who really matter . It 's amazing that people who thrill over the accuracy of the weapons here are willing to overlook the trivializing of the entire event . No , you do n't have to be historically accurate to the point of boredom , but you also do n't have to be historically inacurate to the point of insult and stupidity.In summary , if you thrilled to Pearl Harbor , you 'll love it here .
 There is a certain kind of war epic that I am uncomfortable reviewing . Enemy at the Gates is one of these . If it were a court case and I were a judge , I could excuse myself . Since it is n't , I 'll give it my best shot.If you look at the movies made prior to W.W.II , you wo n't find many war movies . Most of those that were made viewed war as either savage , pointless , or , at best , a necessary evil . Gone WIth the Wind is the most famous example . During W.W.II , Hollywood cranked out hundreds of war - themed films . This was only natural and was intended to boost both moral and patriotism . Despite how sanitized and unrealistic most of these were , I can appreciate how necessary they were and how they serve today as a vital record of the social structure of the time.W.W.II is still a valid and interesting theme , one which in recent years has inspired several brilliant movies , including Saving Private Ryan , Schindler 's List and Life is Beautiful . Enemy at the Gates , however , in no way deserves to be compared with them . It taked a script structured basically like the war movies of the 1940s and 1950s , then adds in all the graphic ` realism ' that modern technology allows . They must have ordered fake blood by the ton . That the results are expected to pass as entertainment suggests that all social changes over the decades are not positive ones.The movie takes place during the siege at Stalingrad , USSR in the winter of 1942 . This battle was at least as decisive as the Normandy Invasion -LSB- D-day -RSB- . It took a lot longer and the toll on civilians , as well as the military , was much higher . Because it involved mainly Russians and Germans , it is not that well known in America.For a time , it looked as though the Russians would be resoundingly defeated . One day they learned that a soldier named Vasili Zaitsey -LCB- Jude Law -RSB- was a great marksman . They transferred him to the sniper division where he killed scores of German soldiers and officers . The Russian publicity machine made him a hero , and his efforts may have played a role in turning the tide against the Germans . The Germans finally resorted to bringing in their best sniper , an aristocratic officer , Maj. Erwin Lonig -LSB- Ed Harris -RSB- . An elaborate game of cat and mouse followed . This part of the story is true . What is not true is a love triangle between Zaitsey , a fellow officer -LSB- Rachael Weisz -RSB- and Commissar Danilov -LSB- Joseph Fiennes -RSB- . There was a similar triangle in this year 's Pearl Harbor , and I guess the thinking is that , if worked for Titanic , it 'll work in any expensive historical epic.The cast is good , but as I watched , I could n't help thinking about the really great movies they have acted in . Titles like Shakespeare in Love , Elizabeth and Apollo 13 came to mind . Almost all of the characters speak with an upper-class English accent . This somehow sounded most unrealistic , as if members of the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art had decided to do a play about the Battle of Stalingrad . Like the rest of the movie , it made the mostly true story seem like fiction .
 This movie is proof Hollywood has alot of money for special effects with typically weak thin story with holes ; alot of the usual overwhelming background music and historical inaccurancies , ie . speaking to Kruschev on regular basis ; unrealistic sniping scenes ie . the shooting of a sniper jumping between building , a unrealistic one-sided portrayal of all Germans as heartless evil gestapo robots , and listening to this comic book dialogue ... Without the native language spoken the film 's credibility is compromised from the start but Americans hate reading subtitles . Obviously the authors of this boring bomb-dud were n't at all that well read . I believe Hollywood should outsource its big money to an European production to hire authentic German & Russian actors and maybe one of the great Polish directors . International production in this case for the world economy makes alot of sense in that it would give adult people a higher quality product & realistic historic portrayal .
 Just one more pseudo-historical , cynical and surreal nonsense , a slap in the face for me as a Russian ! Too bad I could n't give it MINUS FIVE stars ...
 Curiously unaffecting story involving the Battle of Stalingrad as a backdrop . In the forefront , there are two super-snipers gunning for each other
 Ok , lem me begin by explaining why i think this film is raping history . For those of you that havent read a book about Stalingrad and what REALLY happened there , it will will be hard to understand why this film is offensive and this must be said beforehand . But facts are facts , and no matter what Hollywood 's `` needs '' are when trying to score a box office hit i think it 's a sacrilege to the 100s of 1000s of ppl who lost their lives in that battle to do films like this one.First of all , if we are to take for granted what this film shows what happened was that the Russian army was an ill-trained bunch of peasants running mindlessly into machine gun fire . Also , while the Wermacht was roaming the city there is no Russian army to be seen defending it except for the odd sniper here or there , plus , the Russians are portrayed as an army equipped only with rifles when in reality they had some of the most advanced technology of the time both in hand weapons as well as in heavy weapons.The Stalingrad battle took place as much outside the city in the open steppes where 1000s of ppl died by freezing or starvation as well as inside the city where the battle was literally taking place face to face . There are accounts of German soldiers occupying the top 3 floors of a building and the Russians the bottom floors !!! All this , along with a plethora of other facts are spectacularly ABSENT from this film . But perhaps the most notable thing being absent from it is the fact that the German army was just as much in panic and despair as the Russian one could be if not more . All history accounts agree to the fact the Stalingrad was the personal hell of every German soldier , a fact also shining by its absence in this film . Even the story between the Russian and the German sniper is n't completely accurate but this is minor compared to the overall picture ... This is not the first time Hollywood butchers history nor will it be the last . And maybe Hollywood is actually improving when one thinks of the surreal distortion of history they did recently with `` Pearl Harbor '' ... So , any positive stuff concerning this flick ? Sure . Ed Harris gives his usual stunning performance . Jude Law is very good too allthough to me he hardly brought in mind a Russian , it looked more like a British soldier having a trasnfer over to the Red Army . The production -LRB- keeping in mind the overwhelming innacuracies -RRB- is incredible , and especially the depiction of the ruined city . The duel itself between the two snipers involved is superbly given and it 's probably the one thing that keeps this movie going . In that sense , think of this film more as a `` war thriller '' than a war film because the real Stalingrad story was many dozens of times more brutal than this and , as i mentioned above , totally different.And lastly , is ths film worth watching ? Yes , if you are aware WHAT it is you are watching . If you know you are watching a nicely filmed lie then yes . If not then no .
 Jean-Jacques Annaud directs this movie surrounding true characters and events during the WWII campaign for Stalingrad
 This could have been an excellent film . It should have focused entirely on the cat and mouse tactics employed by the German Major Konig -LRB- Ed Harris -RRB- and Soviet Vassily Zaitzev -LRB- Jude Law -RRB- , both snipers trying to bring the other out into the open . However , the film constantly shifts focus between the Soviet propaganda officer -LRB- Joseph Fiennes -RRB- and female Soviet soldier -LRB- Rachel Weisz -RRB- in a ridiculous love triangle . This totally destroys the pace of the film and detracts from its main subject . By the time of the denouement there is no emotion felt . The characters , the two protagonists , are never given any real depth to lend meaning to their actions and motivations . The only emotion felt , is delivered by James Horner 's score during the scenes when the two men actually do confront each other . This film is an example of a lost opportunity .
 Some facts are taken from the real history , then exaggerated , distorted or falsified . Russians would have never won this one of the greatest battles in the world history if they were such idiots as they are shown in this movie . The only worthy episode in the film is the strange sexy scene between main characters . The principal actors play OK . Especially I liked Ed Harris .
 Some of the top Amazon reviews of this picture praise Hollywood for making a war film about the Russian front . This was certainly the decisive battlefield in my opinion and has been underrepresented in Western film . Judging simply from Hollywood films , you ` ld think the war was won when Rommel was thrown out of North Africa or when Tom Hanks landed on Omaha Beach . From my perspective , however , if this film is the best Hollywood can do to tell the story of the fighting on the Eastern front , they should n't bother . The basic premise of this film is a tale of two snipers hunting each other in the the ruins of Stalingrad . The Soviet sniper has killed many German officers , and the Germans has brought in a specialist from Berlin to counter him . Throw in a beautiful love interest , and you have the makings of a war melodrama . This film has so many flaws that my 2-star rating is generous . First , there are so many historical inaccuracies in this film that it has negative historical merit . That is , after watching this film , you 'll know less about Stalingrad and the Eastern Front than before watching this film . Almost every bit of historical information in this film is wrong . A well made war movie should , in my opinion , try to retain as much historical accuracy as possible so that the viewer can both get a feel for the action and a learn something in the process . I 'm not going to list everything that is wrong with this film -LRB- e.g. the Sniper Division ?!?!?!?!? -RRB- , but a five minute perusal of the Wikipedia entry on Stalingrad after watching this film will show you the gross inaccuracies . For a serious student of WWII , this film is an insult . Second , putting aside the historical inaccuracies , the story is overly melodramatic and simply dull . I did n't find the characters interesting , compelling , or believable . The director 's attempts to portray the magnitude of the violence on the Eastern front were simply laughable . This film conveys none of the emotional impact of films such as Saving Private Ryan . This whole film feels like a video game . The love triangle aspect does n't play out well , and the self-doubt of the characters gives the whole film an air of pretentiousness . It certainly does not make the characters more human , it makes them less interesting.Bottom line - if you are an even somewhat serious student of WWII , I would n't waste my time watching this even as a rental . I strongly discourage anyone from actually buying this DVD , a waste of money . I give this film 2 stars because I 've seen worse , but there is n't much here .
 A good movie subject , but a poor movie . Should have skipped the love story and focused more on the battle . Seemed too upbeat at points for a war movie . Did n't let you get too involved in the story . Not suspensfull enough for a story of two snipers fighting each other .
 This was one of those movies that should have remained as a trailer and never been shown with dialogue . The reason I gave this two and not one star was that at times this was a very appealing movie visually . Then however , the characters opened their mouths . Now , I realize that this was made in Hollywood , and I was n't expecting the characters to speak Russian , or even have Russian accents . But both of the main characters spoke in British accents , and I just could n't get past this . I mean nothing is absolutely worse than trying to imagine the horror of what the war must have like for the Russian defenders , and trying to get into their shoes , but then they 're calling each other `` comrade '' with British accents -LRB- for the love of God why not a good neutral accent ? -RRB- . As for the rest of the movie , there 's one scene that was so unbelievably stupid that it made me want to get up and leave the theater . Not to give anything away , but two of the snipers attempt to sneak up on a master sniper by crawling through a pipe that made so much noise that it would have been impossible not to hear -- and then they 're surprised that they end up being ambused after they emerge from the pipe . This scene was absolutely inexcusable . I do n't expect everything to be realistic , but this went to the point of insulting the intelligence of the viewer . Overall , this movie was an insult to the war genre . The great visual effects in the trailer raised my hopes , just to have the movie horribly disappoint me . Instead of buying this , please just watch Private Ryan again .
 unfortunately i had to give it one star , it deserves none . not since the movie '' battle of the bulge '' have i seen a film miss it 's claim '' the true story '' so badly . the constant time-outs for the rest of the men in stalingrad when the snipers were hunting , seeking out their trophies , or as in the end , out in the open where they would have been cut down by any one of the hundreds , thousands , etc. of others there . good idea to tell the story of stalingrad , but at least come close to the truth . another story that fans of true history should beg speilberg and hanks to do . they seem to have gotten their last effort right -LRB- band of brothers -RRB- . the bulge would be a good one for them too .
 Sorry , I read the high ratings but the movie lacked interest , action and empathy . It was slow boring and lacked the spark that made you want to see what was coming up next . How can so many people be wrong , it must be me . I suggest you RENT BUT DO N'T BUY
 This was a good movie , but it could have been so much better . The British accents were a big disappointment for me , they really took away alot of realism . They could have done it Red October style , with the Russians actually speaking Russian , then do a close up of the mouth , then you hear english . With British accents I 'm expecting John Cleese and Michael Palin to come out and do the `` Parrot Sketch '' . Visually the beginning of the movie was the best part , the chaos and horror of war is right there in your face . then we focus on 2 snipers , as if the battle for Stalingrad depends on them , not likely . The child character was very corny . A British Brady kid if I ever saw one . And was the stupid love triangle really neccassary . Its soul purpose was to attract more females to movie , nothing more . All in all this movie gets 1 star for bieng visually amazing , but the rest was awful .
 I feel awkward stating this , but I honestly found no realism in the movie Enemy at the Gates . Sure , this was a great movie for passing the time , great action , fine acting , and so forth . The truth is the whole plotline is false , not that they ever truly claim it to be based on a true story . He is one soldier , one of millions in Soviet army . They sadly idolize Zaitsev as the hero of Soviet . The truth was , there would be little knowledge of him around Soviet Union at the time . Maybe the area sure , but the truth was the movie acted as if he would turn the war around .
 Formulaic . Dull . Insipid.One Sore Thumb Down ... -LRB- Too Much Fast Forwarding . . -RRB-
 I guess the pitch meeting made it look great
 While I was excited to see Jude Law and Joseph Fiennes in the same movie , ` Enemy at the Gates ' still managed to disappoint me both in plot and acting . This movie is another in the series of easily predictable cookie cutter ` war/love ' films to come out of Hollywood . Peppered with irrelevant metaphors of wolves and donkeys , I found myself laughing at the moments that were supposed to be serious . For example , Danilov says , ` What we need is a hero . ' Khrushchev sarcastically replies , ` Do you know any heroes ? ' Danilov answers , ` I know one . ' Please , this scene happens in every movie . Naturally after that conversation , the camera moves to the main character , who is also the ` hero ' previously talked about . As for the romance , it was completely unnecessary . The romance was so forced . There were no sparks between Jude Law and Rachel Weisz . The love scene in the barracks was completely unbelievable as well as unpassionate . First , I thought it was totally lame that they make the girl start it especially if we 're supposed to believe that she 's a virgin . Second , she looked as if she were in pain during the whole sex part and if they were really in love , he would act like he cared instead of pounding away . Third , like the guy walking through would n't notice , let 's get realistic here.I personally think that I may have enjoyed the movie if Tania character were a guy or not in the movie at all . The love was not only forced , but was completely unnecessary and took away from the movie instead of making it better . Her character was a complete stereotype the ` smart strong independent coy tomboy . ' How she was going to be involved was so obvious and bland . I was relieved when she got shot , I thought there was going to be a plot twist , but alas she miraculously bounced back to perfect health in some random hospital . It was clear that the love part of the movie was in it because it was part of this equation that supposedly equals ` good epic film . ' Visually , I got pretty tired of the shaking and moving camera during fight scenes and scenes with sniper stuff . I know that it was supposed to create confusion and discomfort like the characters feel , but it did n't work for me for over two hours . I did however , really like the fonts that they used on screen in the beginning and again in the credits in the end . I think those parts were visually well done . The favorite part of the movie was the part with the map and the Nazi regime looking like black blood infesting Europe . I thought that was a great visual representation of what was happening at that time . The only scene that had any positive impact on me was the beginning when all the soldiers were being forced out of the train to battle to fight and most likely die . That scene was pretty well done but the blood explosions in slow motion were a little too much . This movie was trying to be a riveting ` epic film ' geared toward everyone with war and explosions for guys and love and ` hot guys ' for girls . With all these supposedly promising ingredients the film did n't work because there was no chemistry between Fiennes and Law or between Law and Weisz . This is a hard thing to not have because they were trying to portray these dramatic roles that were very heavy and serious but instead the acting and ` love ' scenes made me laugh instead of identify with them.Not only was I thoroughly unimpressed , I was disgusted . A total waste of 2 hours ... DONT see it .
 This movie has only three things going for it , the set , the set and also the set and that is why I give it one star instead of none ... The epic war scenes of the Russian soldiers attackinga cptured Staligrad are absolutely fabulous and appear to be so tru to life that one can actually feel like one of the young Russian soldiers being used as cannon fodder.One other notable bright light in this movie is Ed Harris as the Nazi sniper sent to kill the young backwoods Russian sniper ... What makes me vomit is the stupid love story in the middle of the movie ... . really now ... . it does n't add anything to the story and trying to make us think there were female snipers on the Russian front during WW II ... . well , you 'll probably convince me of the existence of the tooth fairy first ... I guess the best way to sum it up is that this movie is a ` Schindlers List , SPR , Apocalypse Now , type of epic movie that has ghad a lobotomy ...
 I have this theory that the better the movie , the more disjointed andscattered the supporting material is on the DVD . Hannibal had hoursof slick promo interviews -- so does Enemy At The Gates . I satthrough it anyway.To be kind , it lacks the visceral kick of PrivateRyan , or the emotional insight of Thin Red Line.But to be blunt : What were they thinking?A cast of competent actors can not save thiscliche ridden nonsense . Every scene is an exercise innon-directing/non-writing/non-acting / non-film-making . The story isbased on real incidents but not happy to leave well enough alone , Annaud has decided to seek a greater truth -- i.e. change it all andmess it up in the process.What we are left with are all the badmoments in movies strung together -- a love triangle , a dramaticslaughter of troops charging across red square , blah blah blah.Thecast seems to have no idea why they 're there . You get the feelingthey had no rehearsal time , no discussion about scenes , wereimprovising the script , and had no idea that they were actually goingto use the takes they were shooting.Why two stars instead of one?Well it looks nice . The photography and effects are appropriate , notobtrusive.And Bob Hoskins was good .
 I just saw this movie and read all the reviews . Was Koenig -LRB- played by Ed Harris -RRB- an American who defected to Germany ? No one commented on his utter lack of any accent or effort to even make an accent up . Jude Law is an excellent actor , but hey , if youre such a highly trained actor where was your linguist coach too ? I wasnt aware that Russians also had English accents . The movie itself -LRB- although hardly historically correct -RRB- wasnt too bad . Unfortunately , it was the director who ruined it . He should have insisted these actors try to use or get dialect coaching to bring more realism to it . I just couldnt bring myself to believe that I was watching a real German sniper going after a Russian one . Suspension of disbelief is one thing , but this is rediculous .
 Judging from the trailer , I thought this was going to be another film in the mould of Saving Private Ryan , except with the action taking place on the eastern front in Stalingrad . I should have known better . With heart-throb duo , Jude Law and Joseph Fiennes heading up the cast with their dreamy looks , Enemy at the Gates is not really war movie at all but a far-fetched , wafer-thin romantic `` chickflick '' with a few battle scenes thrown in to provide the historical setting . They should n't have bothered . I was bitterly disappointed . It starts promisingly enough but after about half an hour leaves you fumbling for the vom bucket . I hope Pearl Harbour is n't as bad as this , which is the kind of thing that makes you want to watch the entire Sam Pekinpah back-catalogue in one sitting .
 Based on an actual incident during World War II , this could have been an excellent film . It should have focused entirely on the cat and mouse tactics employed by the German Major Konig -LRB- Ed Harris -RRB- and Soviet Vassily Zaitzev -LRB- Jude Law -RRB- , both snipers trying to bring the other out into the open . However , the film constantly shifts focus between the Soviet propaganda officer -LRB- Joseph Fiennes -RRB- and female Soviet soldier -LRB- Rachel Weisz -RRB- in a ridiculous love triangle . This totally destroys the pace of the film and detracts from its main subject . By the time of the denouement there is no emotion felt . The characters , the two protagonists , are never given any real depth to lend meaning to their actions and motivations . The only emotion felt , is delivered by James Horner 's score during the scenes when the two men actually do confront each other . When I think about it , the scenes with Major Konig and the young Russian boy should also have been explored much deeper . Their relationship was in an allegorical sense greater than Konig 's duel with Zaitzev 's . It presented moral questions on the conduct of war , which are actually disturbing to watch . This film is an example of many lost opportunities . The DVD transfer is good and it does seem to play better on TV than in it did in the theatre . The extras include deleted scenes and a feature on the making of the film .
 I waited for this movie to come out when I first heard about it , and even bought the book . The movie turned out to be mostly fluff . Effeminate characters and a fabricated love story subplot pretty much ruined it for me .
 So at last they made a World War Two movie which actually involves other countries apart from the American and British armies.I was so looking forward to this film yet I have to say I came away a bit dissappointed with it.They say the battle of Stalingrad was one of the main turning points of the war.While all war is surely horrific-many historians have claimed that this long battle was one of the worst ever fought.Having read Anthony Beevoirs book I can well believe it.So to make a film on this was obviously going to be a very ambitious project and ultimately I think Jean-Jacques Annaud fails to capture the full horror.The film sets are terrific and some of the battle scenes are very realistic.The re-creation of Stalingrad was also very impressive.The film falls down because it tries to protray that a duel between two snipers would have a very telling effect on the whole outcome of the battle.The Russian sniper , Zaitsev , played by Jude Law has become a hero to the Russian troops.His fortunes are so important that they dictate the morale of the Russian soldiers.The German 's are anxious to eliminate him so they send over their top marksman Koenig , played by Ed Harris to do the job.At first the duels and close shaves between these two characters are quite interesting and tense.After a while it all becomes pretty boring and you do n't really care what happens to either of the characters.They then throw in a few sub-plots of love , jealousy , suspicion etc.These come about when Rachel Weisz who plays a Russian sniper-yet you never see her use a gun once-falls in love with Zaitsev.This enrages Joseph Fiennes who is also in love with her himself.The thing is he created the myth surrounding Zaitsev and it is this myth that first attracts Weisz.Added to this you have the pressure Fiennes is under from the soon to be banging his shoe on a U.N. table Nikita Kruschev-who I have to say is almost -LRB- Undeliberately -RRB- comically played by Bob Hoskins.With all of these subplots I think it underplays the whole scenario as to what happened in this battle.Rarely do you see widespread horrors that all historians claim there was.The citizens of the city seem to be able to get on with their normal lives and have no problems getting food or keeping warm or even having electricity!The battles themselves seem to have very small numbers and would not be on the grand scale used by Spielberg in the Private Ryan film.The detailed recreation of the city is quite amazing though-the rubble on the streets , the derilict buildings and the mud everywhere feel is quite impressive.Another negative aspect to the film I believe is the dialogue.It never really flows at all and makes all the interaction between the characters quite stilted.Instead of having the usual American accents all the characters seem to have substituted them for British ones-Laws cockney accent being particularly ridiculous.So all in all I do n't think this movie ever really flows at all.It has it 's high points and moments of drama but overall I was a bit dissappointed in it .
 The name of this movie comes from the non-fiction book by the same name about the battle of Stalingrad which devotes only a couple of pages to Zaitsev and his feats . The movie actually follows more closely the novel , War of the Rats , by David L. Robbins . The novel is excellent and the start of the movie was such that I though we finally had a movie that was going to follow the book . But , alas , that was not to be . After the initial scenes it became the typical Hollywoodized war flick that mangled the book from which it was adapted . Some of the people were there but were it not for their names I 'd have not known who they were supposed to be.If you 're looking for a war movie with some impressive sets then you 'll enjoy it but if you 're looking to learn anything about the true battle of Stalingrad , forget it . This movie is at best worth the price of an evening 's rental . That 's how I first saw it and in my opinion it 's worth no more than that and certainly is n't worth purchasing .
 First of all , this is NOT the story of the seige of Stalingrad and never comes close to telling the story of that pivotal battle . At best , it is a made up war-romance , comrades in-arms tale with a historical figure , Vasilly Zaitzev , at the center.Not a bad movie , but not a very good one either.The first 10-20 minutes of the film are pretty good . The footage of Stukas attacking Soviet troops as they make the crossing into Stalingrad was terrific . The film , on the whole , loses track of itself in my view and becomes a mish-mash of contrived sub-plots . It 's not nearly as bad as that god-aweful Pearl Harbor movie with Ben Affleck but it ai n't very good.The story of the defense of Stalingrad is one of the most compelling and dramatic of the war . This movie really tells none of that story other than to bring the Soviet war-hero/sniper Vasilly Zeitzev to the attention of people who otherwise would n't know who he is . The storyline regarding the SS sniper who hunts Zeitzev in Slalingrad -LRB- Ed Harris -RRB- is more mythology than history - - there were stories and rumors about it at the time , but there 's scant historical record suggesting that the Germans actually dispatched anybody to try to do Zeitzev in.After a couple of hours of watching Jude Law 's Zeitzev knocking off German officers one at a time , and gawking at the love triangle sub-plot that basically wrecks half the film , we learn as the credits start to roll that Russians win the day and beat back the Germans with absolutely no portion of the story devoted to explaining how that actually happened . Somewhere between 1 and 2 million people died in Stalingrad in the battle that wiped out the German 6th army and pretty much made a German defeat inevitable and the movie really does n't tell that story . Too bad . This could have been a great movie .
 Based on surface look alone , Enemy at the Gates is an impressive production with excellent visuals and a high-caliber cast and crew . Unfortunately , despite the hefty pricetag and technical merit , the film is mostly a mediocre accomplishment , and really , almost all the main cast and crew are at fault.Gates does begin in a very promising fashion . After the flashback pre-credits opening scene , we 're thrust into the mayhem of the battle of Stalingrad , and in this seven-minute setpiece , director Jean-Jacques Annaud captures the chaos , the terror , and the outright horror of the fighting , stumbling only when he decides to let James Horner 's score drown out every other sound -LRB- why is it directors these days feel the need to employ this method ? -RRB- -LRB- worse yet , Horner 's score in this scene sounds far too similar to John Williams ' work in Schindler 's List -RRB- . From there , the film narrows its focus to two central characters , the sniper Vassili Zaitsev -LRB- Jude Law -RRB- and his opponent , Major Konig -LRB- Ed Harris -RRB- . The rest of the film is a game of cat-and-mouse , as well as a tacked on love story that occasionally plays in between the sniper sequences.As far as war films go , Enemy at the Gates fails to deliver . Once again , another film that seems to promise to show the graphic horrors and epic scale of the battle of Stalingrad merely uses it as a backdrop -LRB- the other film would be Stalingrad -RRB- . True , the sniper hunts are fairly riveting in a visceral manner , but never truly engaging because you do n't feel for the protagonist . This is mostly the script 's fault , which does n't give Jude Law the opportunity to develop into a full-fledged , three-dimensional character . All we really learn about this guy is his lack of self-confidence , and even though he might be scared , the suspense is confined to a minimum because the outcome of the situation is never in doubt.Ed Harris , unsurprisingly , fares much better as the villain of the picture . Actually , despite playing the obvious bad guy , he creates a rather complex character who is n't as unfeeling and inhumane as he may initially seem . Unfortunately , director Annaud must have been afraid we would have sympathized with him too much so he turns him into a typical monster by the end , definitely the worst move the film makes.The love story honestly is n't of much interest . Law and Rachel Weisz have zero romantic chemistry and every scene that focuses on these two is a complete bore . Joseph Fiennes is on hand to be the third wheel of this supposed love triangle , but nobody else in the film seems to want him around , so why bother?Gates is marred by all sorts of little problems . The editing and pacing is off ; for instance , one scene features a Russian sniper briefly leaving his post , then the next , he 's suddenly in German hands . We never see him get caught , we 're just told so . The sudden move from one place to another occurs often among the characters ; it 's rather jarring and not necessarily believable considering the snipers that are lying in wait to pick off trespassers.The film never works as an anti-war stance , in spite of the grim tone and the bloody violence , it fails as a romance , and as a game of cat-and-mouse , you never feel the stakes to be as high as they should and you find yourself rooting for the villain because he feels more human and believable -LRB- for the majority of the running time , at least -RRB- than our so-called hero . For all the elements I listed above , you can find more effective films that employ them with more precision and entertainment value . Enemy at the Gates is really just a forgettable war film . ** 1/2 out of *****
 I fell for the hype and went out to see this movie a few weeks ago . What bugs me the most is that every time this movie is mentioned saving private ryan is as well . It is by no means comparable to saving private ryan . The film is often slow and boring , after the opening few scenes the rest of film was a cat and mouse game between two snipers . Another problem with the film that made it hard to get excited about is the fact the main characters are supposed to be Russian 's , but they speak with English accents . Not that the acting was bad I just could n't get past the accents .
 Finally , we have a Hollywood produced film with a story based on a major battle on the Eastern Front of WWII . However , please note that this is a film based on fiction only . Though Vasily Zaitsev was a real person and a formidable Russian sniper at Stalingrad , there is no existing documentary proof that any German sniper was specially assigned and sent from Berlin to annihilate him -LRB- you may call that `` legendary '' German sniper Wehrmacht Major Konig or Konings or SS Colonel Thorwald or whatever name he was given -RRB- and that the duel between him and that German specialist sniper had ever taken place . That story behind the duel was based entirely on Soviet propaganda which glorified the superhuman prowess of the Red Army . The battle of Stalingrad was a catastrophe for the Germans caused by Hitler 's blunder . However , it was not the turning point of WWII in Europe as such . The true turning point was the battle of Moscow after which it was no longer militarily possible for Germany to defeat the Soviet Union and the only chance of winning the war for Germany had been thrown away . How could or would you expect the Soviet Union or Stalin `` to save the world '' by holding on at Stalingrad and defeating the Germans there when the Soviet Union was as evil an empire as the Third Reich ? Stalin was no better if not much worse than Hitler in the treatment of his own citizens and his ambition to propagate Communism throughout the world . -LRB- Please refer to the famine in Ukraine in the 1930s , the Nazi Soviet Pact in 1939 , the Soviet annexation of the 3 Baltic states and the invasion of Finland in 1940 -RRB- . The film was well made with great special effects and the scene of the transferring of troops across the Volga river was spectacular . The setting of the film resembled very much the true battlefield of Stalingrad . That was very impressive . However , more emphasis should have been placed on the battlefield on a grand scale and the fighting spirits and sufferings of soldiers of both sides instead of the duel itself . Snipers per sec do not and can not win a war . The ordinary foot soldiers should deserve the credit . That is particular true for the battle of Stalingrad .
 This is maybe the most disappointing film by Annaud . Great history deflated to a boring love blahblah on war background in embarassingly badly crafted d&eacute;cor - reminds of Spartacus movies of the 50ies or the first Star Trek serials with plastic rocks flying around . Very listless . Dully played by most of the actors . If something is mud and dirty - must be Russian . Annaud proves this beautiful attitude once again.PS
 Hollywood goes to Stalingrad . Except for the names of the individuals involved and the background situation `` Enemy at the Gates '' is just a made up Hollywood story ; and a very mediocre one at that . They should of had the integrity to either tell it like it was -LRB- which by the way would have made a much better story as well -RRB- or they should at least have had the integrity to change the names . Yet another case of Hollywood miseducation . No wonder Americans are so clueless about history , geography , ...
 Apparently this movie is getting big laughs in Russia . See the Moscow Times for a review
 I was so excited to sit down and watch what I thought was going to be a recreation of one of the most important duels not only in WWII but in any war . However , after sitting through this two-hour plus movie , I was more disappointed than anything . Half the movie is building up a love story that frankly has nothing to do with what happened during this historical event . It drags the movie and was insulting to a historian like myself.Secondly , If you are going to base a movie on a historical event , the least the director could do is get the ending correct . Instead of making a partially correct ending so he or she could ad some Hollywood flare.Finally , I just could n't get serious about a war movie where Germans are speaking English . This was a big factor in my displeasure of the movie.Overall , for those who know nothing about the historical background of the movie , you just might enjoy it . Those looking for a solid war movie , might get disappointed by the non-stop inclusion of scenes dedicated to building up the love story . It 's unfortunate that such a great true life story had to be butchered , one day maybe someone will get it right .
 Besides a great cast , excellent special effects , and a tremendous amount of history to draw upon , this fictitious love story set in the calamity that was the Battle of Stalingrad comes across as rather weak . Read Antony Beevor 's book `` Stalingrad , the fateful siege '' instead .
 I did n't come away from this movie feeling it was a complete waste of time but it was a waste of resources , $ 90million worth on sets and costumes and authenticity for a basically theatrical production . All the actors put in good performances particularly ed harris . The film basically never gets to grips with its material or the setting . Are we grateful to the russians for saving us from fascism and being utterly cruel and heartless in the process or should we revile them as they were in the cold war ? This is not a dilemma the film answers but just raises over and over while pointing out these are all people who love and hate and are weak and strong and they are in a war , apart from that the war could be anywhere . Lack of vision is what i 'm talking about . For example the film actually opens to tell how far the `` german jackboot '' has put its heel into Europes back , well so what if you were unaware of a war in Russia or a place called Stalingrad in history this piece of information is next to useless to citizens of 2001 . It is clumsy and at best school room history . Then theres the whole issue of the central character and his conscience over killing so many for whatever cause . Little effort is made to see inside the characters beyond some minor lines about the obvious side of killing for example Zaitsev explains to a would be sniper that these are real people they are killing but he could be talking about buying cucmbers at the supermarket for all his zeal in the task . The script is poor and does no service for a new europe seeking truths in the past for all that the film is just another technical production success with a well acted drama element not untypical of a tv show like wings of war . I particularly enjoyed the romance section of the film even if cliched
 The opening battle scene is very well done and throughout the movie there are some very interesting scenes but , as with so many movies , its potential was not realized to make the movie more inviting to as wide an audience base as possible . There was too much emphasis placed on the `` love interest '' part of the story and not enough on the actual battle itself . The duel between the snipers was good but because we have to sit through all the `` love interest '' parts the duel becomes overly long and towards the end you just want one of them to get shot so it will be over . Finally , when we do get to the climax of the duel it is heavily dipped in Hollywood instead of ending it the way it is written in the histories.As with so many war movies the director , even if the intention is to honor those who fought and died , seem to be saying , `` Thanks for all your sacrifice , but would n't it have been better and more exciting if it had happened this way ? ''
 I was `` temping '' at Sovietski Collection Imports when a huge order arrived for WWll era uniforms and props . They were to outfit an upcoming film about the snipers of the Battle of Stalingrad ! Not a documentary , but a full length Major Motion Picture ! I could hardly contain my excitement waiting for its debut ; it was gon na be so awesome ... ! It could have been , but alas , it was n't . Anyone remember the Aesop 's fable wherein a farmer permits a fox , closely pursued by hunters , to hide in his barn ? Then the farmer loudly tells the hunters he has seen no fox , all the while winking and gesturing toward the barn . The hunters depart , not getting the message . As the fox takes her leave , the farmer berates her for showing no gratitude . `` I would be more grateful , '' she replies , `` if only your body language had been as helpful as your words . '' Likewise , `` Enemy at the Gates '' gets a star of gratitude for recognizing the enormous Soviet contribution to the Victory , and for its portrayal of sympathetic Russian and Ukrainian heroes based on real people . But , like Aesop 's fox , I 'm unimpressed by its overall body language.OK , I did n't expect strict historical accuracy from Jean-Jacques Annaud . After all , he had previously given us that ludicrously un-natural `` nature '' film of a male bear nurturing an orphan cub ! One expects Hollywood fantasy to pervade even `` realistic '' movies . The fact that EATG 's famous duel likely never occured does not detract from the overall story . Silly melodrama , banal dialogue , distracting accents , and unbelievable actions , to a greater degree , do . But I could have overlooked those . I could even forgive the unrealistic suspensions of fighting which occur each time the snipers take to the streets . Because EATG gives us the immensely interesting Stalingrad setting , complete with long overdue Eastern Front heroes for us to root for ! But wait ... all is not what it seems . Unfortunately , its overwhelming amount of heavyhanded russophobic propaganda suggests that the producers ' fear , like that of Aesop 's farmer , was being pegged an `` enemy collaborator . '' And unlike the hunters in the fable , the audience ca n't possibly miss the -LRB- wink , nudge -RRB- `` message . `` I could cite dozens of examples , but here are just a few , crafted to create a politically-correct counterbalance of Russian incompetance and callousness
 I could n't wait to watch this film
 The movie had great potential even though it was based on partially true events . Anyway , the movie starts as Vassili Zaitsev is going to the front padlocked in a boxcar . This was the first thing I noticed that was insulting to my country and its history . The portrayal of my grandfathers that fought in this battle as ill-equipped frightened cattle . This is pure BS , if anyone has ever read a non-fiction account of this battle or seen a documentary about this battle then they know that what they show on the screen is pure crap . History has shown that Soviet soldiers were n't so frightened and ill-equipped when compared the the `` MIGHTY '' Wehrmacht . The first 30 minutes of the film insulted me on such a level that I had no interest in watching the rest of this bland and worthless film . In the first scene , supposedly you see the Red army in action . What you are really seeing is an NKVD penal unit charging across `` Red Square . '' into the german machine guns which of course decimate the soldiers and then as they retreat their own officers -LRB- aka executioners ? -RRB- mow down the rest . the Red army never fought like this . The Penal units of the NKVD did-however shooting retreating soldiers on such a scale was never done . Who in the already dwindling 62nd army had time to waste more men for nothing ? Besides , Stalingrad was not fought charging across squares-it was fought within houses , rooms , factories all in brutal close quarters fighting . The Specialties of the Soviet soldiers
 Besides the fact that it was boring and the story was not compelling , it was impossible to get past the actors ' very British accents-you just can not believe these people are Russian . This fact alone destroys this movie completely . Do n't waste your time or money , rent Private Ryan instead .
 Judging by all the comments made about the historical innacuracy of this film -LRB- somehow the outcome of biggest battle in the history of the world hinges on the personal gun duel between a Russian speaking with an English accent and a German speaking with an American accent -RRB- , or the hackneyed way the contrived romance displaces what ought to be the real story in the movie -LRB- the sniper duel -RRB- , I still rented this movie hoping that I would like it.To be honest , there were some very fascinating parts of this film -- even the innactuarate ones like the nonsensical opening phase of the film is still interesting to watch.The sniper scenes are also interesting to watch , however I doubt that a huge battle between several hundred thousands of soldiers would suddenly cease just so that a sniper duel between two people can have greater dramatic tension . There are many points when the snipers reveal themselves in the open where , although perhaps invulnerable to each other , would make wonderful targets for other soldiers , including other snipers.I also found the ending very odd . I got the impression that when the Russians were evacuating the city across the Volga river , that the Germans were poised for victory . Suddenly , the movie cuts to the next scene where somehow the Germans lost . Although this is true historically , the movie offers no context or explanation for the sudden change in fortune . In reality the change in fortune came about because of large Russian army counterattacks on an overextended German line , but the movie tries to tell you that the battle was decided one the Russian sniper bested the German sniper.PLEASE.Overall , an okay movie . My boyfriend majors in european history and he was more disappointed in this movie than I. I could stand the romance , however the way it was played was too cutesy and unlikely . This movie is a throw-away popcorn flick that for some reason thinks it 's better than it really is . A wannabe epic in the Pearl Harbor -LRB- 2001 -RRB- vein .
 A film which is meant to dramatise the battle of Stalingrad . Naturally it is hard to portray a battle of the complexity of Stalingrad do that instead we focus on two snipers one Russian and one German trying to kill each other . The Russian sniper has been built up by their propaganda as a sort of superman and is somehow vital t the war effort . The German is a cunning professional from a military school.The film is however dreadful . One wonders why people make films which bear so little resemblance to the events they are portraying . After the disasters of the Kharkov and Kerch Penisula offensives the Russians fought the Stalingrad campaign cautiously . They held the city of Stalingrad with limited forces whist building up a huge counter attack on the plains surrounding the city . The Russians turned every building into a fortress and by staging counter attacks at night and using multi story building to negate the advantage of German tanks . The film however portrays the Russians as dullards mounting attacks in which massed infantry rush well entrenched infantry positions . Half of the Russians are not even armed . One wonders if the film makers ever read anything about the actual campaign or the mechanics of the fighting.The film is also anti communist , but the message of anti communism is at the intellectual level of a Marvel Comic book . Characters declaim how they once believed in setting up a classless society but now they realise how wrong they were . There is one scene in which soldiers retreating from an unsuccessful attack are machine gunned by their own officers . Another character with metal teeth describes how his teeth were hit out by a hammer as a punishment . The message is ham fisted , unrealistic and detracts from the flow of the film.The main character played by Jude Law is a peasant who did some shooting before the war . He develops quickly as a sniper because of his skills . It is noticeable that when stupid people write films they have problems in portraying peasants and working class people . This is no exception , Law plays his character as a sort of amiable simpleton . There is not sense that a person who is a peasant can have a sense of humour an intelligent grasp of his surroundings or even be cynical about his surroundings.Whilst the scenes devoted to the main characters Jude Law and Ed Harris are good , the rest of the film does not rise above tedium . The film is marred by its lack of historical accuracy , its preachyness and the cardboard nature of its characters . The only bright spot is Bob Hoskins playing Nikita Krushev as a Mafia Hood .
 I have decided to let this one go out in order to express my almost total resentment from the film and to authentically put into words my true emotions . I hope it would help you understand why you should not see this movie . By and large , I hate the after-feeling of watching a real bad movie . This motion picture generated that feeling - do n't let it do the same for you . Let my redeeming be in the form of preventing you from sharing my misfortune . In case you have n't heard , this film was a disaster at the box office -LRB- which is , surprisingly enough for some , quite a good criterion in this case ... -RRB- , and that according to critics the story was weak and lame - they were right all along ; This film has no standing ability whatsoever . The idea of making a movie about the eastern flank battles in WWII is interesting and welcomed on its own - but what about the rest of the story ? What about a decent plot ? What about acting ? In my opinion , what they had decided to do here was to ride success wave of `` Saving Private Ryan '' -LRB- SPR -RRB- - somebody wanted to make some money and found a way
 I thought that someone trying to make a period film would do at least some reading about the period and/or the historical events . Boy , I was wrong . The creators ' ignorance is amazing . I bet they did not even bother to speak to any person knowledgeable about the WW 2 or Red Army . Most of the plot and relationships -LRB- except the snipers ' scenes -RRB- is simply unbelievable , irritatingly irrational , and historically wrong to the extent of grotesque and farce.Sure , there is occasional decent acting and some special effects , though the effects are much less convincing than those in much older `` Saving Private Ryan '' or `` Black Hawk Down . '' If you have seen those two great movies , you will not like this one . Avoid at all cost !
 I had high hopes for this because I usually love Jude Law movies . This is just one long , drawn-out , boring , one-dimensional war movie . Some nice score , some cool sound effects for your home theatre system , but that 's about it .
 This film as a weak plot and a realy stupid love circle which goes way of the actual events that took place a the Battle for Stanlingrad all and all its realy stupid.But there is one thing I want to add the historical acurse of the battle is very close to how thing realy happen on the eastern front , so in that respect it is an ok film .
 I saw this movie at a movie theater . I was excited because I had been waiting for hollywood to make a movie about the Eastern Front . Cross of Iron is great , but I wanted a modern interpretation . The first , oh , 10 minutes may be more poignant than SPR 's first 20 , as the untrained , panicky recruits , complete with Jude Law , go across the Volga in barges and then attack a German position , many without rifles . This is the most realistic part of the movie . Basically all of the men are senselessly slaughtered , as in what really happened . Then everything goes to hell . For one thing , they make it seem like this duel between the two snipers decides the fate of the great Battle of Stalingrad . The thing is , however many kills snipers rack up , they are not battle winners . The standard infantry is , as they can defend and take positions . It would have been so much interesting if they have concentrated on the standard infantry , not the snipers . It 's like there 's nothing else happening , and these two guys are just duking it out . So unrealistic . I thought that at least IN THE CONDITIONS OF STALINGRAD , THE FILTH , THE VERMON , THE IMPENDING DEATH , we would n't have a cheesy romance . ... The lovey dovey degrades everyone 's intelligence . The very last thing on a soldier 's mind in those conditions is -LSB- romance -RSB- . ...
 Enemy at the Gates ia a great book about the Staligrad campaign . However , it is a bad movie . The film is filled with inacuracies that misslead the audiance about what actually happened . It is also plagued by being anti-communist propaganda , rather than good story telling.Where they got it wrong .1 . Vasily Zeitzev arrived at Stalingrad as a fully trained sniper .2 . Tania Chernova was a partisan and later a sniper , not a translator . Let her be the woman she was not a week female , but rather an expert sniper in her own right . She personally killed 81 germans before being wounded .3 . Tania was Vasily 's lover , but they did not get back together after the war , because both believed that the other was dead .4 . Ron Pearlman 's character lived through the war .5 . Vasily shot Keonig without leaving his hiding place.Danolov was wounded when he tried to point out Koenig 's position to Vasily , not killed.The Russians were not idiots , they knew how to fight and made the Germans bleed at Stalingrad .5 . The Stalingrad campaign involved millions of soldiers and did not hinge on the fate a duel between two.There is a great story in the tale of this sniper duel . It did not need to be falsified to keep women in their place or to show that the Russians were fools ... If you want a riviting story read the book.If you want good history read the book.Skip the movie . : -LRB-
 The DVD is not formatted for American DVD players . Totally unuseable and a waste of money . Not able to find the address of the shipper to return . Very unsatisfied .
 I had high hopes for this film , and perhaps that 's why I was so let down by it . A movie based on a very dramatic true life showdown between snipers during World War II featuring the amazingly talented actors Joseph Fiennes -LRB- Shakespeare in Love -RRB- and Ed Harris -LRB- Pollock -RRB- ca n't miss , right ? Unlike the sharpshooters in the story , this flick misses badly . Mostly I blame the director , although the writer gets a big chunk of blame as well . The director , Jean-Jacques Annaud , seems concerned only with the visual effectiveness of the backdrops of this film and with nothing else . Joseph Fiennes is a terrific actor but the director allows his British mannerisms to show even though he 's playing a Russian . Every time Fiennes pronounced Tonya as `` Tonyer '' it made the movie a little less real , which is the last thing a viewer wants from a historical drama.What I 'll never understand is why the writer did n't stay true to history . The historical facts are much more dramatic than the story told here . Gone is the three day standoff between the Russian and German . Remember in Saving Private Ryan when the German sniper was killed by the bullet passing through his scope and hitting him in the head ? That 's how the real story in Stalingrad ended , but not in this film . The reason for this change is one of the snipers wants to go back to being a regular soldier . No reason is really given for his wishes . This is especially bad since he was pretty keen on becoming a sniper in the first place . The ending is anticlimactic , mainly because for most of the film we see the two snipers playing a game of cat and mouse . When one finally kills the other , it has nothing to do with sniping , and is only marginally connected to the game they were previously playing.The German sniper -LRB- Ed Harris -RRB- is woefully two dimensional , though Ed Harris manages to make him interesting even if we are never presented with the character 's motivation beyond a single mention that his son was killed at Stalingrad when the Germans first attacked . The Russian 's motivation is based in Hollywood clich&eacute;s . This introduces a love interest and a spunky kid spy , as though simply staying alive is n't motivation enough . Despite some good acting -LRB- Bob Hoskins is wonderful as Kruschev -RRB- , the movie descends into nothing more than a bland Hollywood war story .
 When I first heard about `` Enemy at the Gate '' , I was intensely excited
 This is a European film which aims to crack the American market but ends up making almost all of Hollywood 's mistakes . The concept is a great one
 The problem with this movie is that historical inaccuracies . If one is to make a movie based upon an actual event , it really should try to stick to what really happened . To make matters worse , great actors were stuck into bad parts and they seemed to just sleep-walk through the thing . Plus , Jude Law does a terrible Russian accent , when he even tries . Just a waste of time AND money .
 I was very disappointed with the movie `` Enemy at the Gates . '' I believe my disappointment is based on the fact that I enjoyed the book very much , and the way the producer/director chose to change charater motivations in the movie ruined a very well-written story.I am often disappointed when a book I thoroughly enjoy is made into a movie ; I have once more learned my lesson and will leave movie watching to those who lack good reading abilities
 Just because you can do a thing does ' t mean you should . Which is too bad , because I like Ed Harris as a actor . But who 's the hero here ? The `` glorious heros of the soviet union ? '' or the `` evil '' nazi out for revenge for his son 's death ? The nazis come off as cartoon characters and the the soviets ? A hodge-podge of heavy english accents or very bad cartoon russian accents and acting that makes Borris Badinoff look good ... You can not produce goodness from the hearts of darkness and frankly that 's what both sides were . The battle for stalingrad was a nasty brutish affair conducted by two of the most evil political systems this world has seen ... Special effects , well golly gee whizzz and ho-hum . Just once I would like to see this computer generated crap done by someone who has actually been in a combat aircraft or fired a weapon and not gotten their ideas of `` the real thing '' from the digital mayhem of `` Pearl Harbor '' . Save yer money and time and get The Longest Day or The War Lover or anything else but ...
 The Amazon review got it right - this is essentially a cat and mouse thriller set within an epic battle . Beyond that , we 're stuck with an unconvincing love story and even more strange , a cast of actors with English accents who are all supposed to be Russians ! At the same time , Ed Harris is the German sniper with an American accent trying to hunt down Jude Law . These annoyances might have been overlooked if it was n't for the fact that there is little to hold your interest beyond some compelling cinematography .
 I was very excited about these movies come out on TV a few years back , only to be severely disappointed . I did not care for Lauren Lee Smith as Christy , or Diane Ladd as Miss Alice . Smith was whiny and annoying , lacking the conviction Kellie Martin had . And Ladd , whose work I normally love , was very sloppy , slipping contractions into the otherwise refined Quaker way of speaking . Tyne Daly did so much better . Watch the movies once just to find out who Christy chooses if you 're dying to know , but beyond that , do n't waste your time .
 We watched every episode of the Christy TV Series in a two week span , and were so in love with the series that I rushed out and got the 3 made-for-TV movies to continue the story.We honestly could not even finish watching them . Viewed next to the original series , the `` new '' ones are painful to watch . Even my 8 year old daughter said the movies were horrible.So sad , because we thought the Christy TV series was one of the best things we had seen recently .
 As I had watched the original series , the differences were very apparent in the change of actors , location and characters and even the theme of the story . It would have been nicer to have had the ending of the original series as the flow was n't good . I was very disappointed with their new take on the original series .
 This movie is ok ... only its not the same as the TV show . There really is no chemistry between the actors . They also take a real step back in the Christy character . During the TV show , she had a real comraderie with the mountain people , in this movie , its like she just got there and they do n't trust her anymore . As I said , its ok ... just do n't expect it to be like the television show .
 I was rather disappionted with this addition to the Christy series . Not only were hardly any of the original actors in the movie , but the story went over ground already covered in the original series . I found it redundent and annoying . The girl who played Christy tried her best but I do n't know how you can top the original . Plus in the end it does not let on to who -LRB- the doc or the minister -RRB- Christy ends up with . Read the book for the full story , it is definetly worth it !
 I liked the TV show and was disappointed when Pax stopped showing the episodes and was so happy when I read that they were making new movies and I really looked forward to watching them and I tried to watch them but sorry to say that I just could n't get into this or the other movies and was bored and I thought it was just adequate but nothing special !
 I came into this movie with lots of expectations and sweet memory from the original tv series but only found myself shocked and heart broken.The previous viewer was right about the problem of charactors inconsistency which was the main reason that destroyed everything good left from the original series . In my heart , Kellie Martin is always the Christy I remembered in the smoky mountain who was willing to fight for her children and Rand was the pastor who shared God 's love in whatever he said or did.All of the above was missing in the movies and to my worst nightmare , what the charactors portrayed was just the opposite !!! The only actor I like is Dr. Neil McNeil . Please bring back the original cast back to the film production .
 I ca n't believe how much the quality of this series has gone downhill . Seeing someone other than Tyne Daly playing Miss Alice is almost enough to drive me to tears . No one can play Christy as effortlessly as Kellie Martin did . Thankfully Dr. McNeil is still played by the same actor , and he has become the only good reason to keep watching . The producers should have done anything , everything , whatever it took to re-assemble the original cast .
 This series is a sorry replacement for the original . Aside from Stewart Finlay-McClelan , the acting is terrible ! I would only reccomend watching the last episode for closure from the original , but that 's it .
 This movie just was not Christy if you want to see Christy watch the original series starring Kellie Martin now that 's how it should be played . There was so much about this that I did n't like that I wo n't even waste time saying it all lol . I do n't usually give bad reviews but this one deserves it and I would hate for someone to waste their time and money on this one . Just a bad rendition of the story imo and I agree with a lot of the other reviewers it just does n't work at all .
 These three tv movies is just horribly miscast . The actor that played Neill is too old , Christy is played horribly , and Alice does n't capture the Quaker spirit.To say nothing of the script ... which could of used a major overhaul , before production.In these movies Christy is immature , snobbish , and somehow holier than thou ... The actor 's Scottish accent is good , but a six year gap between the tv show and the tv movie was too long . Perhaps a younger actor would of been better . He 'd of been a good Dr Ferrand , perhaps.And as some have mentioned Alice 's thee 's and thou 's seemed forced ... perhaps the script was bad.Only the last of the series was passable , only to find out who Christy marries ... but by then you lose interest and could care less about the characters.The old woman playing the aged Christy was very good . And I could almost buy the change of location ... with a better cast and more tightly scripted teleplay . But as it was I 'd suggest skip this version and watch the tv series instead ... In fact , I prefer the tv series that had more wit and more class and where you have to use your imagination as to who Christy choses to marry . But curiosity won out and I came out disillusioned with this miniseries .
 The 1 star is for Stewart Finlay-McClennan returning as Dr. MacNeill . As one reviewer mentioned , Kellie Martin played Christy effortlessly . While Lauren Lee Smith tries her best , the performance is a bit ... bland . Some lines seemed a bit forced & having seen the CBS series , it was difficult not to be dissappointed -- knowing what ` could have been . ' But it is worth the watch just for the story 's sake .
 I , as other reviewers , was very excited when this movie came out . I wanted to see what happened after the series ended . It was a big disappointment . It did not follow what had happened in the series with a character that left Cutter Gap in the series being in the movie , along with basically the same story line of a student studying for college and his father objecting to it . There were only two highlights to the movie , the scenery and a few characters being played by the same actors from the series , such as Dr. McNeal and Opal . But if you are looking for the main characters -LRB- Christy , David , Alice , Fairlight , Ruby Mae -RRB- to be the same interesting , wonderful characters as they were in the series , you will be very disappointed . These actors are awful , the scenes boring , and the story lines unoriginal . If you want to know who Christy chose to marry , read the book or check out information about the `` real '' Christy as Catherine Marshall based the book on the true life stories of her mother .
 If you watched the Christy series and were left dieing the know the outcome ... like me , you will be SOO disappointed with this video . The acting is HORRIBLE . It was hard to sit through and actually watch it all -LRB- but I had to know the ending ! -RRB- . The quality of cinematography was very poor as well . Do n't waste your money on it !!! Truly a let down !!
 This uneven first entry in the `` new '' Christy movies has some good points , but falls down in character consistency . Lauren Lee Smith displays the necessary perkiness and innocence as Christy . The story is believable
 I purchased it for my students to show them the power of wind . Old footage , not great in comparison to what is shown on TV . Never showed ot to my students because it is just not `` cool '' enough . I am sure if this documentary was redone by NOVA today it would be significantly better . If you are looking for short impressive footage you will have more luck on the internet .
 In lieu of more colorful euphemisms , ugh will have to suffice . As a huge fan of Homicide , I have to strongly disagree with the raves about this movie . In direct contrast to those who praised this piece , I was highly disappointed and even affronted by it . Let me speak for the fans who love the show but thought this movie was meant more as a ` kiss-off ' than a ` send-off ' . It left me the distinct impression that Tom Fontana was bored with writing Homicide , and wanted to destroy any chance whatsoever that he would be forced to write the characters ever again . What better way to do that than by making Tim Bayliss a ` bad guy ' , and then by murdering Gee , thus destroying the guiding force of the squad ? The final roof-top scene with Frank and Tim is some of the best acting you will ever see , but on the whole , I would have rathered this movie was n't made at all . Homicide deserved a better ending than this .
 I 've been a huge fan , read the book , watched all the episodes when first run , and now purchased and watched all 7 seasons on DVD.The movie was simply terrible . The writing was bad . Melodrama at its worst . I wish I had never watched .
 A group of people are terrorized by vicious overgrowm shrews on an island off the coast of Texas . I do n`t have much else to say about this oftentimes double-billed with THE GIANT GILA MONSTER horror flick . Except that this is perhaps the worst horror film ever . And that only watch this film if you ` re ready to laugh at the dogs dressed in carpets pretending to be killer shrews .
 For those of you reading at home , here are the ingredients to make your own `` Killer Shrew '' . Chocolate Ice CreamCaptain Crunch with Crunch BerriesPeanut M & MsMrs . ButterworthCircus PeanutsMr . PibbMarshmallow Peeps -LRB- lotsa Marshmallow Peeps -RRB- Sweet TartsVanilla FrostingGood-N-PlentyWax lips -LRB- oops , nope , that is for the Vulcan mindprobe -RRB- -LRB- Blend -RRB- `` Alright , pour that into the plastic tulip glass , and garnish with a wind-up shrew ! `` The Killer Shrews without Mike , Joel , Tom Servo , TV 's Frank , Dr. Forester , and Crow is not a good movie . There is a reason why they chose this film to be a part of their mocking library . This `` horror '' film lacks in every critical category . It has shabby characters , very minimal visuals , sheep dogs in shrew costumes , and quite a bit of liquor consumption , while all the time never developing anything known as a `` plot '' . The basis behind this film is simple , honestly , too simple . A random , uncharted island inhabited by a scientific experiment gone wrong . There are only six `` survivors '' who were all doing fine until Rosco P. Coltrane -LRB- aka James Best -RRB- arrived to the scene . It is after he arrives that liquor seems to be highly consumed , nerves never seemed to be unraveled , and more and more about these shrews are revealed . Nearly halfway through this film I thought that Henson might have been involved somehow with the creation of these shrews . There is even one scene in which there is a shrew hiding under the stairs , waiting for his prey , and you can not help but feel a sense of admiration for the beast . It is rather cute , in a costumed dog sort of way.This is one of the first films where you can watch the entire story unfold and feel nothing for these characters . Director Ray Kellogg was either still writing the script as he was shooting or was hoping to use the phrase , `` It 's my first time directing '' for this silly excuse of a film . It is neither scary nor thrilling in any way . To begin , the visuals are horrendous . Between the overused stock footage of a saber-toothed shrew peeking in through the wooden fence and the only ONE interior shot used in the film , it was bound to make any sane viewer go a bit bonkers . I realize that Kellogg may have been trying to build the idea of entrapment or claustrophobia for his characters , but this sensation could never have been created with this cast . It became obvious to me early in this film that drinking was just as important as knowing your lines . In fact , if you did n't know your lines and chose to drink , director Kellogg would have considered it a strong move on the part of the actor . The Killer Shrews is not a film for recovering alcoholics . I saw this film as a perfect outlet for college students and their overabundance of drinking games.The theories behind the creation of the shrews are classic `` B '' cinema . As I watched this horrendous film , I could not help but think of Romero 's Night of the Living Dead . Did he see this film before creating his masterpiece ? I know several have mentioned it in their reviews , but one can not help but see the similarities . People cramped in a small space trying to survive while evil creatures of the night are pounding down the door . One can not help but think that the Killer Shrews may have been on Romero 's mind in the late 1960s . Let 's see if I have covered all the points . Horrible acting . Nobody actually has a character in this film . We learn nothing about anyone and feel nothing as they attempt to save their own lives from the killer shrews . There was one point in the film where Ann asks Thorne if he does n't wonder about everything and want to ask questions . She asks him if he does n't want to know about her accent . Suddenly , I was whisked away to a Lost memory and was waiting for all six of these character 's lives to suddenly be molded together in a rather shocking way , but alas , that did not happen . The creatures were creative , but definitely not scary , even for the late 1950s . The shrew under the stairs reminded me , to quote Mystery Science Theater 3000 , like a puppet . It made me laugh , which is your typical viewer 's reaction to this type of cinema today . This was not a Ed Wood production in any way . This was far worse . Acting was not necessary to be in this film . If there would have been any range of emotion emitted from anyone in this film than I may have graded it higher than I did , but alas , there was none . No chemistry between the characters , no drive , no excitement , just pure alcoholism . Finally , there was the climactic ending that flies by faster than the beginning of the film . If the ending had been more intense , a bit spookier , and maybe even at night , than I think we would have had a stronger contender as a great film . Sadly , the ending looked exactly like the rest of the film , cheap and subdued.Overall , I do n't think I could watch this film again unless I had my old MST3K buddies with me to enjoy it . There was nothing of redeeming value in this film unless you count the action that the liquor bottles saw , then one would grade it higher . The shrews were laughable , the tension was non-existent , and the science of the film was never fully developed . There were so many avenues that Kellogg could have traveled to make this into a `` cult '' phenomenon , but instead he stuck with less than mediocrity and the result is this black and white film that puts a horrid stain on the `` horror '' genre . Instead , why do n't you make a `` Killer Shrew '' drink and call it a night , the results would be better!Grade
 James Best wasted in snoozer about genetically altered shrews which turn into hungry little dogs . Why bother ? Does n't the world have enough hungry little dogs already ? Boring dialog , bad pacing and a really absurd ending do n't a good movie experience make . Not even bad funny as some reviewers would have you think . Not worth the ten cents -LRB- yes , 10 cents -RRB- I paid for this at Wal-mart .
 I was disappointed with the quality of sound of this video . In the age of HD and better digtal sound it sounded like it was recorded on a cassette .
 It just has the a different cover and no footage as describe . The description is not at all what is on the dvd . Total waste of money . I personally hated A remarkable life , am very unhappy to be fooled into buying it again .
 DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY !!! This CD is an exact copy of
 This DVD is not as described . It is not authorized by Jackson . It is the same exact DVD of Remarkable Life.This is someone trying to make money off of Michael Jackson 's death.Stick with the DVD 's that he put out .
 I ca n't believe I fell for this one ! I have not bought a bad thing on Amazon but I really got taken this time ! I ca n't believe I paid the money I did for this DVD and frankly I am disappointed in Amazon for selling it ! Please listen to me and do not waste your money . I was a fool for doing so !
 I hated `` A Remarkable Life '' well . . this video is a replica !! I mean literally ! They just took A remarkabble life and stuck it in the Never Surrender Cover . Do n't waste your money . The cover is very deceiving ... it is totally misleading ... nothing on the cover is on the DVD . DO N'T BUY IT !
 This is one of the really bad videos that are currently out there since the passing of our beloved MJ . Take my word for it , it 's absolute JUNK . First clue to a crappy MJ video is when Sony has nothing to do with it and MJ 's music is not on it anywhere -LRB- they have to reveal that ! -RRB- Please ... do n't waste your time or money on this ... i 'll send you mine for free !!!!
 i was so boring , you know i bought the book remarkable life.and got on line after i bougfht it , and people said do n't buy this it is boring.so i sent it back and i wish i would have waited to see how this one was , because i wasted my money.do not buy this dvd , it is not worth it , next time i well wait and review what ever i buy about mj .
 As other people have said , it 's a total waste of money . I had n't seen `` A remarkable life '' but thanks to other reviewers , I now know not to get that either as the two are exactly the same and neither of them are worth the money.It 's just a collection of people I 've mostly never heard of , who had some connection with Michael through his work , talking about what they remember about him as though they were close buddy-buddies with him . Hardly even any pictures of Michael , let alone music . Looks to me like it 's a totally unauthorized piece of junk , put together by some vultures who want to squeeze money out of his name.Very disappointing !!!
 This DVD is nothing close to how they marketed it . Save you money . A remarkable is cheaper and is the same documentary . I can not believe I was cheated like that . This product represents what Michael himself was against . He loved his fans and wanted to give them their moneys worth not cheat them .
 I did n't think it was possible for a video to be worse than ' A Remarkable Life , '' but I stand corrected because this was one of the most poorly generic pieces of trash that was ever thrown together for money . I am sorry i ever wasted my money . I ususally want Michael Jackson stories to last forever , but I could n't wait for this one to end . I will never buy something before reviews of it are posted . Oh , and you just got to love the generic background music . It makes you think you 're watching porn . A complete RIPOFF : -LRB-
 I order this twice and got It A Remarkable Life , twice so I did not get this DVD at all . Do not waste your money on this.Pat Minton -LRB- Louisville , Ky. . -RRB-
 Do n't waste your money on this yawner ! I 'm a hard-core Michael Jackson fan and collect all the film footage of him that I can . But man , did I make a mistake when I ordered `` Never Surrender '' . Its 70-minute running time seems like 170 by the time you reach its merciful end . No music , just people I 've never heard of telling their stories about Michael . Yes , some of these people worked closely with MJ , but the narrative format is a total bore . The DVD 's only redeeming feature is that it has interspaced rare clips of MJ , but even so , it is n't worth the first dollar . I 'm embarrassed to even have it in my collection !
 The `` Never Surrender '' DVD has very few good points . First off , little if any MJ music to speak of . Most of the Michael Jackson footage consists of old interviews.It is worth a look if you want to rent it or check it out from your local library.Too much time is spent rehashing his time with the Jackson Five .
 This video is a total disappointment to the Michael Jackson fan . I bought this after having viewed many of the Michael Jackson movies on the market ; this is one you should not waste your time or money on . This and Moonwalker are the only Michael DVDs that I shut off before finishing and have no plan to watch again.This DVD does not have a lick of Michael Jackson music . It has a very lame music bank that is repetitive and annoying . It is a poor attempt at tapping into the Michael Jackson post-death purchases.As for movies , I would recommend getting History on Film Vol . II and Michael Jackson Video Greatest Hits , if you enjoy his music videos . I personally , much prefer to watch him in recorded `` live '' concerts . The Live in Japan and Live in Bucharest DVDs are a must for any hardcore MJ fan . I provided links below to my recommendations based on your MJ interests . `` Live '' performances : Live in JapanMichael Jackson
 We were unable to watch this movie after ordering , because the producer 's commentary narrative was overlaying the movie dialogue throughout . -LRB- As if the file was uploaded to Amazon with that feature set to ` on ' . -RRB- If Amazon can correct this , it 's a great movie !
 As a Ghost Hunters fan I loved the First Season Dvd . This `` Best of Ghost Hunters '' Dvd was just recycling previous -LRB- inconclusive for the most part ! -RRB- shows - certainly not anything new or exciting at all . The previously deleted footage should have stayed that way ! Do n't waste your money on this Dvd . Buy the First Season and look for the Penitentiary and the Lighthouse episodes .
 Foremost , the episodes that they picked were n't all good -LRB- certainly not the `` The Very Best . . '' -RRB- . Second , the general editing was poorly done . Third , the extra footage featuring parts of interviews previously cut out , should have never been put back in . The footage was boring and a waste of time . All , I can say is this tape is dissapointing . Do n't bother to buy it .
 This DVD is nothing more than a recycling of 3 previous episodes of the show . For a `` best of '' volume , I expected much shorter segments from many more episodes that actually did contain what the DVD case advertises , namely `` the best of '' and the `` scariest moments . '' In my opinion , this volume fails to deliver what it promises . I am definitely a fan of the series , and I know there are much better moments it has to offer . About the only thing you can really expect to enjoy on this DVD are some fairly decent examples of EVP -LRB- Electronic Voice Phenomenon -RRB- . Even though the DVD is fairly inexpensive , I do n't think it 's worth the cost .
 I also found this `` Best of '' collection to fall very short of the `` BEST '' ! There are clearly MANY other episodes they could have , and SHOULD HAVE used and included to make this truly a `` Best of '' feature . The few cases they did showcase were by far NOT the scariest ! A definite disappointment , ... though still a fan !!
 This dvd purports to be the `` very best of '' this series , but it is anything but . First off , the first fifteen minutes or so has little to do with in the way ghost hunting , rather `` introduces '' the various persons involved with TAPS and is in fact quite boring . I could n't care less that these guys are plumbers and have wives that are pissed off with their preoccupation with the paranormal . When we finally get around to the various investigations they turn out to be quite mundane and at times frustrating to watch because of the apparent amateurishness of the investigators . If these guys have been doing this for as long as they claim , it certainly does n't seem like it . And in the end , despite the claim in the blurb on the gack of the dvd case that watching these episodes would convince one that ghosts really do exist , they certainly do n't . Sadly , the two episodes that seemed somewhat promising are not included in the dvd , although they are mentioned briefly in the `` in the next episode '' segment of two of the episodes . What 's more , in the five minute bonus feature in which two of the investigators discuss their favorite episodes , both the lighthouse and penitentiary investigations are agree upon as being favorites , while -- if I remember correctly -- only two of the fore included in this video are mentioned , and not with much enthusiasm . I just ca n't recommend this dvd .
 This review is n't a commentary on the show itself . I love the show , but this `` very best '' is a complete rip off . My husband and I are really into the show and were looking forward to seeing a complilation of the `` very best '' of Ghost Hunters . Instead what we got was the exact same disc as the first disc of season 1 . I rented the two of them at the same time , and they are exactly the same thing . I had to keep checking to make sure I did n't put the wrong disc in . Very disappointing .
 ca n't believe I bought this , waist of time and money . all fake , a real shame . should just toss it in the trash
 This is simply the 1st 2 episodes of season 1 , buy the 1st season instead and get better value .
 I can only agree with the previous reviewers that these `` Best Of ... '' DVDs are nothing more than randomly selected and ultimately uninteresting segments -LRB- FAR from being the best -RRB- . They even contain the bleeps and commercial fade-outs and recaps.The bonus interview was a flat dud and the `` deleted '' scenes were simply longer re-takes and raw footage of stuff you 've already seen in the episode . Cutting-room floor stuff , nothing at all worth looking at or listening to.Do not waste you money ! Just buy the complete season -LRB- s -RRB- and you 'll come out much farther ahead.Couldn ' t give it zero stars , so I gave it one star for Grant and one for Brian .
 These guy 's are the best I 've ever seen . If you can handle the truth , then this DVD is for you . They do n't say every little thing that happens is real . They check every detail . I give this set a five star rating .
 The unfortunately titled `` Jism '' is a bollywood remake of Lawrence Kasdan 's 1981 masterpiece , `` Body Heat . '' That alone makes it worth watching , but the movie runs into a few problems along the way . In the first place it runs way too long for such a small-scale noir thriller . What Kasdan was able to do in a little under two hours , Jism draws out to seemingly Ben-Hur lengths . This is a problem , because the story is so compact that it can be told rather speedily , leaving the director little choice but to throw a lot of filler at us . There are a couple of musical numbers , for instance , which burn a lot of screen time , but leave the viewer wondering what the heck all the singing is about . True , this is Bollywood , so musical numbers are allowed . But the songs are n't even good ones , so the exercise is mostly wasted.In addition , the film is over-acted in that soap opera kind of way that leaves you wincing just about every time the leads deliver their lines . On the other hand , it is obvious that neither star was hired for thier acting abilities so its a little easy to forgive . But the whole thing just smacks of cheesiness . Both Basu and Abraham are so super-sexy that they put the rest of us mere mortals to shame , but that 's a problem since that makes it easy for the viewer to dismiss them . Their beachside sex scenes at high tide are just goofy . Watching them roll around in the sand , it 's easy to imagine big Indian housewives eating bon-bons and finger banging themselves beneath thier saris . The movie is just that shallow.Which is too bad , because the original story is really a good one , with charged characters and a nail-biting plot . But Bipasha Basu is no Kathleen Turner , and the only way she could ever carry a film is with her double dees . John Abraham 's only a little bit better , which is why he spends most of the movie with his shirt off.The only other thing worth noting about this film is the sweat . In fact , there 's so much persperation that it almost becomes another character . The intent is to make us think we are watching something sultry and steamy , a plate of forbidden sex served up from the Indian subcontinent . But the sweat has so much sheen to it that one begins to think it 's really just axle grease , rubbed on just before filming commenced . Either way , it really does n't matter . This is just porn with the good parts cut out .
 John Abraham made his debut in this unfortunately titled film -LRB- which means `` Body '' in Hindi -RRB- , alongside Bipasha Basu , who was also fairly new to the industry at the time . The movie marked the beginning of their off-screen relationship -LRB- they 've been together ever since -RRB- and it made them big stars because of its provocative content . But that 's the only good thing that can be said about it -- it 's sexy , in a late-night Cinemax sort of way . Jism is based on the 1981 Hollywood film Body Heat , and one scene is lifted right out of another American movie , 91/2 weeks -LRB- 1986 -RRB- . Abraham plays Kabir , a hard-drinking lawyer , and Basu plays Sonia , a femme fatale with a rich husband . In the midst of their sexually intense affair , Sonia convinces Kabir to murder her husband so they can be together and enjoy the inheritance . The acting is nothing short of awful , but the co-stars , who have since developed into competent actors , make the most of the only asset they have at this early stage of their careers -- sex appeal -- which served as the foundation for their later success . - The Bollywood Ticket
 This movie is not worth spending money on , first of all , the dubbing in English is ridiculous and secondly the story drags on and on and is slow and boring .
 There are low-budget films that succeed despite their limitations.There are those that are camp and fun because of their limitations.And then there is the unique kind of trash that has come about in the ` camcorder age ' and which has absolutely nothing to recommend it.This is one such project.Shot with a cheap camcorder , directed , edited and ` acted ' by people who have no cinema skills , this abomination has only one thing about it that is truly frightening : How could they get anyone to actually distribute this on DVD?I watched about 6 minutes of this on Netflix streaming , and that was more than enough.C .
 The DVD has nothing to do with a slumber party . The flick starts off with all the girls sitting together in nighties telling stories , then five minutes into it , the DVD cuts to individual strip sessions for each of the girls . No slumber party at ALL !!! This is not what I saw in a previous trailer , and I am highly disappointed . do not waste you money .
 My main complaint is the Tab , Its not like Stefan Groomsman tab at all . Notes are on the line and not inbetween like Grossman and many others . There is no indication if thumb or finger should play the note . No hammer on or pull off indications either . There is also no Tab explanation like Grossman has in his DvDs . Most Songs have been covered in other Dvds by other more competent Teachers . Teachers who can anticipate where students may have issues , such as incomplete or lacking tab .
 I 'm actually somewhat disappointed because I heard a lot of good stuff about Glen Plake but his videos are just not that entertaining compared to Warren Miller 's stuff . The action sequences are just not that exciting . I bought this set because I was not able to get Fistful of Moguls by itself and sure enough , that was the only good dvd out of the four . The other 3 were just really boring and I just wished it was over . This is coming from a former ski instructor and an avid ski bum . If you can get Fistful of Moguls by itself , just get that .
 I bought this dvd knowing it was unauthorized by the Jonas Brothers . That was a mistake . It is the worst thing I have ever tried to watch about them . Every where I looked it up it said it was 70 min but it is only 35 min and that was long enough . You should n't waste your money on this . I think any Jonas Brothers fan would be dissapointed . Its mainly just other people talking about them , with some scenes of them thrown in .
 I ordered this for my teenage daughter , a huge Jonas Brothers fan . I should have been alerted by the buzz word `` Unauthorized '' as it had no input from the Jonas Brothers . It is very short and 3 of the most dedicated fans said it `` failed '' , was a waste of money and an insult to `` the boys '' because they are a class act that do things right by their fans . Save your $ $ for somethning good . I would have given it less then 1 star if I could have . I have no problem at all with the seller , just the movie .
 Four years were necessary by this film 's creative team to raise funding adequate for screening the work , with its setting in Montreal , and its essence as a narrative wayward albeit its production characteristics may well offset its storyline weaknesses for some who will view it by video tape . Winner of a record-setting 13 Genie Awards -LRB- Canada 's `` Oscar '' equivalent -RRB- , the film was the directoral d&eacute;but for Jean-Claude Lauzon , who received a standing ovation at Cannes in 1987 after the picture 's showing there , the audience obviously of the belief that there were more than enough artistically positive elements within it to counterbalance its patchwork plot . Lauzon directed but two films prior to his death caused by piloting his airplane into the side of a mountain . He once stated of himself `` I always need to be in motion '' , and this trait , in conjunction with a career background in advertising , probably accounts in part for his maintainance of a frenetic pace for this violence weighted affair . As action begins , Marcel -LRB- Gilles Maheu -RRB- is being stripped of any dignity that he may have possessed by being forcibly sodomized within his prison cell , and soon after we watch him exit from the prison after completing a two year sentence for some type of narcotics violation . Marcel returns to his apartment that he somehow has managed to retain during his absence and is immediately after visited by a pair of dishonest police detectives who demand -LRB- ... -RRB- in cash that he `` owes '' to them and which he apparently has secreted in too cunning a manner for them to uncover . One of the detectives , George -LRB- Lorne Brass -RRB- is a homosexual steeped in sadism and it is Marcel 's determined efforts to keep the hidden money from the duo while fiercely struggling physically against them that comprise about half of a plotline which also focusses upon the young man 's endeavour to repair a severed relationship with his dying father -LRB- Roger Le Bel -RRB- . While Marcel 's behaviour upon occasion seems to be vacant of sensate purpose , a viewer will be thankful that his girl friend 's appearances in the film are brief , and that the bizarre climactic scenes involving father and son are not lengthier . Some of the film 's setups must be deemed as intentionally , in addition to symbolically , grotesque , and there are too many instances when both logic and continuity go begging . Endeavours by a viewer to hearken back to any sort of justification for such episodes will be futile . The earnestly diligent cast members work at creating their roles , with Brass being especially effective as an unprincipled policeman . Dialogue is largely Qu&eacute;b&eacute;cois with a sprinkling of English . Subtitles in the latter tongue are for the most part accurate . Although difficulty for viewers to ken a meandering narrative will be a bit of an impediment , the film is not dull . Well past the film 's initial release date , the many awards given it for performances by its crew members are completely understandable , as production quality is never less than excellent . However , the general acclaim from Canada and at Cannes might lead one to presume that its competition may have been , at best , somewhat weak .
 Have seen many Eric Rohmer movies that I enjoyed . However , this one was rather dulland took forever to find out where it is going ... . Found the filming and story tellingrather mediocre and would not recommend it .
 When we see this of such a film in the always never to forgetting styles of the greats Rohmers , we are reminded of all of it . The overarching symbol of the forgetting ; the trendentiousness of the cineastic plosiveness . Even Truffaut or Truffles as we used to call him would have thought the very long thinking thoughts , sort of . It was like , `` Who am I ? `` Wholesome Holistic holiness is a pejorative of the malodorousness of the geenfill hill . And lastly , we leaving you with this very thought , if it is a thought
 This one by Alpha got a horrible transfer ! It 's full of dirt and color is faded ! My DVD-R copied from Hallmark laser disc got much better color!For the best transfer , buy the one released by Network UK , which have the best color and transfer . You could order from Amazon UK . It is locked to Region 2 though , so you need a multi-region DVD player!Update
 Awful video and sound , sometimes unintelligible . The print looks like a badly colorized B/W film . I 'm returning it .
 this was not the movie i was looking for it was the other jungle book that i found out is no longer for sale unless you want to pay 52 dollars for a used movie
 This movie is bad . Well sure its not horrible but considering the amount of movies there are containing the story of Mogley this one is the lowest . Very poor quality and bad acting .
 Dark , poor sound quality , quite scratchy -LRB- did n't they have a master to use ? -RRB- Terribly disappointed in this , as I recall it from my youth and wanted to pass along a treasure . Instead , my 5-year-old only lasted about halfway before he asked for something else -LRB- he has great concentration and listened attentively while I read him the entire The Hobbit , so I know it was n't a lacking on his part -RRB- Alas , the old treasure is not gold , but brass . Given the state of technology , someone could easily clean this up and make every viewer thrilled . As it is , I sadly say , pass it by , it 's better remembered than seen in its present wretched state .
 Hideous , absolutely hideous . This is a ghastly two color print of what must have been a beautiful technicolor original . From now on , I 'll be sure to read the customer reviews before buying anything . The sound is terrible also . This disc is going back but fast .
 People , by now you should know that anyone with a bootleg video tape collection could throw one of these together . Kiss owns the rights to their logo . So , if you do not see the original KISS logo with the lightning bolt SS , it 's NOT AN OFFICIAL KISS RELEASE ! Buyer beware !
 Apparently this is not the `` promo videos collection '' dvd we had expected , but yet just another re-hashed collection of interviews , etc. . . very disappointing
 I have seen worse films than `` Bride of the Gorilla , '' but few that seem to drag on longer . Raymond Burr actually does a decent job as Barney Chavez , a plantation manager who decides he wants the wife of the plantation owner for himself . In fact the acting is fairly decent all the way around -LRB- especially for this era and genre -RRB- but the plot bogs down in a very slow romance subplot for the majority of the middle thirty minutes of the film.In essence Barney commits murder with a giant poisonous snake , and is subsequently cursed by a witch for his unsavory behavior . The practical upshot of this is that we get to see Raymond Burr transmogrify into a gorilla , though it is mostly seen in reflection shots -LRB- mirrors , lakes , etc. -RRB- Ultimately everyone gets their just rewards , and after what seems like 66 very long minutes , you can try to forget you wasted an hour of your life on this bore.Bottom line
 There are two DVD releases of BRIDE OF THE GORILLA - is there any difference in print quality between them ???
 I did n't enjoy this film as much as I thought I would . I did n't have high expectations for this movie , but I thought with Curt Siodmak and Lon Chaney , Jr. , there would be more entertainment here than there really was ... written and directed by Curt Siodmak , writer of such films as The Wolf Man -LRB- 1941 -RRB- , Frankenstein Meets the Wolf Man -LRB- 1943 -RRB- , and Son of Dracula -LRB- 1943 -RRB- , all three which also starred Lon Chaney , Jr. , come together to bring us this bargain basement entry into the occult horror drama genre that was popular in the late 30 's and 40 's . Bride of the Gorilla starts out with promise , but soon gets mired in too much melodrama for my tastes . The story goes an older plantation owner dies through the actions of one of his hired hands , Barney Chavez -LRB- Raymond Burr -RRB- , as the hired hand covets the man 's younger wife , Dina -LRB- Barbara Peyton -RRB- . Commissioner Taro -LRB- Lon Chaney , Jr. -RRB- investigates , but due to lack of evidence , ca n't bring a case against Barney . Where modern law fails , the law of the jungle takes over as an elderly servant woman , who witnessed the death of her boss , and who is also somewhat of a voodoo witch of sorts , extracts poison from the leaves of a rare plant and secretly feeds it to Barney , causing him to turn into a gorilla at times , mostly during the night.I thought Raymond Burr did alright , when he was n't chewing up the scenery with his sometimes over the top performance , and Barbara Peyton also played her character serviceably well , even thought she seemed a bit dense at times , I supposed due to a love for Barney that I could n't quite fathom , as he was quite the jerk . Lon Cheney , Jr. seemed out of place and miscast as police commissioner Taro , a man of the jungle with a college education who often , through his often-awkward dialogue , struggled with his modern , educated side , and his more primal jungle upbringing . The dialogue was a bit disjointed at some points , and the use of stock footage a bit too liberal , as it really only served to take me out of the story due to the fact it was so obvious . And then there was the gorilla suit ... for the time , I guess it worked , but I could n't help think of it looking like one used in a Three Stooges short . We really did n't get to see it a lot , but when we did , it did n't really convey a sense of danger or suspense , but more of a guy in a fake gorilla suit . I did like the scenery , as it helped achieve the feel of being in the jungle , surrounded and trapped within a living , breathing entity , and Barbara Payton certainly was attractive to look at whenever she appeared on the screen . It 's unfortunate her career was cut short at the age of 39 due to a combination of heart and liver failure , as her personal life spiraled out of control due to abusive relationships and addiction to alcohol . She did manage to put out a tell all biography of her life in 1963 titled , `` I Am Not Ashamed '' that detailed her struggles and misery of her life as a Hollywood screen actress.Mercifully , the movie lasts only 66 minutes , as the end brings about no great surprises . The print here is pretty good , but it does have a number of noticeable flaws as the picture loses a frame here and there . There is a trailer at the very end of the movie , but nothing else in the way of special features . I was n't expecting a masterpiece here by any means , but I was hoping for a little more given all the talent involved.Cookieman108
 This film was one big disappointment . Trading standards ought to be informed regarding the lurid cover art . Not only was Barbara never wearing such a skimpy two piece outfit as shown but even the scene where the gorilla carries her off -LRB- and not a moment too soon I might add -RRB- but could hardly been seen because of the undergrowth and tree branches . There was far too much stock footage of tigers and monkeys and a few snakes -LRB- even killing Barbara s husband off screen -RRB- Then there was Barbara dancing , Barbara sleeping , Barbara getting married ... it just went on and on complete with horrendous love scenes between Burr and Payton talking about their undying love for each other . Where was the action ? well there was nt any !!! Plenty of talk and little else . The whole thing should have been given over to Ed Wood Jr ; then at least we could have had a laugh , maybe Vampira could have flown out of a tree and someone could have dug up Tor Johnson . This 66 minute film seemed to go on for hours and by the end of it I was left wondering who was the real monster in this film , Payton or Burr . Evidently they were both maneaters .
 Yet another film from the Tree Line Sci-Fi package . Being from 1951 , it 's too early to fit into my cinematic quest to see every weird film made in the twenty years before my birth , but I gave it a shot anyway . Here , your honor , is Perry Mason , transmogrified by a jungle witch into a gorilla as punishment for pushing the plantation owner they work for into the path of a posionous snake of some variety . Now I 'll state for the record that the sequences of transformation are not very convincing , but the deceased 's wife is stunningly beautiful , so much so that I stayed awake for the entire movie . Sorry to hear she ended up a toothless hooker . I 'm going to make it a point to read her book , not for any intellectual purpose , but rather so I can bring it up in conversation to make me seem more cultured in Hollywood kitsch that I truly am . Beats wearing a scarf and a pink beret , holding a Cruella DeVille style cigarette holder and pretending to be a -LSB- ... -RSB- Frenchman does n't it ? Oui Oui
 Perhaps not the best example of British sci-fi from the 70 's set in 2003 on a European and American manned moonbase , this series debuted in 1973 approximately three years after Gerry Anderson 's `` UFO '' and aired one year before `` Space 1999 . '' Produced by `` Dr. Who '' Barry Letts and writer Terrance Dicks , one would expect great things form this talented team and a series with James Burke -LRB- `` Connections '' and `` The Day the Universe Changed -RRB- , as a technical advisor.Sadly , this is not the case with `` Moonbase 3 . '' Talky , pretentious , and dull , with laughable special effects along with flimsy sets , `` Moonbase 3 '' tries hard to realistically portray the daily life and hazards on the moon , yet manages to fall flat on its face most of the time . Some of the episodes like `` Outsiders '' and `` Castor and Pollux '' are tense and interesting dramas -- the former about a manic depressive scientist on the base who contemplates suicide , and the latter , about a nailbiting space rescue from a capsule.The minatures used on the series are no better than the average kit you can find at your local hobby store , and the characters protrayed by the actors seem to spend the majority of their time fighting among themselves rather than the elements that threaten their lives on the moonbase . Likewise , the actors portraying the American team are quite laughable with their forced and embarassing `` southern '' accents -LRB- Why do the British insist that every American must sound like a untalented and shoddy understudy of Big Daddy in `` Cat on a Hot Tin Roof ? '' -RRB- Donald Houston is admirable as the commander of this troupe of generally unknown British actors -LRB- with the exception of Ralph Bates from the Hammer horror films -RRB- , with haircuts that seem more appropriate for a amateur production of Shakespeare 's `` Richard III . '' Notwithstanding the interesting premise that producer Gerry Anderson would turn into a short-lived and dubious success a year later with `` Space 1999 , '' `` Moonbase 3 '' is clearly an also ran in the annals of British sci-fi , appropriately regulated to the void of deep space .
 As a long time karate student is was hoping for a bit of quality from Don and his gang at Hollywood Productions . I was disappointed , it 's simply a third rate copy of someones home movie at the Jundokan , poor sound , poor quality video , there was nothing in here that a few minutes on You Tube would n't get you . Another rip off by D.W. . A waste of my money . I would not recommend this and further , not order any other from that company .
 We love all things British . This is a great simple series with much appeal , though it does show its age in its film quality . Flambards was one of our favorites because it was one of the first series in the early 1980s we had ever seen that was captioned . 30 + plus years later and some genius decided that captioning was too expensive or that people 's hearing must be getting better , and there is no longer need for captioning movies -- `` no reason to try to make any money selling this thing . '' Or , with the increase in globalization , it would be better to limit their product to one segment of the population in one language by doing away with subtitles in other languages or even in English . -- how do these people get these jobs ? Unfortunately , we had to send this back as much as we wanted to watch it . I can not tell all of the BBC and British movies that we have had to return or find ourselves stuck with because they are not captioned or subtitled . It is frustrating .
 Gave this to my mother for Christmas as we really enjoyed the series when it aired on PBS in 1980 . Seems I remember the series was Close Captioned for the hearing impaired . This DVD set is NOT.What a sad waste .
 Not one of the best movies I have watched , a bit slow in the first two tapes , do not rush to purchase this one .
 I forced myself to watch the entire first episode to see if it would get any better , IT GOT WORSE !!! The picture is also very grainy as if it was from the 1920 's . Lots of shouting , angryness , sort of dark enviroment . If that is enterntainment for you then this is for you . Definitely not for me .
 What were the producers/directors thinking when they created this ??? It 's real STINKER ... in every respect . I kept hoping for improvement but , alas , it did not happen . About 30 minutes into the second disc , I switched to FF3 for the remainder of the `` story '' . The story line was very weak , the direction nonexistent . I have seen eighth-grade plays that had better acting , and the music -LRB- I use the term loosely -RRB- was atrocious . Not only was it weird , it also frequently drowned out the dialogue ... perhaps that was n't a bad thing , considering . I sincerely regret having spent money for this .
 DO NOT BE FOOLED BY REVIEWERS WHO DID NOT PAY REAL MONEY TO ACTUALLY PURCHASE THIS SET . WHEN YOU SEE THE QUALITY OF THE PICTURE , especially on large screen TVs , IT REALLY HURTS THAT YOU PAID SO MUCH FOR IT.With so many good series to watch , the ordeal of an eye-stain is just not worth it . I felt the people who released this dvd took their customers for granted . This review is about the quality of the picture , not the actual content itself , which is excellent.Watching this on a small screen 14 inch TV helps to reduce eye-strain . There are no sub-titles . As this genre of movies tend to be watched when the brats are asleep , sub-titles help in allowing the volume to be kept down.We know this stuff is dated . Nobody is expecting the picture quality of Gosford Park or Pride and Prejudice . But save this purchase until you have seen the rest . Test your eyesight tolerance with Sorrell and Son . Sorrell and Son will of course get the 5 star reviews.If you have the stomach for the picture quality of Sorrel and Son , you still have some way to go before you can cope with the picture quality of the Flambards.Be warned . People who buy this sort of dvd usually do not have the time or want to put up with the hassle of returning them.November 2009 update
 I think it 's great when people find a series they love , unfortunately , I bought this series on the recommendation of people 's reviews on this site , and found it very weak - I too love a good British dramatic series but this one falls far short of the mark . The music is horrendous , David Fanshawe should be ashamed for writing such a dated soundtrack ! The music is a cross between a silent film of the twenties and a 50 's sci-fi movie - if you could just turn the music track off the series would be 100 % improved . The acting is very broad and at times laughable , I ca n't comment on the story as I have n't gotten past the first two episodes ! I think unfortunately many people 's reviews are based on fond memories when it was first aired , but this series is extremely dated , and I think many people will be extremely dissapointed with it , as I was .
 I could barely give this a 2 star rating . The story is so very dull , the characters are flat and uninteresting . It seems to go on for hours and hours with nothing really happening . I hung in , hoping that things would change and hoping to at least get a small amount of enjoyment after the hefty price of the set . One of the most annoying things about this series is the HORRIBLE sound track . Completely eerie , weird and inappropriate music plays throughout the film . I started to mute it whenever a new episode began , just to get through the credits . If you like early 20th century airplanes OR horses , go for it . But if you want an enjoyable series pass on this one , I wish I had.Check out `` Larkrise to Candleford '' or `` Cranford '' or anything by Catherine Cookson .
 The DVD version of this series is very disappointing . The video quality is quite poor on a large screen display . The soundtrack has dialog which is drown out with loud music , if you want to call it music , which does not add to the story line and is the worst I have ever heard . This series is the least enjoyable British drama we have seen in a long time . We own and have seen most of the British drama which usually is superior to any American movie drama.This series which might appeal to some is just not up to the standards most of us have come to expect of British drama . We did not view more than 2 episodes when we decided this was n't worth the time watching . We recognize that the story line could get better but no series is worth watching when you have trouble hearing the dialog through the horrible music which is like hearing the squeak of chalk on a blackboard . It just is not a beautiful drama in our opinion.The characters are not wonderful and seem to overact at times . If you do chose to watch this series and can get past the technical difficulties and do n't mind the horrid music and can hear the dialog ok then this series could be better than 1 star for you . Many people seem to love this story so you might find this enjoyable . We found this at our local library so there was no harm done watching it except for the time wasted .
 '' ... so let 's completely rewrite it . `` The simple problem with Peter Berg 's `` Friday Night Lights '' is that it tries to be both a blockbuster football movie -LRB- in the spirit of Varsity Blues , The Program , Remember the Titans , etc. -RRB- and a gritty real-life documentary of high school football in the craziest football town on earth -LRB- in the spirit of the book -RRB- . It does n't work because blockbuster football movies are feel-good flicks with simplistic characters and ridiculous football games with predictable outcomes , whereas Friday Night Lights is a story about real people where things do n't work out in the end.The players on the 1988 Permian team had plenty of drama and conflict -- hey , it was enough to fill a best-selling book anyway . Berg and co-writer David Cohen are not interested however , in the subtle nuances of the books characters . Instead they take a snippet from the book and blow it up until it becomes that character 's defining point . Don Billingsley 's somewhat rocky relationship with his father and occasional fumble becomes all-out drunken child abuse and a total inability to carry the football which become focal points of the movie . Mike Winchell , the everyman QB who struggles under the pressure of the Friday Night Lights , becomes The Guy With the Insane Mom . Ivory Christian , a guy who has other dreams and who 's not really sure if he wants to play football anymore , becomes The Guy Who Does n't Talk.None of this is either historically accurate or pleasant to watch . It 's simply the creation of a pair of hacks who knew they did n't have the talent to film the real story.The football scenes are surprisingly few and far between , but overall are a mixed bag . They are an order of magnitude better and more realistic than any previous film , but the games as a whole are predictable rubbish -- Blowout Victory , Blowout Loss , Blowout-turned-Comeback . In order to try and generate suspense , the Panthers are portrayed as a bunch of incompetents except for Boobie -- Winchell is an interception-throwing goof -LRB- He threw 5 INTs all season in real-life -RRB- , Billingsley fumbles , etc. etc. . And at the end , the movie gives up all pretense of trying to look real and switches back to `` cartoon '' mode where the Dallas Carter Cowboys , a team of `` giants '' , knocks the Panthers around like rag dolls in scene after scene . In real life , Permian played them play-for-play and was only down 7-6 at half-time and was leading for most of the game . But really , the cartoonish footage was necessary to attempt to salvage some sense of suspense because the rest of the script utterly failed to.The only plus to the movie was Derek Luke 's phenonmenal performance as the star tailback Boobie Miles who only had one dream -- to play in the pros . Luke WAS that character . In the best scene in the movie , after realizing a devastating injury to his knee has effectively ended his football career , he quits the team , making a few last smart remarks on his way out the door . But he breaks down in the car with his uncle on the way home as he realizes his dreams and his future are gone forever . It was an absolutely gut-wrenching scene because it was a true , unflinching look at the reality of high school football for so many people . Unfortunately , this scene is an oasis in two hours of -LRB- totally fictional -RRB- Tim McGraw beating up his 17 year old son who can only mumble `` Daddy stop . `` Peter Berg should apologize to Don and Charlie Billingsley , apologize to Mike Winchell and his mother , apologize to the entire 1988 Permian team , apologize to Odessa , apologize to everyone who read the book , apologize to everyone who ever played football at any level , refund every penny he made from this movie , and then commit suicide . It would n't make things even , but it 'd be a start .
 I have to agree with D. KirbyI had just finished reading the book and thought what a great movie this would be ; I do n't know why hollywood changed all the facts . Besides getting the players name correct , they did not have to change who they beat and lost to . They only had Permian playing one correct team in the playoffs . Permian was not even in the state championship game that year . Also check out , during the Midland Lee game , the scoreboard shows a Bank Of America logo and then at the end of the game , they show the scoreboard again and it says NTNB.You will like the movie IF you did not read the book .
 I am not quite sure where this movie rates as great or excellent or just about any other superlative that so many want to give it . My girlfriend and I planned a night of `` Friday Night Lights '' with pizza and her big screen . We even skipped `` West Wing '' & `` Law & Order '' to watch it!We must have missed the boat on this one . With films out there such as `` Remember The Titans '' , `` Hoosiers '' & `` Rudy '' ... how can anyone bring themselves to even think about calling this -LRB- one of -RRB- the best spotrs films of all time ? It was terrible ! Both my girlfriend and I agree ... Where was the powerful leading actor ? Who were supposed to sympathize with ? Boogie with the torn ACL ? The kid with the drunk father ? And by the way ... no coach on any football team would take a player 's word for it ... that his knee was fine to play . Now some of you are going to say `` it was just a movie . '' But I contend that IF this is supposed to be a true story then let 's make it real . If a kid tears an ACL , he will get medically cleared to play ... not some `` A-OK '' from a kid and his uncle . All in all , this movie lagged along , had no strength in actors with grea roles , had much build up but no pay off and personally was a waste . Sorry to those of you who loved it or want to love it ... . we did n't .
 I have to say I was very disappointed by this movie . I felt the character development of the players was poor . I was thinking to myself `` do I care if these guys win or not ? '' ... who are they ? Secondly , the shaky video cam movement gets rather annoying . There were some nice football play-shots , but does not overcome the shortcomings of this movie .
 Watched the movie over 14 years after reading the book . As I watched the movie , I kept on thinking , `` This was n't how I remembered it in the book . '' I went back to the book and noticed the following inaccuracies :1 . In the movie it was stated that it was Coach Gaine 's 2nd season . In the book/real life it was his 3rd season as head coach .2 . In the movie it was stated that Coach Gaine 's salary was 60k . In the book/real life it was 48k . This is a prime example of how poor a job that the producers did with this movie that they could n't even get straight how long the coach had been there and what his salary was . There 's no logical explanation for it .3 . In the movie they showed the team practicing at Ratliff stadium . In the book/real life they practiced at the high school , as is the case with just about every high school in the nation - you do n't practice on your game field .4 . In the movie the star running back Boobie Miles suffered a knee injury in the 1st game . In the book Friday Night Lights/real life he injured his knee in a scrimmage .5 . In the movie Permian was shown losing their 2nd game to Abilene Cooper 49-7 . In the book/real life the Permian school district chartered a 737 jet to fly the team 530 miles east to play East Texas power Marshall . Permian lost the game by 1 point .6 . In the movie Permian is shown losing to rival Midland Lee by a touchdown . In the book/real life they lost to Midland Lee by 1 point .7 . In the movie Permian finished the regular season with 2 district losses and in a 3 way tie for the conference title with Midland Lee & Cooper Abilene . In the book/real life Permian finished the regular season with one district loss in a 3 way tie with Midland Lee and Midland .8 . In the movie a 5 round , 32 team playoff bracket was shown . In the book/real life there was a 6 round/64 team playoff bracket .9 . In the movie Permian was shown defeating Dallas Jesuit in the 1st round of the playoffs . In the book/real life they beat Amarillo Tascosa in the 1st round of the playoffs .10 . In the movie Permian was shown beating San Angelo in the second round of the playoffs . In the book/real life they beat San Angelo in the last game of the regular season , and beat the Andress Eagles in the second round of the playoffs .11 . In the movie Permian was shown beating Amarillo in the 4th round of the playoffs -LRB- again , they beat Amarillo in the 1st round in the book/real life -RRB- . In the book/real life the beat the Lamar Vikings in the 4th round of the playoffs . The only playoff game that was portrayed accurately was the 3rd round win over the Irving Nimitz Vikings .12 . The movie showed Permian losing to Dallas Carter 34-26 in the 5th round of the playoffs , the state championship . In the book/real life Permian lost to Dallas Carter 14-9 in the 5th round of the playoffs , the state semifinals . The movie portrayed Permian being stopped on the 1 foot line with no time left . In the book/real life the game ended on an incomplete pass .13 . The movie showed Permian and Dallas Carter officials meeting in Midland deciding where to play the game , agreeing to play the game in the Houston Astrodome . In the book/real life they agreed to play the game at the Univ of Texas Stadium in Austin .14 . The movie showed the star running back who was hurt at the beginning of the movie , Boobie Miles , quitting the team and then rejoining the team for the trip to play Dallas Carter to cheer the team on , showing him forming a special bond with his teammates . In the book/real life , Miles quit the team , never rejoined it , and listened to the game on the radio back in Odessa .15 . The movie portrayed one team captain , Ivory Christian , as a defensive end . In the book/real life he was a linebacker .16 . The movie portrayed another team captain , Chavez , as a defensive back . In the book/real life he was a tight end.There are numerous other examples of inaccuracies in the movie and erroneous portrayals of what actually occurred in the book/real life . Some of the other posters have already commented on many of them . In addition the movie used a bunch of actors obviously in their mid 20s to portray the Permian players . The Dallas Carter players in the movie all appeared to be in their 20s and 30s . These high school players in real life were mostly 16-17 years old . It looks ridiculous to have actors in their 20s and 30s playing a bunch of 16-17 year olds . The movie portrays Odessa as a small town . Its not - its a city of 100,000 . And anyone on here who refers to Odessa as a small town is completely ignorant to the fact its not . The movie also overly and negatively stereotyped the citizens of Odessa as a bunch of ignorant , racist rednecks . That 's typical stereotyping by Hollywood liberals of small city folks and southerners . Some of the real people portrayed in the movie probably even have grounds for defamation of character lawsuits.Its a joke that this movie was called based on a true story , and this is coming from someone who lived in small city Texas for several years and followed Texas high school football . It should have been called what it was-a mostly fictional movie . The movie was typical Hollywood garbage . As usual , whenever Hollywood tries to make a movie based on a true event , they always intentionally and unintentionally get their facts wrong , alter events , and make up stuff that did n't happen . Its not worth even paying $ 4-5 to rent from Blockbuster . The book , on the other hand , is worth the read .
 Is it possible to come away from a film both bored and irritated ? I guess the answer is yes because I 'm both , and I blame it on this highstrung , overacted mess called Friday Night Lights . It 's a sports movie so predictable it 's almost funny , but it has a jitteriness and dark tone with makes it about as hilarious as a tension headache.The movie of course is about football in Texas , where it is taken every bit as serious as Baptist sunday school and honkytonk music , but Friday Night Lights lacks believability . Many of the actors are n't big enough to pose as high school football players , especially for a rural farm-boy town they 're supposedly situated in . It shows a scene where the players are weightlifting in the school gym , and I 'm thinking `` do n't you kids eat ? '' They look no taller than 5 ' 9 '' and scrawny , with no weight to throw around . In a real Texas high school football team - especially one predicted to win the state finals as the team in Friday Night Lights is - the players are a foot bigger and a foot wider -LRB- slight exageration but you get my point -RRB- . This inaccuracy threw me right off , and I had a hard time settling into the movie . No big deal anyway , because the first half suffered uneven pacing and was a little thick in the overdramatization . The second half was better , but still predictable and I had a hard time believing the game time situations or caring about the characters . And maybe that 's it 's most glaring flaw ; the stereotypes and storylines of the main characters was too played out for me . It 's like I 've already seen the movie a dozen times . Blah . Wasted time , wasted money.The positive reviews I 've read about this football flop are misleading and overly generous , and it does nothing for such a fascinating sport .
 This movie is the worst !!! First of all , the plot is almost the exact same as Varsity Blues -LRB- a GREAT movie about Texas football , and it 's funny instead of all weird and depressing -RRB-
 Friday Night LightsI did not like this movie it was really slow and there was nothing interesting . This movie was mainly about some high school kids that were trying to win in the championship . The movie had a few good parts . The movie was crunchy -LRB- weak -RRB- . I thought it could have been a lot more interesting . There was a father that was really cruel and was beating his son to make him keep his only focus on the football playing . It was not as enthusiastic as I thought . You will be wasting your money if you decide to buy or rent this movie .
 Watching this movie , I felt like I was watching a documentary of a High School football team rather than a Football movie . I was very dissappointed because of all the hype around it when it first came out . The only story I enjoyed was the kid who could n't hold on to the ball and his alcoholic father , now that was movie making . If you love football , this is probably a movie for you to watch . If you are like me and just want to watch a good movie and are so so about football , I do n't recommend this movie
 I gave this film 2 stars because I like football . I ordered this on InDemand Pay-Per-View . Half way though the movie , I looked at my fiancee and said ... do you remember `` remember the titans . '' She just laughed . The plot is the same thing minus the race issue . Football team comes from behind in the finals while losing their best player.Remember the titans ?
 Previous reviews made this company seem reputable , but when I got my dvd it was scratched , the audio and video were so terrible I could n't keep it and the writing on the package was half in Spanish.I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS SELLER
 I am sorry . Maybe I am not a sports fan , or maybe I just do n't like being sea-sick at th movies . But , this movie made me crazy.The camera jumped all over the place and I thought I was going to lose my dinner , instead of just $ 10 . I finally left an hour in.I have no idea how it ended , but frankly Scarlett , I do n't give a d * mn !
 This movie is no were near as good as the tv series . If you want real footbal drama watch all the tv series seasons .
 this movie is so bad it isnt funny -- anyone who can sit thru this and enjoy it must be brain dead ! no character development no real plot -- no one u care about - dumb camera work totally unsatisfying ill conceived nothing to work with no point no drama -- no pay off -- just gets worse and worse until u realize watching paint dry is more interesting !! its too bad about decent actors like billy bob -- so few good scripts -- these hacks need work and pour themselves into empty vessels like this -- it was a bad year for movies but this is right there at the bottom ! of all the things ive seen recently a movie called my architect stands out the most -- its a revelation ! the opposite end of the spectrum from this dreck - i only mention it -- to get the stink of friday night lights out of my head !! u wan na see something worth sitting thru -- check out my architect !!
 The DVD I received was not compatible with my DVD player . It is only compatible with US DVD players and not european ones . Im therefore unable to see the film .
 If you like lots of nudity then you just may like this movie.However , if you are looking for some sort of storyline with a decent plot you will not find it in this one.The acting is atrocious with the cast doing little more than reciting lines in many cases.Definitely one for the dustbin .
 I guess back in 1980 this one was groundbreaking , but today it comes across as a very so-so women-in-prison film . The scenes involving women with other women are disappointing and not at all erotic . Yes , there 's some nudity , but not much else . There 's a lot of violence , but it 's mostly stupid stuff that is supposed to look real but looks pathetic instead.There 's one interesting scene near the beginning where the female warden entertains a wealthy woman , showing her a pretty female inmate she can purchase for her own pleasure . A great idea , but later , once she actually owns the girl , their scenes together are bland and unimaginative . And finally , after the girl has tried to run away one too many times , she drowns her in a really fakey scene on the beach . Like I said , unerotic and pathetic .
 Adult flick with a weak plot . Very typical movie of women behind bars . Not a film for anyone under 18 .
 This is one of those times when the average viewer who likes a program and spends some , but not all of their time glued to every episode , wants to know that they have seen it , at least once , through to the end . Then because LIFE happens you know you never got to see how they ended it . Even in rerun , they very seldom run an entire series in order , through to the end , so I am reading reviews about Season 6 and how it was n't as good etc. except for the last 2 episodes , you know the FINALE . Well , this will be the last time I do n't do my homework as other reviewers stated . This is not the last 2 episodes and these 2 episodes are not even written well . What a needless deception and it puts a real bad taste in my mouth and wallet about buying any part of the Series . Catherine
 We love all things British . This is a great simple series with much appeal , though it does show its age in its film quality . Flambards was one of our favorites because it was one of the first series in the early 1980s we had ever seen that was captioned . 30 + plus years later and some genius decided that captioning was too expensive or that people 's hearing must be getting better , and there is no longer need for captioning movies -- `` no reason to try to make any money selling this thing . '' Or , with the increase in globalization , it would be better to limit their product to one segment of the population in one language by doing away with subtitles in other languages or even in English . -- how do these people get these jobs ? Unfortunately , we had to send this back as much as we wanted to watch it . I can not tell all of the BBC and British movies that we have had to return or find ourselves stuck with because they are not captioned or subtitled . It is frustrating .
 Gave this to my mother for Christmas as we really enjoyed the series when it aired on PBS in 1980 . Seems I remember the series was Close Captioned for the hearing impaired . This DVD set is NOT.What a sad waste .
 Not one of the best movies I have watched , a bit slow in the first two tapes , do not rush to purchase this one .
 I forced myself to watch the entire first episode to see if it would get any better , IT GOT WORSE !!! The picture is also very grainy as if it was from the 1920 's . Lots of shouting , angryness , sort of dark enviroment . If that is enterntainment for you then this is for you . Definitely not for me .
 What were the producers/directors thinking when they created this ??? It 's real STINKER ... in every respect . I kept hoping for improvement but , alas , it did not happen . About 30 minutes into the second disc , I switched to FF3 for the remainder of the `` story '' . The story line was very weak , the direction nonexistent . I have seen eighth-grade plays that had better acting , and the music -LRB- I use the term loosely -RRB- was atrocious . Not only was it weird , it also frequently drowned out the dialogue ... perhaps that was n't a bad thing , considering . I sincerely regret having spent money for this .
 DO NOT BE FOOLED BY REVIEWERS WHO DID NOT PAY REAL MONEY TO ACTUALLY PURCHASE THIS SET . WHEN YOU SEE THE QUALITY OF THE PICTURE , especially on large screen TVs , IT REALLY HURTS THAT YOU PAID SO MUCH FOR IT.With so many good series to watch , the ordeal of an eye-stain is just not worth it . I felt the people who released this dvd took their customers for granted . This review is about the quality of the picture , not the actual content itself , which is excellent.Watching this on a small screen 14 inch TV helps to reduce eye-strain . There are no sub-titles . As this genre of movies tend to be watched when the brats are asleep , sub-titles help in allowing the volume to be kept down.We know this stuff is dated . Nobody is expecting the picture quality of Gosford Park or Pride and Prejudice . But save this purchase until you have seen the rest . Test your eyesight tolerance with Sorrell and Son . Sorrell and Son will of course get the 5 star reviews.If you have the stomach for the picture quality of Sorrel and Son , you still have some way to go before you can cope with the picture quality of the Flambards.Be warned . People who buy this sort of dvd usually do not have the time or want to put up with the hassle of returning them.November 2009 update
 I think it 's great when people find a series they love , unfortunately , I bought this series on the recommendation of people 's reviews on this site , and found it very weak - I too love a good British dramatic series but this one falls far short of the mark . The music is horrendous , David Fanshawe should be ashamed for writing such a dated soundtrack ! The music is a cross between a silent film of the twenties and a 50 's sci-fi movie - if you could just turn the music track off the series would be 100 % improved . The acting is very broad and at times laughable , I ca n't comment on the story as I have n't gotten past the first two episodes ! I think unfortunately many people 's reviews are based on fond memories when it was first aired , but this series is extremely dated , and I think many people will be extremely dissapointed with it , as I was .
 I could barely give this a 2 star rating . The story is so very dull , the characters are flat and uninteresting . It seems to go on for hours and hours with nothing really happening . I hung in , hoping that things would change and hoping to at least get a small amount of enjoyment after the hefty price of the set . One of the most annoying things about this series is the HORRIBLE sound track . Completely eerie , weird and inappropriate music plays throughout the film . I started to mute it whenever a new episode began , just to get through the credits . If you like early 20th century airplanes OR horses , go for it . But if you want an enjoyable series pass on this one , I wish I had.Check out `` Larkrise to Candleford '' or `` Cranford '' or anything by Catherine Cookson .
 The DVD version of this series is very disappointing . The video quality is quite poor on a large screen display . The soundtrack has dialog which is drown out with loud music , if you want to call it music , which does not add to the story line and is the worst I have ever heard . This series is the least enjoyable British drama we have seen in a long time . We own and have seen most of the British drama which usually is superior to any American movie drama.This series which might appeal to some is just not up to the standards most of us have come to expect of British drama . We did not view more than 2 episodes when we decided this was n't worth the time watching . We recognize that the story line could get better but no series is worth watching when you have trouble hearing the dialog through the horrible music which is like hearing the squeak of chalk on a blackboard . It just is not a beautiful drama in our opinion.The characters are not wonderful and seem to overact at times . If you do chose to watch this series and can get past the technical difficulties and do n't mind the horrid music and can hear the dialog ok then this series could be better than 1 star for you . Many people seem to love this story so you might find this enjoyable . We found this at our local library so there was no harm done watching it except for the time wasted .
 I bought this video for my granddaughter and we could not watch it because the disk was defective . The half of the movie that we could watch until it started skipping wss good .
 I have not read the book by F.H. Burnett , on which the film was based , or seen the 1995 remake , but I agree with the majority of reviewers who feel that Shirley Temple did not give one of her best performances in THE LITTLE PRINCESS . This film suffers from an excess of overacting , not only from Shirley but also from her supporting cast . As Sara Crewe , the poor little rich girl who goes from `` riches to rags '' , Shirley is unconvincing in all her attempts to display emotion , whether she is grieving over the disappearance of her father or expressing joy when finally re-united with him at the end of the film . Not helping her in any way are the British actors and actresses who fill the supporting roles . They overplay their `` Englishness '' to the point of irritation -LRB- especially Arthur Treacher -RRB- , which seriously detracts from the enjoyment of the film . Shirley , too , overplays the English bit in her song-and-dance routines with Treacher , where she has as much trouble with a Cockney accent as the poor American actress who was stuck playing the part of the Cockney servant girl who befriends Shirley at school . In THE LITTLE PRINCESS Shirley 's talent for dance never has the opportunity to shine , as it did in previous films . It is obvious in the ballet sequence that she did n't have the strength in her feet to dance in pointe shoes , and her duets with Treacher are clearly no match for those memorable scenes when she dances with Bill `` Bojangles '' Robinson in THE LITTLE COLONEL , or with Buddy `` Jed Clampett '' Ebsen in CAPTAIN JANUARY . For children and adults who want to see examples of her dancing prowess , these two films are highly recommended . And to see her performing with that irresistible charm which made her the public 's little darling of the 1930s , take a look at WEE WILLIE WINKIE or POOR LITTLE RICH GIRL . -LRB- A note to fans of Marcia Mae Jones
 I 've only seen two film versions of `` Little Princess ''
 I was dissapointed with this adaptation , as it lacked the spirit and philosophy of the original . Sara Crewe , as originally written , was a thoughtful girl who never was mean to others , even if they treated her badly . The Sara Crewe of this video dumps a bucket of coal on one of the students of the school when she is angered . I knew then that this Sara in no way resembled the Sara I had read about and loved as a child.If you are a big Shirley Temple fan , you will probably like this movie anyway , but if you have ever loved the book , steer clear of this , as it does not do the book justice .
 I have read and reread `` A Little Princess `` over and over and have seen three different versions 1939 1986 and 1995 the 1986 one is the one that closely follows the book the 1995 mostly does with a few changes but despite Shirley Temple 'd fame back then she was horrible in this movie she did not make . very good Sarah there is nothing to save this movie all the characters come off as annoying and nowhere in the book does Sarah ever go searching for her Father she quietly accepted the fact that he was gone even in the 1995 one where he was actually alive now do n't get me wrong I like Shirley 's stand alone movies that is movies that are not based on classic children 's literature because Fox had a tendency to screw those up in any movie not based on a book Shirley is a wonderful actress although I prefer Margaret O Brien
 The quality is really bad . The case and dvd look like they were copied . Very disatisfied and would not reccomend .
 According to Marengo Films own website ... This DVD package does contain the 1939 `` Little Princess '' with Shirley Temple , but unbelievably , this two movie `` bargain '' actually contains a 1968 version of `` Heidi '' starring Maximillian Schell and an unnamed , unknown girl playing Heidi . NOT Shirley Temple ! I was really looking forward to buying this DVD for a friend 's birthday who specifically asked for Shirley Temple movies on DVD . What a huge disappointment !
 This is not the Heidi with Shirley Temple in it !!! Do n't ' be misled to think both of these movies are Shirley Temple because they are n't . I feel it 's kind of misleading . It would be one thing if it said Batman or something , but most people know Shirley Temple made a Heidi movie and assume thats what it is . Well it 's not . Also the quality of this DVD is very poor , and no it 's not my DVD player or TV . Lesson learned the hard way I guess .
 I was extremely disappointed to find that even though this DVD is billed as Shirley Temple that she is only in The Little Princess and not Heidi on the same DVD . Clearly mislabeling and maybe even worse . The Heidi version is from the 1960 's and is an unknown Heidi .
 I purchased this DVD for my granddaughter . The story and the acting are excellent . The copy however STINKS . I rated this copy a `` 1 '' only because there is nothing lower . I have made a note to never buy anything by `` Good Times DVD '' . These people may no attempt to clean up this film , just find any copy , copy it and rip off the public . I am also surprised that Amazon would allow such a product to be sold under its banner . A word to all out there always read the reviews with a 1 or a 2 rating before you buy .
 The Little Princess remains one of my favorite childhood movie memories . Finding the DVD version was simple enough . I was unaware of how widely the quality varied between the different versions available . The first version I purchased from a Canadian group was horrible . This DVD presentation was reasonable but not striking . The image was grainy and lacked that `` Technicolor '' brilliance I had hoped for . All of the DVD and VHS versions seem to be made from one film transfer made from an old print . The color rendering is poor . Some scenes appear almost Black and White . Unlike `` The WIzard of Oz '' or `` The Secret Garden '' I do n't think this was intentional . This version is not transfered from Technicolor stock . I wonder if it was even made from 35 millimeter film . The quality if any in this DVD is from some digital processing available to old video . It does not appear a flying spot scanner or any film restoration equipment was used to create this DVD . The only really nice color image was the cover of the DVD package . I wish someone could find the real Technicolor masters , either the negative or positive film . If you were going to restore one Shirley Temple work , this film would be the one . It is a classic of the time with a glimpse at that time . And Shirley Temple was good in this film . You wipe tears away from your eyes at least twice . And Temple sings a great little song . Did I mention she dances a little too .
 This print is marginal at best . I was diappointed with the washed out look . There has to be a better print out there somewhere for this classic film .
 Do n't get me wrong , I adore Shirley Temple , and have since I was a little girl . This is one of the movies I will refuse to watch though . The magic of the original story of The Little Princess , by Frances Hodgson Burnett , is desimated with this Disney-ized version . The original story has Sara Crew 's father die in war , which entirely turns around the little girl 's fortune . But this film gives it a happily ever after Disney ending in which the father ends up not being dead at all . It ruins the plot entirely , and is a disgrace to the original . If you want a movie that lives up to everything the book was and more , check out the 1995 version `` A Little Princess '' ; beautifully done . If you want a good Shirley Temple Movie , check out Heidi , or Bright Eyes , or Poor Little Rich Girl instead .
 This movie is nothing like the book . Some of the names are the same . The book is about a girl who loses everything and overcomes to become better because of it . This movie is about a spoiled brat . You must remember that both `` A Little Princess '' and `` The Secret Garden '' are a retelling of the author 's life story . While the author changed several things to make it interesting the underlying theme was dear to her heart and the reader is able to feel the emotion that was poured into the pages of those books . The script for `` The Little Princess '' does not have that feeling . In fact , we are given the impression that people call Sara The Little Princess because she pouts when she does n't get her way . In the book , Sara believes that she should try to act like what she thinks a princess should act like , even when bad things happen . This does not change the fact that she has feelings , but she struggles to control them because that is what a princess must do . In the end she is blessed with the wealth of a princess , but it is not until after she has proven her worth .
 I really did not like this movie . Perhaps it is because I do not like Shirley Temple -- all her pouting and her annoying voice . Also , I preferred the Warner Brothers version much better .
 I have not read the book by F.H. Burnett , on which this film was based , or seen the 1995 remake , but I agree with the majority of reviewers who feel that Shirley Temple did not give one of her best performances in THE LITTLE PRINCESS as Sara Crewe , the poor little rich girl who goes from `` riches to rags '' . This film , in my opinion , suffers from an excess of overacting , not only from Shirley but also from her supporting cast . Shirley is unconvincing in her attempts to display emotion , whether it is grief over her father 's reported death , or joy when she is finally re-united with him at the end of the film . Though I never considered her a remarkable child actress , still she seemed unable here to re-create the irresistible charm of her earlier films , which so endeared her to the public of the 1930s . Not helping her in any way are the British actors and actresses who fill the supporting roles . They overplay their `` Englishness '' to the point of irritation -LRB- especially Arthur Treacher -RRB- , which detracts from the enjoyment of the film . Shirley , too , overplays the English bit in her song-and-dance routines with Treacher , and has as much trouble with the Cockney accent as the poor American actress who was stuck playing the part of the Cockney servant girl who befriends Shirley at the school . In THE LITTLE PRINCESS her talent for dance never has the opportunity to shine as it did in previous films . It was obvious in the ballet sequence that she did n't possess the strength to dance in point shoes , and her duets with Treacher can not compare with the memorable scenes of her dancing with Bill `` Bojangles '' Robinson in THE LITTLE COLONEL , or with Buddy `` Jed Clampett '' Ebsen in CAPTAIN JANUARY . For children and adults who want to see examples of her dancing prowess , these two films are strongly recommended . And for those wishing to see Shirly performing at her best , take a look at WEE WILLIE WINKIE or POOR LITTLE RICH GIRL . -LRB- A note to fans of Marcia Mae Jones
 I love the book `` A Little Princess '' and this movie is nothing like the book . The end with Queen Victoria just makes me sick . Do n't buy this movie , but the 1995 version is good , i like that one , or read the book . Shirly Temple was a horrible actress for the part of Sarah Crewe , she was nothing like her . I do n't reccommend this movie .
 This is one of those few times when I like a remake better than the original of a motion picture . I 'll confess that , based on this movie , I 'm not a Shirley Temple fan -LRB- her voice alone is annoying , not to mention her acting ability -RRB- . She is utterly unconvincing as Sara Crew , and that American accent ! Please , can we stop making movies of British literature where all the characters except the main one are truly British ? I know this is done so as to appease and appeal to the idiots on our side of the pond , but really , are we so uncultured and stupid , not to mension spoiled , that we wo n't watch a movie unless it has at least one American actor playing a prominent role ? If I had to choose between these two movies , I 'd definitely see the 1990 's version of this one ; at least there , all the characters are Americanized , so one does n't stick out like a sore thumb . Lisel Matthews ' performance is enchanting , and the movie all around is delightful .
 FINALLY ! It 's nice to see people actually commenting on the Q U A L I T Y of a particular DVD release for a change ; especially when it 's a movie like this one that now has around 25 different DVD releases over the years!Adding my 2 cents , this is one of the WORST quality DVDs of this title , right up -LRB- down ? -RRB- there with UPC 798622308726 and UPC 645961100323 . Do n't bother with this release unless you 'll be watching it on a 19 '' or smaller TV . It is horrid .
 I love the book The Little Princess and I know the book very well . My daughter had to read the book so I treated her to the movie . I ordered a particular movie with a certain cover , unfortunately I did n't get the movie with the cover that I had chosen . This particular movie had points that are alot like the boook but the ending is completely different . It is very dissapointing when you read the book and it does not end the same . Plus the her french teacher in the movie is a lady and she is no where to be found in the book . The cover that I had chosen first I KNOW was alot like the book , when I got my package I knew immediately it would not be the same so I was quite dissapointed . . I watched the movie my daughter decided not to since the endings were different .
 It is VERY dishonest to present the DVD is such a way as to allow the buyer to think they are getting two Shirley Temple classics . Why would anyone package these two movies together other than to mislead the buyer . The picture on the DVD cover shown on Amazon is not what I received.This item should be pulled from Amazon .
 I was surprised to see that Shirley Temple is not the star in Heidi . I feel that I was mislead . Also , the quality is not up to par . I would spend the extra money and buy the studio release of these films .
 This is a neat TV christmas special from the 1990s . The problem is that -LRB- I guess for music licensing reasons -RRB- bad music is dubbed over many scenes.In other words , you see Barbara Eden on you screen but you can barely hear her because there is generic christmas music dubbed over her audio -LRB- I assume to cover up some background music . -RRB- Plus the dubbed tunes are just awful . They sound like old cell phone ring tones .
 I was a bit under the weather for a few days this past Holiday Season , so I curled up with some Christmassy videos that I had never quite gotten around to watching . Most were charming , in a cheesy sort of way . This one , however , was the absolute worst . I do n't even think I 'd put it in a yard sale . I love Mel Torme 's vocals , but while he 's the ostensible host , he does n't really get all that much screen time . And even he 's not at his absolute best . Other performers include Barbara Eden , Crystal Gayle and Paul Sorvino . The acoustics are atrocious , so it 's hard to know whether the Sorvino -- who is certainly an appealing actor -- can actually sing as well , but what 's presented here is not promising . Eden and Gayle keep in low key , and their modest efforts work , for the most part . In between musical numbers , guest hosts provide intros that are completely drowned out by awful holiday music played on a Wurlitzer or something . Someone below suggested licensing problems , which may well be the case . But it is just so ludicrous to see a somewhat distinguished presence like Patrick Macnee or a charming performer like actress Lee Purcell mouth words that you can not begin hear . And that 's ALL they do . If they were in skits or something as well , then their presence might make some sense . As it is , their bits look preposterously stupid and should have been edited out , if they could not be used legally for whatever reason . A completely unenjoyable experience .
 Poor visual effect . Not worth buying this dvd at all . Because film is pale and blurred zero value for this DVD . I will not recomend this DVD to any one waste of money trying to view this DVD.Eisuke Akamine Kobudo Hozon Shinkokai
 Being a Big Fan of Mac Dre , I belive , wait ... I know that this is false advertisement ! Why have Mac Dre on the cover when he is barely in the dvd ??? All you see are a bunch of no name younsters bein stupid doin the same hyphy dance as in treal tv # 1 . For a dvd that has been highly anticipated by Mac dre fans , And pushed back over a year , this is what we get . They are draggin dre 's name through the dirt and taking away loyal fans hard earned money . And why are they still re-releasing the same dre songs over and over again . Sounds like a Jt the bigga figga stunt that was pulled between the 1997-2003 era .
 First off , HBK is the one and only true icon in the history of wrestling , period . He is the only wrestler to back his back in a ring -LRB- 1998 Royal Rumble -RRB- and return 4 years later . And this DVD is the best `` best of Shawn Michaels '' ever . This DVD has all his best know matches . i strongly recommend this to any HBK fan . You are not a true HBK unless you have this . And in closing i will say this DVD is the best release by the WWE yet .
 When I first got this dvd I was ready to see if the matches were great , and boy were they great . Here are the matches from one through ten . With ten being the highest .1 . Midnight Rockers vs. Playboy Buddy Rose & Doug SummersThis match is the worst only because this was when shawn michaels 1st started . It 's also because the AWA was not a big compony . The good part though was when both the Rockers were bleeding big time in like the last 10 minutes of the match .7 / 102 . Razor Ramon vs. Shawn Michaels in a ladder matchNow first off if anybody watched that special on spike t.v. in 2004 about the ten greatest wrestlemania matches ever you know that this was # 3 . This was definately worth it 's expectations . There were a lot of highspots throughout this match the greatest was the splash from the top of the ladder .9.5 / 103 . Bret Hart vs. Shawn Michaels in an Iron man match.Also if anybody watched the program 2 years ago this was # 1 . It is also worth being # 1 because this match went a full 60 minutes with no submission or pin fall . THe single match that followed only lasted about 2-5 minutes because they were really beaten up when it went on .10 / 104 . Big Daddy Cool Diesel -LRB- Kevin Nash -RRB- vs. Shawn Michaels in a no holds barred matchThis was a pretty good no holds barred match where we saw a boot , and the jacknife through the announce table . Of course this was n't the greatest because this was the first match for no holds barred matches , but it was great . 8.5 / 105 . Shawn Michaels vs. Mankind in a no dq matchWell actually the match was just asingels match , but then there were tables in the match , and they broke . Also there were chairs and urn 's used in this match . This was definately a good singels turned no dq match . 9/106 . Shawn Michaels vs. Undertakker in a hell in a cell matchThis was the first and one of the greatest hell in a cell matches I have ever seen . Of course they went outside and Shawn Michaels was bleeding like crazy in this match . The Kane seen was pretty good , but it was n't that good . This match was still awesome though . 10/107 . Shawn Michaels vs. Triple H in a Non sactioned matchIf anybody does n't know what a non sactioned match it 's a no dq match . This was also great which featured Shawn jumping from the second turnbuckle onto the table . 9.5 / 10The extras are good also . Most of them are interviews , t.v. spots , the history between the two superstars , and promos . Some other things are the announcement of the Iron man match , training videos , the Iron man match being the match of the year , a music video , the before they were superstars vignetee , a photo gallery , and a post match beating after the non sactioned match -LRB- warning the footage of the attack is pretty hard to watch . -RRB- So go out and try to find this dvd any where .
 my problem is the fact that shawn v. mankind and shawn v. taker is already on other dvds . they should put his raw match with owen hart , tag match with shawn/austin v. owen/bulldog , or his match with jarret for the ic title instead .
 First off , HBK is the one and only true icon in the history of wrestling , period . He is the only wrestler to back his back in a ring -LRB- 1998 Royal Rumble -RRB- and return 4 years later . And this DVD is the best `` best of Shawn Michaels '' ever . This DVD has all his best know matches . i strongly recommend this to any HBK fan . You are not a true HBK unless you have this . And in closing i will say this DVD is the best release by the WWE yet .
 I received two `` Blood Weddings '' and no `` Shot at Dawn '' . I previously complained about this but have received no response . I am still waiting for a correction .
 I really love the series but this set had shows from earlier set in it and I already had them so I already watched them . I was very disappointed . Set 15 was actually a waste of time and money . I was happy with set 14 .
 What a shame to see a first class detective series run out of gas , capitulating to the low standards of contemporary television . Here we encounter vomiting , nudity , simulated sex , excessive violence -LRB- Want to see an old lady be killed with the world 's largest hatpin ? Want to see every act of violence repeated in case you came in late ? -RRB- , and several actors who seem to be on loan from daytime soaps . The box trumpets the capitulation , quoting from the San Francisco Chronicle
 We love Midsomer Murders . They come in sets . This set had three separate movies each in separate cases . Two were the same and one was completely missing . No response to emails . I went over the 30 days return policy because it was a birthday present . It seems checking the names of the episodes before mailing would be a professional thing to do . I just needed what was supposed to be in the box . I wo n't use this fellow again and suggest you do n't either .
 We own all sets before 15 & this set is NOT the quality as produced in the past . No mystery , no intrique , just a bunch of idiotic characters & no story line . To make it short , the last man in the wheel chair did it -LRB- Shot at Dawn -RRB- , soooooooo obvious . I can see why John Nettles is leaving . With stories like this -LRB- very low class -RRB- & surrounded by bad writers , I would leave too . Do n't waste your money on this one .
 If you want a detective show with some quaintness , not much happening and a slow pace so you can fall asleep in your chair at the old folks home this is the program you 've been looking for . I like murder mysteries but I want a little more happening than detectives just walking around asking questions to the nice townspeople for an hour while watching a cute side story about the lead detective . This is what happens in every show . They might have a slight amount of excitement for a minute near the end of the show but that 's it . The bad guys do n't even seem like they are bad just slightly angry maybe the studio thinks it might frighten the older viewers too much to have some evil people on the show ? This show reminds me of another British show `` Rosemary and Thyme '' which in fact has more going on in it than this show which does n't say much.If you want some British mysteries with a little more excitement and good writing watch `` Inspector Morse '' or `` Cracker '' you will not be let down . If you love `` Murder She Wrote '' from the 80 's or have a bad heart stay with `` Midsomer Murders '' .
 dvd doesnt play like tge dvds in the USA ... it stops constanly and you can not run it from beginning to the end
 Although it 's admittedly a b/c horror flick it was adequately creepy and had the rare and pleasantly surprising feature of no extremely foul language or overly suggestive adult situations . The whole family can watch this one without getting offended.Careful though , the little ones wo n't want to turn out the lights for a month ! ; - -RRB-
 This movie was made in 2002 , if you watch the extra behind the scenes stuff Rachel Skarsten mentions she filmed her pilot for Birds of Prey earlier in the year which was done in 2002 . Nice little horror movie , somewhat creepy but no gore or sex or slasher blood . Just good suspense of the old kind.I rented this because of Rachel Skarsten , it 's one of the few movies she has done and was impressed with her character . Liked how she calmed the boy down and was supportive instead of condemming .
 This movie is for 9 year-olds . Little brother sees monsters no one else sees . Big brother tells him he 's crazy.This goes on for 50 excruciating minutes . BORING.And the `` monsters '' are lame.Nothing ever really happens.The end .
 Super Slow . Not much action . but at least they paid tribute to the Evil Dead . NO gore . No Boobs . Just kids running around the house .
 This movie just ripped off darkness falls and it even failed at doing that . It 's really about helping friends , not turning your back like a punk !
 really saw no point in this movie.Not scary-not entertaining.The acting was good but the movie went nowhere.For what it had to present it was too long .
 Fear of the Dark is a good story line and the young actors were very good , but there was not one scary thing in this whole movie . I 'm not sure why it did n't work , but I guess if you were between 7-13 your imagination would have gone wild with anticipation .
 I watched this cause the reviews saying it was like `` Darkness Falls '' which , to this day , still creeps me out lol So I thought `` Why not ? '' Not even close ! Took a HOUR IN to see anything really scary . Honestly I kept waiting for them to say the kid is crazy . The 12 year old was annoying and was n't very good . The older brother 's girlfriend was pointless . One thing that popped into my head was `` This kid is lucky he has rich parents cause if he had middle class or lower he 'd be screwed if it was real ! '' I mean I 'm glad the boy has such caring parents and older brother , but in the end , a waste of 1hr30mins . Oh well .
 This movie was one of the worst movies I have ever seen . Darkness Falls was a much better movie then this and Darkness Falls was horrible too ! this movie went nowhere and the actual monsters in the movie was maybe shown ... twice for a total of 47 seconds . Very bad movie that was n't scary or well thought out . Yea , little ones will be scared of this movie but then again littles ones get scared at the sight of lmost anything and this movie is far worse that almost EVERYTHING !!
 I must have missed where they labeled this movie a kids ' movie . If you want a clean , gore-free horror movie for kids , this is your choice . I kept waiting ... and waiting ... and waaaaaaiting for something , anything to happen . Nope . I finally fast forwarded through and around 1:15 a few apparitions/monsters started making an appearance . Otherwise , the entire thing is a couple of kids wandering around a darkened house at night . If you 're an adult and must watch this , I suggest you do the same . Fast forward to the last ten minutes of the movie and save your time . Calling this movie lame is being kind .
 Before I even start this review , let me say this
 This is most definitely an `` under 10 Dollar '' film . I had not seen the film , and bought the disc based on the cover and a quick look at the cover blurb , cost was just under 20 dollars ... not worth it.There are some quite good scares at points , but thats about it . Definitely a kiddie horror , say a 3 year old , sort of film . If you get spooked by R L Stine , then you are beyond this film.Some rather good editing at the final moments brings some neat scares ; but , like the first in the SCARECROW films -LRB- where the Actor playing the Scarecrow actually made his own mask -RRB- this is a film that should be avoided if you have any other options AT ALL.AVOID .
 This is a warning for people who like horror movies . This is not a horror movie . This movie might be scary for pre-teens and the uninitiated , but for horror fans this is a tedious and barely watchable 86 minutes.The slip cover is convincing
 These shows are shown over and over when Jim Cramer takes a day off from `` Mad Money '' . Wait until the day before he does a `` Back to School '' special and is on the road or around the holidays .
 This DVD is a recording of one of Mad Money 's episodes . The `` Back to Basics '' title should be taken seriously , as this is too basic for anyone who has watched more than a couple of episodes already . If you really want to know how Mad Money works , get the book `` Jim Cramer 's Mad Money ; Watch TV , Get Rich '' . It 's got way more useful information in it than the short TV show `` Mad Money with Jim Cramer - Back to Basics '' , and will reward your time spent with it .
 I purchased this CD and have tried it on two different DVD players as well as my computer DVD player and it does not work !!! Mine also looked like a copy . Do n't waste your money !
 It 's a well made film but the gay subject matter may be offensive to non politically correct viewers . Pass this one up .
 This movie has one of the most misleading descriptions -LRB- written by its American distributor ? -RRB- that I have ever read . It 's not a criticism of the film itself , but I just wish that film companies could be more honest in their descriptions . I suppose if they wrote an accurate synopsis of this film , then very few people would have seen it . Here 's the description , verbatim , on the copy I rented : `` Martin Compston , William Ruane , Annmarie Fulton and Michelle Abercromby star in this heartwarming coming-of-age film , directed by Ken Loach , about a rough-and-tough Scottish teen who wants to create a home for himself and his mother ... literally . When his mom is finally released from prison , Liam -LRB- Martin Compston -RRB- sets out to raise the money that will buy their dream house . `` OK , what that description does n't tell you is that Liam raises the money by selling drugs , that there 's nothing `` heartwarming '' about the story whatsoever -LRB- I think a better word is `` chilling '' -RRB- , and that the movie is not a coming-of-age tale , but a cinema-verit &eacute; look at the drug and underworld culture of postindustrial urban Scotland . It 's not a bad film , but it 's sometimes gratuitously depressing and dark . If you like really , really dark films about the seedy underbelly of life where there are no heroes and no happy endings , then this movie may be for you . But , do n't go by the description , or you will definitely be disappointed .
 I 've heard good things about this movie , and decided to buy it . The only problem is that I ca n't really understand the actors . Their accent or something . I did n't know the movie was made in Scotland , but also thought I would understand the actors . I should have bought `` Together '' instead .
 this film isnt very good at all.certainly not the masterpiece many claim.first things first , this is NOT typical scottish day to day living.much like a hood film like boyz n the hood , or the film kids , this film shows the most extreme example.and much like kids , this movie offers nothing more than cheap violent thrills and a bit of action.the ending is pathetic.why would he stab the guy at the end ???? the answer is he wouldnt , therefore this it is rubbish !!! im not saying people like this dont exist , but there in the minority , whereas this film pictures this as a normality.its the fact its proporting to be realistic , but is no where near realistic that is the problem.much like the movie kids , rather than offering any answers to the problems , it just says , heres some very silly and misguided people for you to have a laugh at.the plotline is very poor , not really following a logical course , building up to the poor ending.realistic ??? scottish people dont talk to each other like that !!!! i should know.ok , a very small number do.some of the dialogue is laughable in places.all of this smacks of a poorly constructed and hastily made film.and i dont think the lead character is acting that childishly brash little rogue he plays in the film , as any interview ive ever seen him in he comes across exactly like that.in short a poor movie .2 out of 5 .
 I really do n't like this `` best of '' because I ca n't stand that they included clips and montages instead of the entire skit at times . The skits that Farley was in were absolutely hilarious , and you 'll want to watch the entire thing but you wo n't be able to on this DVD . I 'm a huge fan of Farley and just thought that this collection was only ok , maybe for someone who likes Farley and just wants a basic reminder of how funny he was . I wish a longer and more complete SNL Best Of would come out . As somebody said earlier a volume 2 would be great , especially if the skits were n't dissected so much . It reminds me of an E special of best of SNL , where they only show 5 seconds of the skit they say is great .
 I was looking forward to this DVD.Man , a let down.In all of the Best of SNL DVD 's they always leave out fan favorites.A favorite bit of mine `` Super Fans '' we ONLY got the famous Michael bit and a cut up sketch.The Chris Farley Show . 3 cut up ones including the famous Paul McCartney one.Other famous sketches/characters 1 full sketch and then cut up ones . Matt Foley Motivational Speaker one complete sketch & then cut up ones.Showing him falling & his physical bitsJust a big disappointmentWHERE IS THE FAMOUS , I LOVE PARTRIDGE FAMILY SKETCH ?
 This DVD was just so-so . There were a few skits that were funny , but the physical comedy thing wore on me . His shtick was that he was morbidly obese , which is not funny . I wish I had never bought it . It was a waste of money and a waste of my time .
 This DVD was great and included all of my favorite sketches with Chris Farley.It has almost been a decade since he has been gone and I still miss him .
 It starts very funny then gets kind of repetitive and a bit boring . Cool interview with Paul McCartney . I gave it 2 stars because if I had to do it again I would n't buy it .
 I do n't know if this movie is any good because I could never get it to download online via Amazon . . Multiple browsers and attempts were tried ... it started to download or connect and then went nowhere ... no good directions from Amazon 's tool on how to correct it -LRB- load a plug in ? different browser ? -RRB- were offered that solved the access issue .
 Detective Comics from the late 30s and 40 's portrayed Batman as a crime fighting detective / vigilante . The nonsensical and totally absurd TV series / movie was based on what the books had become by the 50s and early 60s . A low point in sales for DC at the time.Batman first appeared in Detective Comics # 27 -LRB- May 1939 -RRB- . The character was originally written in the style of the pulps and this influence was evident with Batman showing little remorse over killing or maiming criminals and was not above using firearms . Batman proved a hit character , and he received his own solo title in 1940 . By 1942 , the writers and artists behind the Batman comics had established most of the basic elements of the Batman mythos . In the years following World War II , DC Comics adopted a postwar editorial direction that increasingly de-emphasized social commentary in favor of lighthearted juvenile fantasy . The impact of this editorial approach was evident in Batman comics of the postwar period ; removed from the `` bleak and menacing world '' of the strips of the early 1940s , Batman was instead portrayed as a respectable citizen and paternal figure that inhabited a `` bright and colorful '' environment.It has also been suggested by scholars that the characters of Batwoman -LRB- in 1956 -RRB- and Bat-Girl -LRB- in 1961 -RRB- were introduced in part to refute the allegation that Batman and Robin were gay , and the stories took on a campier , lighter feel . In the late 1950s Batman stories gradually become more science fiction-oriented , an attempt at mimicking the success of other DC characters.By 1964 , sales on Batman titles had fallen drastically ; Bob Kane noted that as a result `` DC was planning to kill Batman off altogether . '' Editor Julius Schwartz was soon assigned to the Batman titles and presided over drastic changes . Beginning with 1964 's Detective Comics # 327 -LRB- May 1964 -RRB- - cover-billed as the `` New Look '' - Schwartz introduced changes designed to make Batman more contemporary and return him to more detective-oriented stories.And then came the TV series and movie . Although both the comics and TV show were successful for a time , the camp approach eventually wore thin and the show was canceled in 1968 . In the aftermath the Batman comics themselves lost popularity once again . As DC Comics editor Julius Schwartz noted , `` When the television show was a success , I was asked to be campy , and of course when the show faded , so did the comic books . `` Starting in 1969 , writer Dennis O'Neil and artist Neal Adams made a deliberate effort to distance Batman from the campy portrayal of the 1960s TV series and to return the character to his roots as a `` grim avenger of the night . '' O'Neil said his idea was `` simply to take it back to where it started . I went to the DC Comics library and read some of the early stories . I tried to get a sense of what Bob Kane and Bill Finger were after . `` O'Neil and Adams first collaborated on the story `` The Secret of the Waiting Graves '' -LRB- Detective Comics # 395 , Jan. 1970 -RRB- . Few stories were true collaborations between O'Neil , Adams , Julius Schwartz , and inker Dick Giordano , and in actuality these men were mixed and matched with various other creators during the 1970s ; nevertheless the influence of their work was `` tremendous . '' Giordano said , `` We went back to a grimmer , darker Batman , and I think that 's why these stories did so well ... Even today we 're still using Neal 's Batman with the long flowing cape and the pointy ears.In essence , DC Comics hated the way the Batman TV series / movie butchered their crime-fighting detective . The proper and most accurate point of reference that one should subscribe to are the original comic books - Tim Burton it seems did to a degree and Christopher Nolan has most definitely given us the best portrayal of the `` classic '' Batman.At the end of the day , if you like the campy style , that 's fine . I just like keeping up with all the historical facts of a fictional character spanning almost 70 years.For reference , parts of this commentary was accessed from Wikipedia and yes I do have a comic book collection into the thousands with several hundred Batman books dating back to the early 60s . It 's interesting that a lot of people seem to think that comic books are for kids only and that they should just provide slapstick entertainment , devoid of intelligent dramatic dialogue and social commentary.In fact comic books have been a great study resource because of their anthropological reflections.Look at what Stan Lee , Jack Kirby , Steve Ditko and many other great storytellers and artists did in the early 60s at Marvel Comics . Super hero comic books that were wonderfully entertaining , incredibly scripted , dialogue that was realistic , dramatic , fun , quirky , serious and occasionally touching on social commentary.What a great balance . It 's little wonder Marvel Comics has remained at the top of it 's field and even better that DC Comics in the late 60s returned to faithfully representing the true classic Batman ethos .
 The Beginning of the End ... Off starts the second season with more gadgets and more guest stars but somehow this probably started to hurt the popularity of the show . It got into a rut , the plots became very similar , heres a breakdown of the plot ,1 -RRB- Villain enters town2 -RRB- Gordon calls Batman3 -RRB- Batman and Robin go to the Commissioner 's office4 -RRB- The duo go after the criminal5 -RRB- They get caught and put in a trap6 -RRB- By some incredible means they escape7 -RRB- They chase the villain8 -RRB- A fight with the bad guys9 -RRB- Justice prevails and off to prison the villains goIn the first season , everything was fresh and new but after a while , it became too predictable . They added a ton of huge guest stars the second season which did keep viewers coming back to a certain extent . Another reason the show slipped in the ratings had nothing to do with the actual show ! Other networks deciding that since Batman , a superhero , was a great hit , why not introduce their own version of a character in the new fall line up of 1966 -LRB- remember , Batman came on in January before the regular fall release in September -RRB- . These shows included , Mr Terrific , Captain Nice , then the cartoons followed suit with no less than 6 super hero cartoons.The American public was overloaded with Superpowers .
 But this for my kids and it was the most boring movie I have ever watched.The shows are more entertaining to watch then the movie .
 The Batman TV series are actually awful . It simply does not fit to Batman such campiness . If it was Spider-Man , I would say OK . Spidey is already campy in the comics . But Batman is , you know , dark , gothic . The Tim Burton films depicted him perfectly . But this ... the performances of the actors make Jim Carrey in Ace Ventura look serious . The bat-gadgets have an awful design . The suits would deserve Anti-Oscars ... Anyway , if you are a ` serious ' Batman fan avoid this film . It is NOT Batman . It is a bitter parody of the Bat . END
 I 'm not even sure where to begin about this god-awful nightmare of a movie.All I can really say is that , that is a TOTAL disgrace to Batman 's name and character.Since when does Batman fight crime in the daytime ? Kinda defeats the whole purpose of being the `` dark knight '' does n't it ? And Boy Wonder Robin is just a high school nerd in tights.Complete Camp Crap ... just like the 60 's show.Any TRUE Batman fan would hate this as much as I do .
 This film was the dumbest thing since alien pops with cheese , but I loved it ! `` Wham ! Bap ! Zang ! '' were constantly being showed in combat scenes . Batman Forever was the best because it was seriouse -LRB- see my review on it -RRB- , but this film -LRB- although stupid -RRB- is downright funny ! Ha ha ! This movie does not -LRB- or so it seems -RRB- even make an attempt to be serious . See it anyway and laugh you pants off !
 Oh dear , my mates will hate me for saying this but I had a really hard time sitting through this.I loved it when I was a kid but seeing it now I just found it way too tedious , boring and far too long.For die-hard fans only .
 Like many things from childhood , there 's a sheen to them that can only exist in memory . A childhood home will look smaller , a favorite food wo n't taste as good , and The Batman movie will be revealed to be a horribly campy Bat-disaster . Having enjoyed the Batman series as a child , I was surprised to return to it as an adult and find it jarringly bad . Even nostalgia did n't allow me to watch the entire thing .
 Well I purchased this 2008 version and have learned it is identical to the 2001 release . All the interviews are from the last release . The only difference is the packaging ! All the interviews mention the 35th anniversary of Batman the series but we are now at a 42 year anniversary . Its a great movie with wonderful extras but it would have been nice of Fox to add a little something extra since they re-released this disc . If you own the 2001 edition as I do you will be disapointed spending more money for a package with a red bat . Well I guess that is one way for Fox to ride the coat tails of Warner Bros pending the new Dark Knight movie.Do not waste your money on this edition if you have the 2001 edition !!!!
 The original `` Star Trek '' seems less dated than this . Great for entertaining kids and on the adult side -LRB- aside from the ambiguously gay relationship between Bruce Wayne and `` ward '' turned boytoy Dick Grayson -RRB- the Catwoman is adorable , especially in her turn as a faux James Bond-esque Russian hotsty-totsy reporter romancing Bruce Wayne . But my God , Shatner did n't have as many dramatic pauses!And what was up with marking the Bat Ladder `` Bat Ladder '' ? I realize this was before `` Jaws , '' but if you 're going to have a shark attack , do n't have it with an obviously fake shark.In the interest of full disclosure I was never fond of the original Batman series .
 Here 's a list of everything Batman related that is better than this : ** everything except the Batman and Robin movie with George Clooney -LRB- tie -RRB-
 I LOVED this movie when I was a little kid . I must have watched it a million times . And I was a big fan of the TV show too . Now , years later and I 'm an adult , watching this movie is very painful . I 'm sorry but it 's just terrible . Adam West has got to be the worst actor in the history of the world . He was a horrible Batman ! Even worse than George Clooney ! He could have used some time at the gym too . That pot belly does not make Batman look too powerful . Burt Ward is a great Robin when his mouth is closed . He looks great but his dialog is just annoying . The Joker , Penguin and Catwoman were all stupid . I loved the Riddler though . My God , who wrote this script ? Super villains get together to turn the world leaders into sand ? Even with them gone the world seems to run just fine . It does n't do any good to question the storyline in this movie . It 's best to just not watch it . Adam West was by far the worst part about the movie .
 -LSB- Update
 The delivery of this item was top-notch . It got here pronto and in perfect shape , just like the majority of the good reviews about this vendor said it would . I chose to buy this item for my little boy from Electric Fantasies because the business had such good reviews.Unfortunately , when I got it , it was the wrong thing . Let me be clear -- THAT IS ENTIRELY MY FAULT . I was looking for a DVD of Batman , and what I bought , accidentally , was a UMD movie for PSP . It came up in the search I put into Amazon for the DVD , and I did not look closely enough before buying.However , I have now written to the company THREE times . Each time was two weeks apart . I have asked if it is possible to return the item -LRB- it has not been opened -RRB- for all or partial credit and get a DVD instead . I do n't have a PSP and I do n't want one . Of course , I offered to pay the shipping and any additional costs that may be accrued in acquiring the DVD . And , I also said that if the DVD cost less , that I would be happy to let the profit be kept.I do not think that it is unreasonable to ask for a simple yes or no answer , especially in light of the fact that I have tried to be upfront and conciliatory about the matter . As I stated , good , professional delivery -- bad follow up . Make sure you know exactly what you are getting with this vendor , or you will be stuck with something you do n't want .
 We ran out to get this DVD the day it came out ! When we got home and put this in for my son , we were horrified to learn that we paid money for a TV episode that we have taped many times over on PBS Kids . It is a nice episode but you can get it for free on TV . There should be a warning on the box that this is from TV show and SEEN BEFORE !
 I have n't had time to contact the seller of this item , but when I received the DVD it would not play . I think it is blank . I would like to send it back & receive a new one .
 The Dvd that amazon sent me only worked one time and then it broke . I left the country the day after I receieved it and did not have time to send it back . I called and tried to get through to a customer service rep once , but I was put on hold for 10 minutes . I eventually hung up and I am now stuck with a broken dvd . What a waste of money .
 I purchased this video because my young grandchildren wanted a video on baby animals at the zoo . I was horrified when my 6 yr . old granddaughter was watching it -LRB- I was n't paying close attention -RRB- and said that a part was so sad . I rewound it , and much to my horror , they showed the killing of baby chimps in some third world country . this was not exactly what I had in mind !!!
 We get to see more Julia than orangutan . We did not hear a lot from those who devote their time to saving the orphaned babies in the wilderness . We watch as Julia castes shallow indifference to local people who tell her of orangutan attacks on women . Then at the end Julia places herself and the lives of local workers in danger . Insisting she must meet a male orangutan who is by nature unsocial , the event is arranged . After she repeatedly calls to the male who is ignoring her he begins advancing . Julia ignores her sense that a 400 lb wild animal is a dominant creature and stays to talk . Next the male grabs her by the arm and begins to place her in the mating position . Men are seen intervening as this huge animal is obviously turning to make a stand . The tape is cut and Julia assures us everyone including the orangutan is ok and she is thrilled . A good reason she should have stayed home . I ca n't believe this was ever published , it certainly makes me reluctant and more cautious about buying any other PBS ` home ' movies . I surprised anyone outside her family would be interested .
 Goldie Hawn offers a whole new meaning to the word `` insipid . '' I thought she abandoned her `` dumb blonde '' image when Laugh-In was canceled . Apparently not . The only thing she knew less than elephants was Indian culture and Hinduism . This was painful .
 `` Where 's the elephants '' , this is what my two year old daughter said throughout the tape . If you want to see a `` Goldie-fest '' as my wife called it , buy this tape . If you want to see elephants , and keep your young children interested , find something else .
 I heard great things about Barbershop 2 . The first is alright , but this movie starts nowhere and goes nowhere.The only good character is really Cedric , and they show alot of him through flashbacks -LRB- just like Memento -RRB- . As for the others , they are n't anything special . I did n't laugh at any of the commercials and this movie did n't make me laugh once . The only real saving grace is that they did not choose annoying actors for the lead rolls.I would call this movie a cash-in , but that 's not what this is . This movie is simply not well done , and is n't funny .
 the barbershop series is kind of a downgrade ... . the first one was HI-larious ... . th second one was kind of a lackluster ... . no funny funny like the first movie ... . i dont blame the cast one bit , it is america and how offended people can get ... people in america take things way too serious ... its a movie it is not real !!! they are all jokes ... . that is what happend to the 2nd movie they tried to keep it tame ... i could see if the movies switched places but it did not happen.the funniest parts actually came from kenan thompson -LRB- from kenan and kel on nickelodeon and SNL -RRB- he was mad funny ... . AND queen latifah . the only part in the movie i was looking forward to was the bar-b-que when queen latifah and cedric the entertainer 's characters . they could have ranaway with that scene and made the movie a classic but that scene was way weak ... if you have not seen the 2nd movie DO NOT expect anything more than brady bunch humour ...
 This movie is nothing special , Barbershop 1 was way better . Do n't get me wrong i mean u can easily sit through it . I guess it is pretty stupid to do a sequel on a hairdressing salon . Throughout the movie ice cube is like oh no another salon has opened -LRB- nappy cutz in which gina -LRB- queen latifah -RRB- works . The movie has like 2 funny moments in it . Sequels should be left to people who do interesting horror films -LRB- I know what u did last summer , scream -LRB- 1,2 +3 -RRB- ... The point is do n't buy this DVD , just rent it .
 Nothing special about this movie . Maybe this is the cutting room material removed from the floor during Barbershop 1 . The new high-tech spa style barbershop storyline was n't that great . I was more interested in old man Eddie 's flashbacks and a woman from his past . When Eddie finally ran into the mystery woman after 30 or 40 yrs later at the subway/train/loop , the directors did n't take the story any further . Maybe the writers and directors will make Barbershop 3 ... I hope not . Please do n't buy this , rent it .
 why do i want to watch lazy people act lazy on camera . The formula is for uneducated people to think they and their homies are cool for watching this movie . ice cube feeds of the poor and gets richer day by day .
 Why am I going to waste my time listening to these loudmouths . I can go to any clinic to hear it . The only good actor in the movie was Tom Cruise .
 This movie was n't very funny and I really did n't like Cedric 's character.Half of the time you could n't understand what he was saying.He was talking like he had marbles in his mouth.Some people might find that funny but I thought it was just annyoing.The best person in the cast was Quenn Latifah and unfortunatly her role was n't that big.She was great in Beauty Shop though.I suggest you see that movie instead .
 First barbershop was terrific . This one lacks everything the first one had . It seems as though all they did was take every famous black actor and throw them together in a movie along with a crappy script and b movie quality storyline . Dont waste your time unless youre that big a fan of Ice cube or Cedric .
 I hate this show . I hate those responsible for it . I hate those who watch it . This show revolves around a sea spounge -LRB- looks like a kitchen spounge -RRB- who works as a fry cook under the sea . The characters are all annoying completly unenjoyable . Nothing looks like its underwater . Those responsible for the show should be punished with being forced to watch there creations . One of the worst if not the worst show on television animated or not .
 You can use a sponge to wipe up a mess , andwhat a mess a sponge can become . Some utterlyfilthy sponges expel their filth on unsuspectingchildren and parents.Speaking of parents , where are the parentsof Spongeboob Loosepants and Patlick ? They seemfar too young to be living on their own . Perhapstheir burning desire for each other did n't sittoo well with their unaccepting parents . I 'm simplyspeculating ... maybe their folks just threw inthe sponge.WARNING
 boy nickolodean will do anything to get a buck . what a good idea to make ppl waste money on the 14 dollar dvds that only have 9 episodes on them for the past 2 years . are people just supposed to throw those dvds away ? even if parent bought them for their children , they are still going to want the complete first set because it says `` sponge bob '' on it . . what a good idea , wish it was mine .
 I ca n't believe anybody likes this garbage . What a ridiculous idea . Remember when cartoons used to teach children pertinent lessons and morals ? Too bad that was lost to cheap animation and crudeness .
 As if we need more spongebob ! there 's 3 reasons why it 's bad :1 . we see over 100 episodes of spongebob a week .2 . these are reruns that you see at least 3 times a month .3 . there 's 40 episodes and 90 minutes of bonus features!so please do n't buy it . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I 've written Spongebob Squarepants on -LSB- . . -RSB- to see how much this show sucks , Made by Bowlinguy119 -RRB- . Yep , this show has everything , the humor is major annoyance and abysmal , so annoying , its bad !! The acting they played can be annoying at sometimes . the characters in this are extremely annoying , Spongebob however , is an idiot that he is always happy and he 's getting on my nerves , Patrick is another one to these characters that hangs around with Spongebob a lot , Squidward is just a grouchy , grumpy neighbor who does not hang around with Spongebob and Patrick.I really do n't understand why this crap is so popular . Maybe because of the characters interact with each other or the humor . I used to watch Spongebob up until 2006 . When I watch it now , I soon realize how stupid this show is . Now there making new episodes on Nick , it keeps getting stupider by the minute ! Now Nickelodeon is not the same anymore with shows like this.All of that annoyance drives me crazy , If you want to watch a good , awesome TV show , then go watch Beyblade , Robot Wars , South Park , and Battlebots ! But . . If you want to watch a show that is so boring , lame , awful , and horrible , then Spongebob is for you.I did n't care for it at all.It was an abomination.Avoid it at all costs !! This show is pathetic .1 / 10
 I was not happy when i relized my granddaughter had gotten ahold of my kindle which she never uses and bought this . Item . When I went into it to try to cancel it I could n't . So now I have sponge Bob on my kindle and no one watches it . What a waste of money .
 Where is Help Wanted ? How can this be the `` complete '' first season without this episode ? The Spongebob fan in our house is really disappointed .
 Boo ! got charged for a &#34; free &#34; video that I did n't want in the first place -LRB- thanks 2 year old -RRB- . How can I prevent him from buying anything in the future ?
 I recently was charged for this video which I purchased from amazon.com because Netflix does n't have the Spongebob pilot , and it 's our favorite . I was charged the $ 1.99 on my account , but the video was never downloaded . I tried multiple times and was even willing to repurchase -LRB- which I attempted -RRB- but nothing happened . I am not pleased with the site service .
 What a waste of money . Why , nick , why ? Okay , so , first you advertise all the spongebob dvds with 8 episodes , then you reduce the number to 6 episodes per dvd , then you start putting episodes already on dvds on new ones then you bring out this . You @ $ $ holes . I think people should sue Nickelodeon for not getting the proper WRITTEN PERMISSION to use the song in Help Wanted . Oh , yes its on at least once every month . Does n't this mean that nickelodeon has broken the law ? I 'm no lawyer , but , Nick , i tell you , breaking the law has bad consequences .
 I have faithfully collected all Midsomer Murders and greatly enjoyed most of the episodes , with the exception of a very few silly bloopers . Set 16 is disappointing , although it is , once more , mildly pleasant to follow Barnaby and Jones in their exploits . The scripts in this installment are needlessly convoluted , often outright bizarre and utterly unbelievable . `` Midsomer Life '' is poorly written , the other three have elements of the supernatural which fail to convince not only Barnaby , but also the intelligent viewer . Gothic settings abound , and when you see Barnaby and Jones , at night and alone , stumbling around in the woods like the Keystone Cops , you realize that the humor is not all intentional . This is plain old stupid . So are the Halloween and Christmas backdrops , not to mention witchcraft and the pagan cult . As we do n't get all the British episodes in Acorn 's US packaging , I suspect that these four were especially chosen for the American market - presumably the lowest common denominator . Unless you are addicted to the series , skip this one .
 I can understand why this is n't the most popular season of Midsomer Murders -LRB- Season 16 -RRB- . Dont get me wrong , I am a huge fan of Midsomer Murders , but Season 16 was just not up to par with earlier or later episodes . I do n't know if they were just goofy scripts , or if John Nettles was looking forward to retiring from the series , but the stories didnt seem that interesting and the interaction between Banaby and Jones was uncomfortable and somehow felt out of place . The next two series are much better and I am looking forward to Season 19 when it is released in February .
 I have enjoyed the Midsomer Murders series through tv and now DVD 's since the series began . . I have never had anything to say that was n't full of praise . Acting superb and plots ingenious . Set 16 , however , was a disappointment . The plots were quite wild , the scripts ridiculous , The acting crew was stilted - maybe they were n't happy with the scripts they had to deal with . And the chases - I am critical of American tv because they rely on chases to fill up time . I find them quite boring and sincerely hope that British tv will not follow in the footsteps of the US productions .
 Oh my ! Contrived plots and , in some cases , just plain bad acting . We are so disappointed in this set . We will continue to enjoy the first 15 sets but wo n't be adding to our collection .
 I think a film school dropout directed and edited these shows ... `` Midsomer Life '' for me , is unwatchable ... the camera does n't stay on the subject for more than a second or two ... before flashing to another subject ... I would think this kind of editing would be very expensive ... cut here ... cut there ... cut cut cut.Sad because , I really loved this series .
 We have all 15 available sets of Midsomer Murders and were looking forward to set 16 . Who 's kidding who , this set 16 is a joke . The story lines are so contorted it 's practically impossible to follow anything that resembles a plot . There was nothing `` clever '' about any of it . The sense seems to be that the series is at or near the end and why not play on the great success of the prior mysteries by hashing together any sort of nonsense for a buck . Do n't waste your money . One wonders if a `` set 17 '' will actually make the video editors screen.The actors and actresses seemed to perform well , given what they had to work with . But even they could n't make up for terrible story lines ... Midsomer Murders
 It 's another bout of aliens chasing pinhead humans through some high-tech ultra-secret lab -LRB- if you ever caught `` X-Tro2 '' or `` Resident Evil '' you know what I 'm talking about -RRB- . The alien is actually a morphed human - a schmo scientist infected when he 's bitten by an alien specimen . Just to give you an idea of the flick 's many lapses in reason - the guy is experimenting on a nasty looking alien looking like a pair of jaws with a body wrapped around it . When he accidentally drives the creature into a rage , it bites him severely . Now the alien looks pretty dangerous , so the scientist uses a glove-box ... which proves nowhere near sufficient to keep him safe . -LRB- You call yourself a scientist ?! -RRB- . The flick starts off looking pretty scary because it sounds scary - heavy breathing makes you think that something is always about to pop-out . Eventually , the metamorphosis is complete , and the scientist turns into something huge and loud -LRB- but not so huge that it ca n't navigate the lab 's narrow hallways , or so loud that it wo n't warn away its prey -RRB- . Although this is a bio-chemical lab , there 's some nuclear proton thingee kept in a room big enough to let the alien thingee in . Also , despite the hazards involved , the sole support our heroes can rely on is a dim-witted security guard who 's armed with the world 's only nine-shot revolver . Weak FX , dumb lines -LRB- and not in the fun way -RRB- and dim characters make this a movie you want to fast-forward through - only to confront a dumb ending . Is it so hard to make a flick that 's funny or that can at least poke fun at itself in the `` Basket Case '' or `` Evil Dead '' mold .
 I did not look at the product when it arrived at my house . When went to the lake for camping was playing the dvd and noticed it had disc 1 , disc 2 , disc 4 , and disc 4 . It had 2 disc 4 and no disc 3 . I have not had any problems with the other dvd 's but season 7 .
 this show started going down hill at the end of season 3 everything they do seems so fake what turned me off even more was when i read an article stating that this show has been using actors as diner guests , and how the camera was always conveniently caught all the customers leaving
 Gordon Ramsay is -LRB- in -RRB- famous for his acerbic wit , his searing barbs , and his YELLING . Now he is great as a mentor onMasterChef CookbookOn `` MasterChef '' , he shines as he teaches home cooks the basics of the kitchen . There are creative challenges , and the cliffhangers work . Who will get booted ? Who will excel ? InGordon Ramsay 's Kitchen Nightmares , Vols . 1-2 , he mentors struggling restaurants . He offers them renewal , gives helpful tips , and he 's very much into sanitation . Think of `` Extreme Makeover
 I liked this movie , and I agree Miranda is a hottie . I do n't feel that this movie did justice to Shakespeare . I mean you take a play written by the greatest writter in history and turn into a made for T.V. movie ? Come on , whose Idea was this ? I did like the special effects . I wonder what Shakespeare would have done if he were alive today .
 Despite the title , this film contains none of Shakespeare 's language except random words like `` daughter , '' `` the , '' and `` and . `` For NON-Shakespeare buffs , I 'd say it 's a decent tale , setting the play 's retold events in the American Civil War . It 's a good combination , since we understand the emotions of the tale better in a known context , while the story shows us a different angle on the war . Overall , though , the combination does n't quite jell.Some things work very well . The portrayal of Ariel as a black slave is meant to set viewers on edge , especially since Prospero -LRB- I 'm sorry , that 's Gideon Prosper -RRB- refuses to set him free for most of the film -- one of the clearer signs that Prosper is not just a wronged hero but a driven man who hurts others with his singlemindedness . Judging by other review comments , the director succeeded in making his point.However , Ariel sounds and acts so clearly like a modern urban black man that it 's hard to feel he was raised a slave and a member of a very different culture.Peter Fonda does a good overall job with Prosper , but the director -LRB- and/or scriptwriter -RRB- does n't convince us either why Prosper took up Voudun in the first place or why he gave it up in the end , which limits our understanding of the character.But the loss of Shakespeare 's language , in exchange for modern clarity of a tale that does n't make that much sense without it , adds up to a film I certainly do n't plan to keep .
 I was , no , I am deeply disappointed in this film . Who said that just because a movie is `` made for TV '' it is allowed to completely eliminate all acting skill , story line , and meaningful plot elements ? This film is a hodgepodge of ideas taken from the story , trying desperately to cling together to form a plot . I have read The Tempest , it was good . I watched this movie , it was not . The only way that this movie could redeem itself would be if it were on Mystery Science Theatre 3000 . It takes chutzpah to put your name on a film like this . Peter Fonda should run for president with nerves like that .
 The movie The Tempest with Peter Fonda completely failed to display the quality and meaning of Shakespeare 's play . The whole mystical feel of Shakespeare 's play was lost . The setting of the story made no sense . The actors were terrible and the civil war did not fit in . All in all I would n't ever recomend this movie to anyone . To put anyone through that torture is cruel and unusually punishment . If you want a good and meaningfull story read Shakespeare 's play .
 The movie `` The Tempest '' with Peter Fonda has great potential . Or at least that 's what I thought before I saw it . The play by William Shakespeare was interesting , thought provoking ; however , I was only provoked to laugh while I was watching it . Hollywood took the Renaissance age of England and mutated it into Civil War times . Rather than the noble kings and dukes they are all meant to be , they are rich plantation owners in the deep south . The magical island Prospero once inhabited is now a swamp , and the character Caliban is now `` Gator Man '' -LRB- which , by the way , sounds even worse when said with a southern accent -RRB- . How proud Shakespeare must be . `` The play was so good , how could the movie be that bad ? '' you may ask yourself . Well if you neglect to notice the bad script and the southern accent that fades in and out of Peter Fonda 's dialogue , it 's not too shabby . Although , if you ask for the opinion of my World Literature class , I 'm afraid they have the same point of view as I do . I think this is one of those movies that is supposed to make you really appreciate the original version . Do n't let that stop you from buying it , though . It 's fun to laugh at , or , I mean , compare the differences .
 After watching the updated version of The Tempest I have made a serious judgement . Great stories written by a great playwright should not be redone in a Southern backdrop . Some may say that this movie gives off good imagination , to actually take a story like The Tempest and place it in its own origin would have been a much better movie than what I had witnessed . I would have accepted the movie much more if the creators had n't named the movie The Tempest , but rather a name that suggest the movies meaning , like Southern Styles of Tempting . The story of William Shakespeare 's The Tempest made much more sense to me in tis Elizabethan language than this movie in our modern age English language in comparison to the story line.To end this review on a good note would be wrong . If you are interested in this type of story line I would strongly suggest that you read the original writing of Shakespeare 's The Tempest than to waste money of buying or renting of this movie .
 The Tempest , set in the South during the Civil War . Though they tried hard to incorporate the characters and did a fairly well job at that , there was very little left of the original Shakespearean play . The purpose of the story seemed to be to fight for your future not hide away like a hermit . In the original play , it was about forgiveness and healing relationships . There is a slight difference there.I also did n't like the heavy black magic . Yes , magic was part of the original play but there was n't so much incantation and most of it was off stage . The magic in this movie seemed to be very prominent . The characters also seemed silly , especially the love story . The character of the brother was changed too ; and no resolution took place between them . The war diverted them onto a few rabbit trails that seemed to be there just to fill in time . Finally at the end , they actually tried to quote a little Shakespeare . A little too late IMO though.If you 've never read Shakespeare this movie probably wo n't bother you as much as it did me . It is n't destined to be a classic but could be entertaining if you just want something to watch .
 The rating system above does n't accurately convey my problem I do n't know what the film was like , as I could n't play the first disk . The second was okay , it was just the first , and on closer inspection of the disk , it had some sort of ingrain stain over across the surface of it .
 I bought this movie based on all the glowing five-star reviews -LRB- and based on the fact that I am desperate for more great period pieces -RRB- . Well , this is not a great period piece . It is better than Berkeley Square , for instance , but is nothing near the level of Pride and Prejudice or Wives and Daughters . The acting is good , the scenery is wonderful , but the script is only average -LRB- and sometimes poor -RRB- . The story is bleak with no real pay-off , like Dickens without the humor or the subtlety . There is nothing more annoying than unrealistic or manufactured tragedy -LRB- think Jude the Obscure -RRB- , and this story is in that line . If you can find the DVD on sale , it might be worth wasting a rainy night with , but I doubt it is one you will want to watch over and over .
 This is a nice story with lots of dramatic scenery but it is full of inconsistencies that really ruin the movie . The main character 's hair is short , then in scenes that happen a day or two later it is very long , then the next day it is short again . When one person gets buried in the graveyard , it is located downhill by the water . When another person gets buried in the same graveyard , it is up on top of a hill . It is very hard to concentrate on the plot , characters , etc. when this is happening all the time . But two stars for being a good story and having nice scenary .
 The worst thing about this straight to video snoozer is that the titular dilemma is never explained . 7 DAYS TO LIVE is n't very scary either and suffers greatly from a poor script . After a somewhat decent set up involving the tragicly gruesome death of their son , Helen -LRB- PLUMMER -RRB- and Martin -LRB- PERTWEE -RRB- Shaw move to the country into a house that upon physical appearance is blatantly haunted . The reasoning for the house being haunted is because construction companies ca n't seem to stop building houses on the mass graves of the restless dead , or so it is in moviedom anyway . Needless to say `` spooky '' stuff starts happening and the film goes downhill from there . Helen begins witnessing what she thinks is a seven day countdown to her demise , but why the haunters would do this is never expained , instead we are given a SHINING like mad husband scenario that plays out like the cheaply made flick this is . The special fx at the end are really bad as well , reminding the viewer that some low budget films can be inventive , and this is n't one of them . By the end of the film nothing is given substantial closure or reason . Not as creepy as a lot of reviews have stated , and if you are a fan of psycological horror this film will not satisfy your appetite the way movies like THE RING or THE SHINING do . Below average haunted house schlock .
 This is a failed attempt at a Stephen King-ish story . A straight-to-video rehash of other -LRB- and better -RRB- movies about a troubled writer and his troubled but devoted wife who move into a great big old scary house way out in the `` marsh '' . They are both grieving the recent loss of their only child -- a little boy -- to a sudden freak death -LRB- he swallowed a wasp in his cereal ! -RRB- . The husband becomes surly and starts pounding out his new `` bestseller '' on the computer while the wife starts seeing things and getting supernatural `` messages '' that she only has so many days to live -- 5 then 4 then 3 and so on . The husband does n't believe her and goes totally bonkers while the wife desperately tries to figure out whats going on . Then TA-DA ! She finds out the property is built on a huge mass grave of murdered convicts ! If any of this sounds familiar , the story borrows shamelessly from `` The Shining '' and `` Poltergeist '' - even the ending with corpses coming up in the basement and the wife running around with a big butcher knife to get away from the crazed hubby is all too familiar . Only this go ` round , they both survive and write the bestseller that saves the husband 's career
 Then audio , music , and mood is okay . Pace is too quick . Who gets over their own son 's death in a day ? Where was the funeral ? The sign warning the `` 6 days left '' was mad cheesy ... the voice for the 4th day was worse ... T. ... H. ... R. ... E. . . E. . . We KNOW what it will say . Why drag it out in such a tedious manner ? And all that mood and banging noises for the three-day mark ? Halfway through the movie you are set wondering what it is that the main character is fighting ... the house ? Spirits ? Herself ? That dog ? Or her lactose intolerance for that scene with the diarrhea in the bed ? And to force a `` crazy , indifferent husband '' character -LRB- who looks like a bad , growling , sweaty Bill Murray wanna-be -RRB- into the plot makes it worse . For some reason the main character reminds me of Ally McBeal.Wayyyy too quick of a pace . It does n't let the viewer digest the `` dark and scary '' pseudo-elements of the movie . Actinv was horrible too . Sound FX are cool though . CG was awkward.Don ' t watch if you 're experienced with good movies . This will have you laughing , thinking that this is another `` Scary Movie '' : -RRB-
 I 'm always looking for a good haunted house/ghost flick , and I have to say I have n't seen a good new one in years . Instead of something new , here we have a movie that borrows aspects and ideas from a bunch of other haunted house/horror flicks and combines them into one ... making this very unoriginal and very dull . Watch The Shining , Poltergeist , The Changeling , Amityville Horror , and others instead of watching this rip off flick .
 One can not help but notice after watching `` 7 Days To Live '' that the script has run its course . In this movie , the acting is slightly below average although not terrible , but coupled with the fact that this is a very tired script inferior in every way to its predecessors , `` 7 Days To Live '' simply is not a very good movie.There are some creepy moments , but after seeing `` The Shining '' , `` Poltergeist '' and `` The Ring '' -LRB- `` The Ring '' may have been made after this movie , but `` Ringu '' was made prior to both '' which are all superior to this movie , `` 7 Days To Live '' comes across rather boring and lacking in substance and style . There is no question that `` 7 Days To Live '' borrows significantly from the abovementioned movies , but if one is going to try and make a movie like this , the acting and directing must be exceptional and the script must have a charm of its own of some sort which separates it from movies that went before it ... such is not the case here . The result is a movie which is largely ineffective and downright boring as a horror movie.I generously give `` 7 Days To Live '' 1.5 STARS for effort , but the bottom line is that you can not make a movie like this with average to slightly below average acting , a generic script and average directing and still expect the movie to be an effective horror movie because there are just too many other movies like this that are of a better quality .
 Look , I think the person who gave this movie 5 stars must be under the age of 12 . This is not a scary movie - no matter how you look at it . The other reviewers are absolutely correct in saying that this is trying to be a cheap , boring version of Stephen King 's `` The Shining '' ... and let 's face it , the director of 7 Days to Live is no Stanley Krubrick - not even close ! The script is poorly written , the plot is cheesy and needs severe tightening and the acting , though not terrible , is not very good . Do n't waste your money . I only spent about six bucks on this movie and regret every dollar of it .
 This is a great old TV series and certainly an asset to my vast collection . I expected digitally mastered though and quality is far less than I thought it would be . Picture is fuzzy and sound is awful .
 Bad acting , shallow characters , ridiculous costumes -LRB- whatever they could dig up from Robin Hood -RRB- , cheap sets -LRB- the spacecraft only have one seat ! -RRB- , and ludicrous special effects add up to a camp classic.I ca n't stand sitting thru more than 2 episodes at once -LRB- there are twelve total -RRB- . These episodes were originally intended to be viewed as serials at theaters in `` Matinee '' format ... you would see one new 20 minute episode a week , with a cliffhanger at the end of each one - the problem is , when you can see the episodes `` back to back '' , the cliffhanger resolutions can be seen as the true ripoffs that they were , as they never quite match up with the impossible-to-escape cliffhanger shown from the week before -LRB- the writers figure that after a week 's time you 'll have forgetten what they showed you the week before -RRB- . At least the `` evil '' Sonja is pretty hot ... and Ming makes a pretty good `` bad guy '' .
 I bought this on DVD and expected a professional package I expect of any DVD package . Here 's the news ... terrible packaging , no extra features , no cinemascope so you ca n't even read the credits , the poorest quality I have seen and overall unwatchable product . I feel as if I was robbed of my money . The people that made this product wanted to sell you something but you will never buy anything else . I say wait for someone who cares to release these great serials .
 The premise for the film is intriguing . It is based upon the Victoria Thompson murder trial that took place in New Zealand during the late nineteenth century . Victoria is raised is some sort of orphanage from birth . At the age of seventeen , it is arranged for her to marry Mr. Thompson , a weird , older man whom she has never before met . She dutifully marries him , and when she comes of age goes to live with him in his home , which is run by his two creepy servants . Victoria soon discovers just how weird her husband really is . She ultimately takes the bull by the horns and finds herself standing trial for his murder by the time she is nineteen years old.Jodie Foster places the role of Victoria Thompson , as if she were doing so under duress . She takes a character that is potentially sympathetic and makes her merely pathetic , leaving the viewer cold . John Lithgow fares somewhat better , as he does a credible job playing the weird Mr. Thompson , doing the best he can with the material with which he has to work . The film , unfortunately , is choppy and poorly edited , the story so muddled as to be nearly incomprehensible . The direction seems to be almost nonexistant , as it looks like it is every man for himself . Save your money . These two fine actors have done better films .
 After we watched this I came back to Amazon to see what kind of reviews it got . I was surprised that it received 5 stars out of 5 . Now I realize there is not a lot out there in terms of Jewish Holiday movies/videos . So I really really wanted to like this . But I honestly did n't , and my 6 year old daughter was rather unimpressed as well . The puppets were ok , but the story was `` meh '' , and the songs were repetitive and boring . My daughter was making fun of the video as we watched it together.Look , for $ 3.99 , I would recommend you check it out and make your own opinion . Apparently I am in the minority here because 5 other reviewers rated it 5 stars . If my daughter liked it I would probably have given it at least 4 stars , but if this video could n't even entertain a 6 year old , 2 stars is the max I would give it .
 im giving two star for the begginning of the movie . as i started to get interested in the movie , it ended . very dissapointing . .
 I 'm afraid that the reviewers who did n't like this movie understood it all too well . At times it promises real drama and tension , but never delivers . There are too many character twists with no basis . And the ending really does make the viewer feel cheated . This is a really poor attempt at making a movie .
 I was going to give this movie 2 stars because I am sure that there must be worst movies out there . Having just watched it , however , it is difficult to remember any.I agree with the reviewers below who say that this movie falls apart at the end . The first 80 minutes of the movie are often slow and boring , but the acting is good and you keep hoping the plot will fully develop.You do feel the tension the makers of this movie intended . And the cast is top-notch . But all of the good acting in the world can not save a story that is so fundamentally flawed.In the end , nothing makes sense . You are left wondering how things could possibly turn out the way they do . A thinking person will be left with no conclusion but that the story is full of gaping holes.This story could only make sense as a bad Twilight Zone episode . At least then you could think some supernatural phenomenon is responsible for the plot device that can not be rationally explained.But there is nothing in the movie to indicate that it is supposed to be anything supernatural occurring . So the viewer is just left feeling cheated .
 I wo n't give away the end of this movie , but , if you are unfortunate enough to watch it , at the end ask yourself
 It 's amazing that this much acting talent could be shoe-horned into such a bad movie . I do n't see how it could have yielded six 5-star reviews -LRB- The Godfather it ai n't -RRB- . Using its better scenes , you could put together a trailer for this movie that would make you want to see it . And you may be entertained through much of the movie . But when the story becomes quite nonsensical in the final minutes of the movie , you will feal cheated and wish that you had watched something else . At least that 's how everyone in my family felt when we watched it .
 I loved this show when I was 5 , and am amazed that I still enjoy it now 24 years later ! I usually do n't give reviews , but I had a very bad experience with these discs ... I was waiting patiently for these to come out on DVD for about the last couple years , but I 'm extremely disappointed instead . I ordered two , one box for me and one for a friend , but only one of the 4 discs in my box work on my DVD player , and none work on my PS3 ! After I sent mine out to be refunded , I was surprised that in my friend 's box , all of the discs work on their blu-ray player ! They would n't work on my ps3 -LRB- blue-ray player -RRB- when I borrowed them , or my DVD player!Both of the boxes I ordered had big issues with my machines , but I was surprised one box had no issues on my friends machine . Why ?! I 've been checking Amazon every couple months for the past two years waiting for this to come out , and now they do n't work for me ?? I sure hope these issues get resolved quick ! I want my future kids to learn from this show.So I had a bad experience . Fortunately , amazon 's refund policy is great . But who wants DVDs that work on some machines but not others ??
 The World of David the Gnome is an amazing series but , BRB Internacional 's release of the DVD set is dismissive and defective.I had Amazon replace my defective sets a couple of times . Amazon 's service is world class , hassle free and friendly . The first set I purchased had Discs 1 and 4 working but Discs 2 and 3 were defective . I checked the contents of Discs 2 and 3 in my DVD Rom and they were blank . I thought , `` maybe the problem is my DVD Rom ? '' I checked the Discs in other DVD Roms and DVD players . Old players , new players , it did n't matter . The discs had the same issues everywhere . 1 and 4 worked perfectly but , 2 and 3 just would n't play . No content meant no content.So , I had Amazon replace the set . With the next set , only Disc 4 worked . There were no contents in Discs 1 , 2 and 3 . My friends had the same issue with the blank Discs . No one I knew I had a set with all 4 Discs working . I love The World of David the Gnome . So do my friends . I wonder if BRB Internacional will ever release a working set ? My friends and I have been waiting for decades -LRB- no exaggeration -RRB- for this beloved animated series to be available on DVD . I 'm sure other people were waiting as well . It 's a shame that after all these years , The World of David the Gnome is not getting the royal treatment that it deserves . BRB Internacional really dropped the ball here . BRB Internacional you had the right idea but your quality assurance team fell asleep at their job . Please re-evaluate your product . I 'll happily pay -LRB- money -RRB- for a working 4-Disc set of The World of David the Gnome.As for Amazon , thanks again for the great service !
 As others stated , the first DVD is fine , the next three all blank . Very disappointing and unprofessional , if not downright cheating .
 I ordered this , because like everyone else , I loved this show as a kid , and wanted to share it with my son . When I got the set , it was in 1 box , with 4 places for discs , and each disc had the proper picture on it , as far as I could tell . I had read other people 's reviews , and read that they had issues with their discs , so I checked mine . I was disappointed to see that only 1 of my discs worked . I read a reply from the company that the way that they burned the discs might not work for everyone 's machine - This should be in the product discription , first of all . Second , why burn a set this way , if they wo n't work for everyone , and why did one disc work , and the other 3 did n't ? Does n't make a bit of sense to me . I tried them in several different systems , and they did n't work in any of them ... just something to be aware of , for others who want to try give it a try!I had no issues returning the disc for a refund , which was great .
 lem me start of by saying i was reeally dissapointed with this documentary . having fast forwarded practically all of the video because of the bore . only good reason to own this dvd is because of some unreleased art work from the band AND the music videos that is in it `` sexy boy '' , `` kelly watch the stars '' , `` all i need '' , and `` le soleil est pres de moi '' . the music videos are really entertaining to watch . Fav . video `` all i need '' . besides that the documentary really bites . everytime the band would be in an interview all u ever got to hear was the reporters questions and thats it , the video would cut off to another scene as soon as the french duo would open their mouths , questions that i was really interested in knowing the answers . besides that theres that annoying camera thats always panning left to right in practically every scene -LRB- it goes so far to the left and right that u see the walls 75 percent of the time and of the band 25 -RRB- you get practically no info on the the band , and when it was over i was still in the same place as when i put the dvd in . i absolutely love AIR but this documentary doesnt do it justice . Good only for the videos and art work .
 This video 's pretty old but I thought I 'd contribute a review of it anyway ... Being a big fan of Air 's music and videos , I was really looking forward to something special with this video but it really is the most boring bag of rubbish I 've ever payed money for.It 's so disappointing.All it seems to be about is the Air boys dossing around with their mates `` Phoenix '' and Beck 's backing band ... It 's such a ridiculous idea to just simply release this `` documentary '' when they really should have made it as a supplement to the full concert . ... In terms of music , all we are `` treated '' to are some short clips of them performing live but not enough to make it interesting ... But it does have two redeeming features which is possibly worth the price of buying the video
 And boy am I bitter . Were the makers of this documentary trying to make some profound statement about the differences between America and Europe ? How long does it stay entertaining to know that most people have n't heard of Air ? Could they not have injected the band members with drugs -LRB- stimulants , preferably -RRB- and given us something more interesting to watch than each of them staring blankly , in turn , into the camera for thirty seconds ? Could they not PRETEND to have some entertaining quirks or know some interesting stories ? Since Air is largely souped up easy listening , could n't they have played some music in the background more than just one song at the beginning ? All right , I 'll admit , the scene where they walked through the hotel , knocked on their door , and walked inside was riveting -LSB- sic -RSB- , but it did n't add to the `` continuity '' . My fellow viewers -LRB- owners of the tape -RRB- decided to rewind before the credits finished , and I am left with the feeling of having squandered much more than an hour . This failed even from the `` get to know more about them '' angle ; it revealed squat , and one could have read everything ever printed about them in the span of this ploy .
 This is not an exciting video to watch - quite the contrary
 Me being a die hard AIR fanatic I decided to purchase this documentary despite the bad ratings . I did n't learn anything about AIR on neither a musical nor personal level . This is probably the worst documentary I have ever seen . Terribly disappointing .
 This is by far the worst band `` documentary '' I 've ever seen , and I 've seen many . A documentary covering a band on tour could be A -RRB- amusing , B -RRB- informative , C -RRB- silly , D -RRB- wild and crazy , or any combination of the above . What it should n't be is frightfully dull . Granted , Air is not a rock band and throwing furniture out the hotel room window is not something you 're going to see , but there 's so much standing around watching air waiting . The title does not lie
 I purchased this DVD with high expectations of seeing the band perfoming Moon Safari live . While there is some footage of the live performance , its no where near what you 'd expect . The title is correct , this is more of a documentary than about the band playing music . A little of the documentary style would have been fine , but when the entire DVD is full of people talking about how great the band is and , well , it just gets old . Like others , I would have much preferred to see the band performing live and less of the filler . I wanted to see how they were going to create the vocals , and what types of instruments they used.The music videos on the DVD are the only reason I keep it . I prefer the remix of Kelly Watch the Stars on the DVD , its a bit different from the version on Moon Safari .
 My daughter loves Miley Cyrus so we ordered this DVD . She could n't wait until she got it in the mail.She did not like it at all and never watched it again . She usually watches Miley Cyrus dvd 's over and overand over again .
 The audio was so bad it was static over level 3 . The rest was copies of other sources of interviews of Miley , from filming a TV . The only new material was asking kids what they thought of Miley . This was not even at a concert . If you like wasting money , buy this .
 This movie was way too long . Marie Osmond is lovely , but her petulant and whining voice was tiresome . Read O'Henry 's classic story and skip this annoying movie .
 I respect all reviewers that consider this movie a good movie but in my humble opinion , it is terrible . Cheesy script , boring plot , bad acting , and cheap production . Hallmark/Lifetime movie style that would not even get good reviews in 2003 . If you want a classic movie with love story/Christmas atmosphere as backdrop , watch Little Women instead .
 Pretty fluffy , slow , and trite story line . The costumes were exquisite and the sets nicely done . I would not recommend the film to my friends , however .
 I bought this because I am a huge fan of Wells ' story and have always wanted to see a film that stayed true to the novel . I 'm glad I did n't pay very much for it because it is truly terrible . Some of the worst acting I have ever seen , if not THE worst . Visual effects that are completely laughable . Incredibly drawn out running time.If Hines had said this is just a low budget labour of love made with the best intentions I might give it more credit , but for it to suddenly be ready for release just in time to cash in on the Spielberg version loses a lot of points with me.I had heard it was awful , but I did want to give it a chance , after all it 's cheap . But after 3 nights of watching it I still have n't finished it . Partly because nothing happens for long periods of the movie , and partly because when it -LRB- unintentionally -RRB- makes you laugh so hard you spit beer everywhere , you have to take a break.All I will say to prospective buyer is ; if you really want to see it , try it . It 's not too expensive , you may have fun , and you can always use the disc as a drinks coaster afterwards .
 Like many of the reviewers here I read the book in my youth . I also saw the original movie which obviously failed to follow the book in any discernable form.I have been following the production of the Tim Hines film via the net and was really looking forward to its March release but was surprised at the lack of advertising , so actually sent them an email suggesting it was all a hoax . Having now seen the movie , I reluctantly have to say I wish it was a hoax!Had this film been made back in the 1940 's it may have been better received , but when you consider that movies such a Forbidden Planet could have been made back in the 1950 's , this is quite simply an appalling waste of resources and time . I would n't like to hazard a guess at the budget available , but erecting a few houses for the homeless would have been more rewarding and noteworthy.I considered I had a fairly high boredom threshold , but the endless scenes of people running about the countryside , the perpetual cuts from pained facial expression , to bad special effect , then back to pained facial expression , to bad special effect . Even my 11 year old who can watch Jumanji several times in one day , began sighing.I fully recognise that the ` good ' reviews are simply there to add balance and generate at least some return for the investor -LRB- yes singular -RRB- . However , I sincerely hope this does n't just sink out of sight as it deserves some recognition for just how bad it is .
 Oh where to begin ... alright , a little background
 Its ' only June , but Pendragon 's `` HG Wells War Of The Worlds '' is already a lock for the worst movie of 2005 . It is an embarrassment . It makes the films of Uwe Boll look good . And I never thought I would say that about any film . It has already earned the nickname of `` Plan 9 From Mars '' , in honor of the Ed Wood Classic.Almost everything about this film is laughably bad . The acting is horrible . The editing is atrocious . The photography is a outrage . The direction is non existence . But it is the SFX that linger in the memory.Yes , it follows HG Wells novel closely . Yes , it has the Victorian setting . But all that does not count compared to the sheer incompetence of this film.And we know who to blame . Timothy Hines is the writer , editor , director , and Exec producer.He was also the head of marketing and publicity , which is why , along with it wretched quality , this film is a direct to El Cheapo DVD instead of a `` worldwide theatrical release '' as Tim Hines , promised . He also promised a lot of other things like `` Special Effects Better then The Matrix '' and `` Anthony Piana -LRB- The `` Actor '' who has the main lead -RRB- is the Next Al Pacino '' . In the words of one of Pacino 's better known Characters `` Forgetaboutit '' . The SFX are so poorly done that most fan films would be ashamed of them . The CGI work is so bad it looks like crappy work using other SFX methods . The exploding houses look like bad , fake , miniatures . The Martian Fighting machines look like bad stop action models . When the Martians emerge form the Cylinder for the first time , it is meant to be a horrifying moment but instead Hilarity ensues . Marvin The Martian from the Warner Brs . Cartoons is a lot more frightening.In fact the laughs to be had from the sheer ineptness of it all is the only redeeming thing about the film.I take that back , The Music is pretty good . But it only emphasizes what a freaking amateur night operation the rest of the film is.The effects of the Heat Ray are shown by badly superimposed fire over the bodies of scenery chewing actors turning to fake looking skeletons . The CGI for the skyline of London looks like cheap cardboard cut outs . There is one of the fakest looking train wrecks in History . When a Martian grabs a human and throws it to his doom it looks like a scene from `` Monty Python And The Holy Grail '' . The movement of the Martian fighting machines makes them look like they are doing the Funky Chicken . But the acme is reached in the Thunderchild scene.This is where a British Naval ships battles the Martian Tripods . It 's hard to describe just how bad this scene is . Let 's just say that The Flying Saucers in Ed Wood 's `` Plan Nine From Outer Space '' now have competition for the most ridiculous special effects of all time . If Hines had taken a toy battleship and shot the scene in the bathtub it would have looked better then the inept CGI in the film.The `` Acting '' ranges from poor to incredibly bad . Bring a Jar of Mustard with you because you will need it with all the Ham on screen . The love scenes between the Main Character and his wife make you long for the brilliance of the Padme/Anakin love scenes in `` Attack Of The Clones '' . And the British accents are so bad that Dick Van Dyke in `` Mary Poppins '' laughs at them . They would be rejected as substandard at any self respecting Renaissance Fair.The costuming seems to take in anything that is vaguely Victorian . My wife is a historical costumer of 15 years experience , and she pointed out dresses that go from 1850 to 1912 in the film.Hines has no concept of how to Edit a film . A good half hour at least of footage if of the main character wandering around the English Countryside , played unconvincingly by the state of Washington , until in interest of Sanity you fast forward.And then Hines blows one of the great potential scenes in the film
 There is nothing good about this movie except for the title . Bad acting excuse me , atrocious acting . Terrible special effects . And the main problem , at 3 hours , it 's way too long.I had to force myself to watch it to the end . At least `` Plan 9 From Outer Space '' is bad funny . This movie is just pathetic . I gave it 1 star simply becasue Amazon does not have a no star or a minus start . If you want to watch it then RENT IT . Please do n't waste your money .
 Has got be one of the worst films I have ever seen ! Poorly acted , Strange lighting and some of the worst special effects I think I have ever seen . I 've seen better on Playstation 1 intros and thats no exaggeration . Strongly reccomend not to buy this film . Wish I had n't but entirely my mistake for not reading all the other reviews stating how bad it really was . You have been warned !!
 I still think that this movie is the worst in movie history . No if 's and 's or but 's about it . I 'm not going to say a word regarding this movie because there are already hundereds of reviewers pretty much saying the same thing over and over again ... good or bad.Anyway , I just saw Speilberg 's version and just finished the '53 version.This is what I think ... The 1953 -LRB- original -RRB- version was MUCH better ! Why?Well , in Spielberg 's version was SO generic . The storyline was generic and the movie as a whole felt watered down . The graphics were great and I 'm not afraid to admit that . But with all of the great graphics , it still did n't leave me speechless . More like ... EH . The '53 version was more interesting because there was `` heart '' in this movie and you could tell . Yeah the graphics were n't great , but so what ? They did the movie as best as they could at the time and they hit it off with knockout.See guys ? This is a perfect example where `` graphics '' were not the issue . Hines ' version stunk in every way it could stink . Speilberg 's version is waaaay too overrated . And after all of that , the original 1953 flick won over all.Who knew ?
 i do n't know what they were thinking in this movie . i could n't believe how low budget this one was . they should n't have even tried . i was laughing so hard at the computer animation that i truely believe this should have been a comedy . this litterally looks like one of those movies you used to see on mystery science theatre all except for the opening t * tty scene . that was probably the highlight of the flick . after that just was as the `` actors '' attempt a crapfest right from the beginning . this should n't even be considered a b movie . try c or d movie . i am glad blockbuster has unlimited rentals or i would be p * ssed about getting this one.i tell you this much , if this movie is faithful to the book , then i am gon na forget about reading the book .
 Like all of the ` greatest film ever made/work of art/faithful masterpiece ' fake reviews here , everything about this film is phoney.Terrible bad American actors who do n't convince as human beings let alone English Victorians.American locations that never once look like England.Terrible , terrible special effects that look like a 70s video game.And a terrible script that cuts ALL of the important stuff from the book but still goes on forever.This is n't a faithful adaptation , it 's a pathetic joke.For all the director 's conspiracy theories on the internet about Paramount stopping his film being released to cinemas for fear it would outgross the Spielberg-Cruise version -LRB- !!!! - that should tell you all you need to know about the films makers -RRB- or his grand claims of a huge budget , this is the cheapest , most dishonest film ever to sit on a video shelf.It 's three hours of inept boredom made by amateurs . It 's not even funny.Pendragon have made the worst film ever made from a great book.Do not expect to see a faithful big-budget period version
 Hi Everyone , ------ Well ... we finally finished watching Pendragon 's `` War Of the Worlds '' and both Diana -LRB- my girlfriend -RRB- and I decided to give the film these ratings : Diana
 WOW !!! The good old days of Ed Wood-esque special effects are back with a vengeance ! I recently hosted a `` Bad Movie Night '' for some friends and this movie was so horrible we could n't finish it . Do n't believe the positive reviews on this site . Nobody in their right mind would vote this movie over 2 stars -LRB- and even that 's a stretch -RRB- . Do n't believe me ? go to Pendragon Pictures ' website . click on VIEW WAR OF THE WORLDS TRAILER . On the next page click CLICK HERE FOR ALL TRAILERS . Then watch them all . Pictures speak volumes . Make sure you have some sort of diaper on , though , as you 're likely to urinate yourself from laughing so hard.Although it is a cheap movie -LRB- both to make and to buy -RRB- , do n't be suckered into buying this . Please . You might send Timothy Hines the wrong message . He does n't need to be encouraged . He needs to be humiliated . Frankly , I do n't see how he could n't be humilitaed by this shiny silver turd , cleverly disguised as a DVD.Then again , if you really , REALLY like bad movies -LRB- and I do mean REALLY like -RRB- , this might be worth a look to you . Be advised , though
 Imagine a jerky silent movie made the same date as the book , colorized -LRB- sometimes -RRB- in various colors , and dubbed . Add a repetitive score as simple and irritating as the soundtrack from a triple-X movie . Throw in the worst computer generated graphics in memory.Its only redeeming quality is causing the viewer to wonder how long ago it was made . To which the answer is `` not 1953 '' . This stinker of a movie seems to have been made solely to trick customers who want to see the `` original '' before the new remake . This is n't it.Instead , go see anything else , whether or not science fiction . Heck , see Spanglish . It has good acting , an interesting story and characters , heart , and wonderful dialogue .
 Like most , I had been keeping up with this project since the pre-911 days when this was going to be a present day piece.I watched the trailers that had come out in the past year with the Big Ben floating sequence being in one of them.I bought this last weekend from Wal-mart due to some snafu from Pendragon 's distributor , UAV.This movie is 3 hours long . After watching it , it becomes apparent that nothing was left out that was shot . There are so many scenes of the writer walking down paths that the movie could be shortened to at least half that running time . The sepia tone that was talked about being used is done haphazardly . With scenes not having it all , to overly saturated . There are also scenes that look like they were edited in last minute with poorly shot grainy video.The acting is what you would expect from stage actors which was good , with the exception of the producer who get 's the role of the writer 's wife probably because it was promised to get funding.Probably the best acting was during the ruined house scene with the Curate and the writer.The musical score was actually the best thing in the movie , but , it was overly used and their was n't much of a variety . There is probably about 4 different tracks through the whole movie , and one of them is during the ending rolling credits!No , the one thing that this movie will be remembered for is the promised `` Matrix like SFX '' from it 's director . He forgot to tell that to his SFX crew because most of the SFX shots are unfinished or look like what SFX houses use for `` storyboarding '' sequences.The Thunderchild scene comes off as the worst offender . A scene that could of saved this film , possibly , was wasted with no sense of why this was taking place . Poorly CG renderings of the ship and not a soul shown onboard were just one . No , I take that back . There is the scene when the ship is sinking and two Lego men are sliding down the railings ! This whole sequence will have you laughing so much you 'll forget the next 30 minutes of the film which is when the floating Big Ben sequences comes in . Not only is that totally geographically inaccurate but the way it was caused was also suspect as we see a lighting bolt or ray different from the rest of the heat ray sequences blasts it from it 's spot.Also during that 30 minute time span is the totally absurd blood draining sequence of first a blob for a bull and the singer -LRB- seen in one of the trailers -RRB- changing from a real person to a CG rendered Goth Barbie , complete with garters.The Dead London sequence consists of one dead girl sitting on a window ledge that commited suicide.I think you get the picture.If you like really bad movies , like the ones seen on Mystery Science Theater , then you 'll adore this movie . If you were expecting more then I would n't recommend it .
 If the producer had used better special effects , music , and actors -LRB- as well as real facial hair -RRB- this could have been the best and most accurate version of the story . But as it is , it 's not worth the time spent watching it . It 's as bad as the Tom Cruise version in its own way .
 And I 've got nothing better to do with my time than sit at home on the internet telling people not to see a cheapjack ripoff that is n't even going to theaters . Gee , but me and Katie have been busy writing all these negative Amazon reviews by ourselves in between publicising our movies and demonizing psychiatry , but somehow we managed it because our lives would n't be complete if we let a struggling amateur auteur like ` Timbo ' Hines get away with releasing a film he made for $ 25 and change that is obviously so much better than Steve and my efforts that we just ca n't sleep nights . We may be in 3000 screens this week and have taken $ 204m , but he 's in WalMart , and that 's got us running scared , I can tell you!All we 've got is a proper budget , an award-winning scriptwriter and actors and crew who know their jobs . How can we hope to compete with a badly shot on video straight-to-DVD $ 10 disc with no-one you 've ever heard of , shot entirely on location in a couple of fields in Washington with CGI horses and cows ? We ca n't . That 's why everybody who has ever given this movie a bad review here is obviously me trying to put the little guy down . Seriously . That 's why you should ignore every review from someone who did n't like it and only believe the good ones , that do n't sound anything alike and obviously were n't written by the people who made the film to sucker you out of $ 10 . Just do n't ask why we 're putting so much effort into beating up on Timbo 's film while we 're leaving the other modern-day version with C. Thomas Howell completely alone even though it 's much closer to our version.Trust me , I 'm a movie star !
 When I first saw Envy I thought it was the worst movie ever made . But when I saw Timothy Hines 's The War Of The Worlds I knew it was the worst movie ever made.So the film is about a metor lands on Earth . A lot of people go to see it and aliens come out . They start to invade Earth . One man hopes to live and tells his family to go to a safe place . He encounters a lot of different elements including meeting people and , destroying the aliens . I do n't want to tell you to much because that ruins the film.There were a lot of bad things about the movie like the horrible special efects , bad graphics , the film being three hours and the way the color kept changing . I have no idea why it was reted R , there just some violence . It was weird the way the guy kept walking around with no shirt on and doing nothing . The reason this was $ 10.00 is because it was so bad !!!!!!!! What I did n't understand is that they kept flippi back and forth to different scenes . I am sure that the remake with Tom Cruise is much better ! I do n't recomend this movie to anyone .
 - they 'd flunk their exams it 's so poor . Only a superficial resemblance to the book or even a movie for that as well . It 's like they never read the book and instead of a script they 'd film pages from the novel at random without understanding what they 're there for . It 's quicker and cheaper to read the novel . That deserves a much better film than this crowd of no-talent phonies have produced in their lunch-hour .
 I 'd followed the progress of Pendragon Pictures ' `` H.G. Wells ' War of the Worlds '' on the web for a considerable time . I was initially thrilled to learn that , finally , an authentic period version of Wells ' classic novel was being filmed , and from all initial appearances it looked like the real deal . I really was looking forward to seeing this movie.And now that I have , I have to express how disappointed I am with it , and how misled I was by Pendragon 's website , their trailer , their rhetoric , and their production stills . I feel I 've got to be brutally honest and let the potential buyer be aware of what they 're going to get.First , the packaging and price should be a clue ; it 's packaged along the lines of many `` bargain '' DVDs and was n't even submitted for an MPAA rating , meaning this was not released theatrically nor likely was going to be -LRB- despite their claims -RRB- . Even the `` DVD '' logo is a poor imitation of the real thing.And as to the film itself - despite its good intentions , it is a truly amateurish , uneven , poorly filmed , paced , and edited production that has a good script but winds up laid low by the quality , terrible pacing , variable acting , and low budget of the film.The SPFX in this film are all done with amateurish CGI - and unfortunately , this includes everything - pyrotechnics , Martian tripods , cityscapes , blown up buildings , squashed people , dead bodies , even horses and carts . I ca n't stress strongly enough that the renderings and effects are very primitive and very poorly composited onto filmed footage . There is no color matching with the live action stock and absolutely no level of photorealism at all . A number of sets and surroundings turn out to be simply fakes with the actors matted in using bluescreen and with really obvious video matte lines . Every special effect sequence resembles , at best , a rough `` animatic '' used to visualize a movie before a final effect rendering . Trouble is , these ARE the final renderings.The animal budget must have been non-existent . Many close-up scenes , supposedly with horse-drawn carts and carriages , never show a horse -LRB- and the reins are clearly glued to the front of the cart -RRB- , and have terribly jerky matted-in backgrounds when they 're `` moving '' . Long shots of the same `` horse and carriage '' reveal them rendered as CGI models , but so poorly composited that the horse 's legs are moving at a brisk trot but the entire vehicle pokes along at a terribly slow and laughable pace as if the horse was running along on ice . This also happens in several cases with badly done CGI troops in a long shot of a battlefield , where the soldiers ' legs move briskly but they stand essentially in place . Real horses appear when ridden by soldiers , and a Shetland Pony makes an appearance -LRB- and is given a screen credit too -RRB- but otherwise animals are absent.People are hit with the Martian heat-ray , and burst into overlaid CGI `` flame '' - note that their clothes do n't burn and their hair is n't singed - and there 's not a tree , blade of grass , or anything else around them that winds up being scorched . They then suddenly turn into skeletons , which are very shiny and continue to twitch , scream , flail and jerk without a scrap of flesh on them.Truly the worst effects appear during the `` Thunder Child '' sequence , which was a visual disappointment - a very poor , animatic-like `` warship '' that has no visible crew and looks like a student 3D modeling project , matted over footage of real water not matched to the CGI `` wake '' and other scene elements . This sequence -LRB- as well as the `` Martians Feeding '' scene -RRB- strays from the novel with a few `` creative license '' elements.The battle sequences were also disappointing ; the three or four live actors doubling as `` soldiers '' -LRB- with recycled footage in several instances -RRB- wear fake uniforms made up of pieces of surplus modern-day US Marines dress greens , and anachronistic fore-and-aft hats , elements neither historically accurate for 1898 nor convincingly British . And to top it off , they carry clearly recognizable modern-day BB-guns that bear no resemblance to British rifles of the period . Only the pistols come close to being correct for the period . And a later scene even features a modern Mossberg shotgun . The cannons never recoil when `` fired '' -LRB- all muzzle flashes and pyrotechnics are added with computer graphics -RRB- , and all this just adds to the overall cheap , `` home movie '' look of this film . A lot of computer-generated `` haze '' and `` smoke '' is overlaid to obscure the really poor quality of much of the live shots . And speaking of anachronism , there are several instances where footage of modern diesel engines and 1930 's locomotives -LRB- American yet -RRB- are used to represent trains of the period ... which then do n't match the effects . You 'll also see familiar modern Grolsch beer bottles used extensively just because of their unique cap.Having said all that , there are several positive elements in the film 's favor . The tripods are a spiffy design and the heat-ray generator follows Wells ' description . The movie 's surprisingly decent script is really very faithful to the book and includes all the events and elements long missing from previous incarnations of Wells ' story . They get the sequences right and in many cases , `` the book is the script . `` And if decent money , talent , direction , and special effects - and actors other than family and friends -LRB- the lead actor and actress also wrote , directed , produced , etc -RRB- - had been put behind this movie - and it had been decently edited - it might have truly been worthwhile.However , the execution of the story just ca n't get past the low-budget production values and other dreadful problems.In conclusion , I must say `` let the buyer beware '' of `` H.G. Wells ' War of the Worlds . ''
 Forget the blurb - this may claim to be a faithful version of H.G. Wells ' novel , but it 's really just a series of slaps in the faced that makes The Island of Dr Moreau look like Citizen Kane . It 's ` faithful ' in a fashion , including all of the ` cheaper ' scenes from the book regardless of whether they 're relevant or not , but none of the important ` expensive ' ones . It 's very , very clear that the incompetent writer-director-teaboya -RRB- did n't really understand the bookb -RRB- does n't really understand filmsc -RRB- did n't have enough money to make the filmd -RRB- went ahead anyway in the hope of ripping off the Spielberg filme -RRB- thinks 21st century USA looks just like 19th century Mortlakee -RRB- thinks potential customers are too stupid to noticeWells hated Island of Lost Souls and Orson Welles ' radio version of War of the Worlds , both far more faithful to the spirit of the books and artistically effective on their own grounds . Imagine what the outraged Utopian would do to Tim Hines if he had lived to see this utter monstrosity ! And after sitting through this three hour fiasco , I 'd be more than willing to give him a hand.Wells may have had his prejudices and his hypocrisies , but he does n't deserve to see his masterpiece trashed like this . Neither do you . If you must spent $ 10.49 , give it to famine relief .
 Timothy Hines ' WOTW is bottomlessly awful . Nothing more than a shoddy pastework of bad acting and low-end home computer graphics , made fast and on the cheap to cash in on Spielberg 's film . It is n't competent enough to even call it a movie , as at least some small token measure of direction and talent is required to deserve that label . This is more like a lazy film school student 's project which was hastily thrown together just hours before its due date . A project which was graded so harshly , it resulted in the student not only failing the course , but also being permanently expelled and forbidden to ever touch another camera again by court order.This review wo n't add much to the film 's ultimate rating , as Mr. Hines and his cohorts will be along shortly to post yet another string of fake positive reviews to counter all negatives , but I 'm not writing this to tip the scale . I 'm writing this because I know you 're going to read it , little Timmy , and you deserve all the abuse your audience can muster . You 're not a real director nor will you ever be , not even in your most maddened fever dreams . You 're nothing but a cheapjack con artist , and that 's the only kind of `` artist '' you 'll ever qualify as . Now stop pretending you 're able to make movies and start pursuing your true calling , creating Internet spam designed to sell `` male enhancement '' products and gay porn sites . Clearly that is the destiny you were born to fulfill .
 Oh My , Read my other review please . I just ca n't keep going on and on about how this movie SUCKS ASS !!! . -LSB- ... -RSB- The joke is on anybody who really wants to watch 3hrs of war of the the worlds . If you want great War Of the Worlds movies see the the one from 1953 or see Steven Spielbergs version ! Please do n't waist your money on this pile !!!!!!!!!!! 11IT SUCKS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 There are B movies you can watch and laugh with , and then there are movies like this . My DVD collection is FILLED with bad movies -LRB- Including my most recent purchase , with the actor playing Gimli on a cruise ship stalked by ... the Chupacabra !!! -RRB- . I LOVE bad movies . This movie is so bad Mike , Joel and the bots would beg for back to back Manos Hands of Fate instead.This movie is LONG -LRB- heck the only thing that gets me through most bad movies is that they 're 90 minutes or less ! -RRB- , special effects WORSE than any straight to video movie I 've seen recently , and acting worse than your average pornographic film . There is nothing redeeming about this film . It was only a $ 8 and some change at my local store ... and I returned it . If a movie about a Chupacabra on a cruise ship is still in my collection and this is n't , it must tell you something = o -RRB-
 Was ok . I did not really like it . It was not what I expected . People will have to see it for themselves .
 This version of War of the Worlds is obviously done on a budget . The cast act against a bluescreen backdrop , which can be a little diconcerting at times . It also seems to me that the spoken words tend to go out of synchronisation with the picture at certain stages . Having said all that it does hold true to the book and is not a bad film , certainly watchable for a rainy Sunday afternoon . Do n't expect an Epic or quality acting , but if you want simply be entertained then this film is just fine .
 After watching this godforsaken film , I wish H.G. Wells had chosen another profession!The special affects/CGI were so bad , at first , I literally thought something was wrong with my television ! The acting was so pitiful , I laughed out loud . On top of it all , War of the Worlds is absolutely one of the worst science fiction stories ever written . If it was n't for the brilliant Orson Welles , and American-style paranoia , this piece of garbage would have stayed put in the trash bin of history , where it belongs!Let 's get philosophical ! If an alien species ever saw this , or another version of this gruesome story floating out in space , what would any sensible alien species do ? Give us a wide berth , and quarantine us for a thousand years ! It 's a scientific fact that the Earth 's first radio transmissions have passed the 100 Light Years mark ! Let 's hope whatever aliens are out there have a good sense of humor!Why do the overwhelming majority of First Encounters have to be portrayed as evil , and/or violent ? Other than Star Trek , Close Encounters and E.T. , not too many positive cinematic experiences abound ! What this really shows is that a large segment of the Science Fiction loving public gets off on violence and pessimism , instead of wonder and hope for the future . That 's a shame ! Instead of looking backwards to fear and violence , may Sci-Fi writers of the future find something excitingly optimistic to write about !
 This film is camper than a Freddie Mercury video ! Even the leading man goes for a retro Victorian clone look , and it 's pretty obvious that his wife is just a beard to hide his love that dare not speak its name . This film may still be in the closet , but the only thing the main character in this film seems to be fighting is his own sexuality - this film is just reeking with gay subtext . Anthony Piana never misses an opportunity to take off his shirt and grab hold of any good looking guy that comes along , and as another reviewer said , it 's almost like they cut the gay sex scenes out at the last minute to try to peddle this to the unsuspecting family audience !!!! It 's stomach turningly bad as a movie , but it might just go down with the Rocky Horror/Showgirls crowd . Do n't forget to bring the orrnges and the fake biker moustache !
 its a treat to see this H.G. Wells classic presented as it was meant
 This production is so amateurish I thought it may have been made by 1st year students!Don ' t waste your money , this film is bl * & dy ; awful!You have been warned .
 This is without a doubt the worst movie I have ever seen . Terrible acting , too long , special effects that were far from special or effective , just terrible . I have bought and viewed many movies but this is the first time that I have been motivated to write a review . I find it hard to beleive that anyone would release this movie as anything other than a joke . If I could have given no stars I would have .
 Decided to get this film as an alternative to the latest blockbuster . This film is true to the original book , and set in the same time period . Unfortunately that is where the similarity ends , as this is so badly made it makes you cringe . Firstly the acting is terrible , and it is all to apparent the none of the actors are english . Their accents are reminiscent of Dick Van Dyke in Mary popppins . The CGI special effects are laughable , and the film has this annoying orange hue throughout.I dodnt finish watching the film , and quite frankly it was a waste of good money . My advise is dont bother .
 This really looks like Tim Hines decided to make a gay porno version of H.G. Wells book but at the last minute took all the sex out in the mistaken belief he 'd made a proper movie . It bears a passing resemblance to the novel , but it 's full of weird gay undertones . The hero looks like Freddie Mercury and spends much of the second half with his shirt off holding down a ` nice ' looking young priest from behind . If that 's your idea of suitable family entertainment , fine , but be warned that this is not exactly the ` straight ' adaptation the box promises . Even if you 're fine with the gay content , bear in mind this boasts porno level acting , direction and storytelling - in other words non-existant - with the worst movie effects ever .
 There 's not really much point in posting this review , since most of it 'll have been said elsewhere , and probably more eloquently . That said , it 'll also help shift all those mysterious first-time reviewers who think this is worth five stars ... This is an object lesson in why the studio system sometimes works . All it really needed was someone to occasionally say , `` Tim , this is rubbish '' , `` Tim , that guy can not act and his accent is risible , '' or at the very least , `` Tim , you 've just shown that . You do n't need to have two characters discuss it in detail for the next six minutes . `` The actual individual shots are generally pretty competent , it 's just the editing , acting , pacing , and every other aspect of the film you can think of that plumb the depths of toe-curling ineptitude . Some FX sequences - I 'm thinking especially of the Thunderchild - genuinely would have been more effective if they 'd been done in a water tank with plastic models.In fact , this is one of the most galling things about WotW - if Hines had had the intelligence to * play up * the stilted acting , the wonky effects and the bizarre towns that consist of half a dozen houses scattered around fields at random and maybe desaturate the colour a bit , he 'd have had something a bit like a low-rent Guy Maddin movie going here.As it is , it 's such an incredible ordeal from start to finish that the mere fact that it even * exists * makes you wonder about Hines ' mental wellbeing , given the vast amount of time and effort that appears to have gone into it . My friend 's three-year-old daughter could spot that this was nonsense - why could n't anyone involved in the production ?
 At 3 hours long , this is certainly an epic undertaking.Getting through it I mean!The film follows the book very closely in detail & unfortunately for itself in style too ! It 's ace card being set in the authentic Victorian time is also the film 's weakest point . With the young mordern viewer being unable to relate to a victorian gentleman running from one scene to the next -LRB- There is a lot of this , as if we did n't ` get ' that the character has just left the scene ... the director shows us how he gets to the next scene , again & again & again -RRB- . The effects are bold but unconvincing , even laughable in places . The acting is inconsistant , swinging from good to amatuer!Even without an alternative out there , this is a poor film . Think of it as a sort of 3 hour college production , by someone who has not listened during the lessons about pacing or editing . BUT given there only 5 or 6 people credited in making this monumental effort , I should n't be so unrelenting . But I paid my dollars for this and so will a lot of other unsuspecting people I guess . Entertaining ! ... But unfortunately for the wrong reasons .
 This film is so bad you can not believe that anyone would release it . It does n't even look started let alone finished . The film seems to be a raw assembly with no real editing . The special effects are all unfinished . The photography is terrible . The acting is much worse . Even the moustaches are fake and falling off . And there is a very odd gay vibe through the whole film that I doubt was in the novel . If Spielberg did not have a film coming out this year there is no way any sane person would ever put this out . But obviously the people of this film have no more shame than they have talent .
 I had read a lot of things on IMDB , the film did n't make the release date , various bad comments , and the site going down . Stories that the film could n't be released because of copyright infringements by Pendragon against Paramount . So when this appeared I had to see what all the fuss was about.Firstly the film is way to long and dragged out . Running just under 3 hours , it could have been more tightly edited to say 2 hours . The story follows HG Wells ' novel pretty closely , but some of the acting is terrible . Ogilvy , played by Jack Clay is to say the least laughable.The tripods look pretty good , but the special FX in general are pretty amateurish . The destruction of Big Ben could have been done better with an old Amiga 1200 computer . The Thunderchild FX was pretty dire , they looked like little plastic boats on a pond.Timothy Hines stated the budget was $ 12 million , I honestly ca n't see where the money went . I really wanted to like this film as it was going to be the first true adaptation set in 19th century England . England in this seems to be mainly fields with little village settlements . In the London scenes , the building architecture is all the wrong period . Most of London was destroyed in 1666 , so there is very little left of the Tudor period that Timothy Hines seems to think London was.Hopefully Jeff Wayne will redress the balance when his cgi animated version comes out possibly 2007 . If it 's done to the same standard as the album it will be brilliant .
 Remember how the gang in the `` Little Rascals '' shorts would `` put on a show '' to earn some money and the show would be staged with cheap home-made props and laughably terrible performances ? Well that `` let 's put on a show '' spirit survives in the Pendragon version of WotW . Unfortunatly the home made props and bad performances also survived.I really wanted to like this DVD because the idea of doing WotW in the appropriate time period is an admirable endeavor . However , after seemingly neverending shots of men walking -LRB- or running -RRB- along an unpaved road and hundreds of reaction shots of actors -LRB- ? -RRB- reacting to something other than what was being shown on the screen , my patience wore a little thin . By the time I got to the incredibly bad Thunderchild sequence , I was sure I had been transported to the satellite of love but Mike or Joel and the robots were nowhere to be found.I guess good intentions do n't always make for good entertainment and this is n't good entertainment !
 I really wanted to like this movie . I liked the idea that it followed the book and thought it would be a refreshing counter-point to Spielberg 's over-the-top -LRB- and really stupid -RRB- version . I expected something like Irwin Allen level special effects and would have been satisfied with that.From the begining , things were worse than expected . Some dolt chose to cram 3 h of movie on a DVD and I 'll bet it 's a single layer DVD . As a result , the video quality is awful ... very jerky . Worst I 've ever seen on any commercial DVD . Somebody claimed that this was done on purpose . If they wanted to make the film annoying to watch , they succeeded . The acting is mediocre at best ... and best happens rarely . There is nothing special about the special effects . They do n't even rise to the level one would expect of modestly talented no-budget college film student.Do not under any circusmstances buy this turkey . Rent it for a dollar if you must and prepare to use your thumb a lot on the FF button of your remote ... or get set for a long nap.This thing makes Spielberg 's version look good and the 1950 's version a work of genius .
 The one gift to give when you want to tell someone `` I hate you '' . Really , this was just such a poorly done waste of time . Just terrible ! I only paid $ 10.00 for it , and I STILL feel like I got ripped off . Shot on video -LRB- and it looks it -RRB- with student-grade special CGI effects , this film is the `` Plan 9 From Outerspace '' of our time ... no wait , I take that back . `` Plan 9 '' is too good a film in comparison to insult by grouping it in with this piece of rubbish . I spent half the time fast forwarding through the horrible acting and the main character running around the back woods as he constantly tripped and fell in panic . Seriously , I had my DVD player set on x16 and the scenes still lasted like 10 minutes each !! Do yourself a favor and pass on this one . I 'd rather be hit by a heat ray then have to sit through this one again .
 This is not a movie in any recognisable way . In fact , it 's the most anti-cinematic experience of the year . Every word of the first three quarters of the book has been put on the screen no matter how trivial or unimportant , and in the dullest way possible . The fact that this leaves them with three hours of badly shot , badly acted video tape -LRB- it 's not even shot on film -RRB- actually seems to be the point of this bizarre vanity project from an absurdly underfunded but overindulged bunch of amateurs . No matter how boring , how bad it gets , they can point to the book and put the blame on H.G. Wells , who would be disgusted and appalled by what they 've done to his book . And this is very bad , very boring . Nothing about it is on even an elementary level of professionalism or competence , from the effects -LRB- not state of the art even in 1898 -RRB- to the pitiful acting . It 's made by people with no idea how to make a movie . No terror , no awe , no pace , no characterisation , just lifeless reenactments that would shame Crimewatch . Pitiful . Save your money .
 After months of spamming Amazon with fake good reviews -LRB- and I 'm NOT talking about the real name reviewers who like the film here
 -LSB- ... -RSB- It 's strange that in all the talk of accuracy there 's no talk of the context or subtext of Wells book . This film includes a LOT of what is inessential about Wells book while completely missing what it is really about . Elements that do n't chime with the upbeat cookie cutter exploitation aims of the derivative filmmakers , like the second disturbing Artilleryman scene -LRB- where he thanks the Martians for killing the weak and leaving the strong -RRB- or the vision of the dead capital city are unceremoniously junked as if they do n't matter.Worse is the total change from Wells point of view . Someone has said that the quotes about religion come from the book . Yes , but not the context . Like everything else , the filmmakers have completely misunderstood . The character is a Christian , so talks of God , but everything he experienced , as he later admits in the epilogue that is completely cut from the film , undermines and disproves that faith . -LRB- Wells was an atheist and this book is an attack on religion and imperialism both . -RRB- Prayers go unanswered , priests go mad and the world is destroyed by science . Not only that , but the pessimism of the ending is swapped for triumph . In Wells novel it is clearly said that this is not a victory for humanity but a reprieve , that the Martians will return and possibly ultimately conquer mankind . You wo n't find that in the cookie cutter production line happy ending here . This is a film about bland people in waistcoats with bad accents taking on Martians , nothing more.And this is cheap production line stuff . One reviewer said comparing this to other versions was like comparing a restaurant to McDonalds . That 's unfair . This is no superbly cooked feast , it 's a burnt cheeseburger that 's fallen on the floor , been dragged out by the cat , chucked up and then put back in the bap in the hope you wo n't notice the difference . If you do get suckered , my advice is to send it back and demand an apology from the manager . It seems to be infected with the same kind of unhealthy bacillus that did for the Martians .
 After the recent release of Spielberg 's version , I decided to read the original book by H.G. Wells . This movie apparently was made by purists who wanted to apply the book directly to the screen.Overly ambitious for the budget , the movie is somewhere between bad and artsy . It is in dire need of an editor . Having the same actor play the narrator AND his brother is a bit strange , and made comical by the cheap prop mustache . The special effects are archaic.It is , however , a must for a collector on War of the Worlds items .
 You know , I really , REALLY wanted to love this film . I loved the idea that someone was -LRB- for once -RRB- going to be true to the original work by Well 's . However , even in the build up to this film 's release in Spring 05 a lot of things were just not adding up.Continued delays in the release , a disturbing difficulty to find any evidence that there were going to be a cinema release , etc -LRB- more on this later -RRB- . So I blindly bought this title on DVD in Walmart last week and here 's what I 've found.I knew I had to be prepared for modest effects , as I 'd heard the film was low budget . However , this does n't begin to describe the problems with this film ! The effects are sadly the best thing about this film -LRB- and believe me the effects are BAD , that 's the real chilling part to this tale -RRB- . The acting all round is ... very limited ... I would n't quite say awful , but it 's really not much above that . But there is just so much of this film that is wrong . There is absolutely NO ATTENTION to detail here ! Costumes are a mix of time periods , props and backgrounds sometimes contain modern day materials -LRB- check out the chairs in the restaurant scene -RRB- and there are big gaps in this supposed ` true adaptation ' of Well 's classic -LRB- our hero never makes it to London -RRB- . Now I 'm not particularly clever or good at observing smart editing , but even I can see how ` patchy ' and utterly amateur the final cut is . I kid you not , large and agonizingly long scenes in the film consist of characters ` running about ' and doing nothing for the plot at all . It would appear that any scene that was shot made it into the film . Scenes switch to blatantly obvious different times of the day as the light in scenes switches erratically . As bad as this film is , simple attention to editing could have turned it from a three hour film to a two hour film that was just as bad , but without wasting another hour of my life.I want to believe this film was made by enthusiasts on a limited budget , but you really ca n't see any signs of love and care to detail in any aspect of this film . When you take into account the strange and mysterious ` rave reviews ' that appear on these pages for this film -LRB- and the even more suspicious , a regular 4 reviews a day that appear -RRB- , you quickly realize that certain powers -LRB- presumably Mr. Hines himself -RRB- are working hard to con people into parting with their money . If only he had put this much effort into making a REAL movie about H.G. Well 's novel.I presume Mr. Hines is reading this , as he prepares to put another 4 fake reviews on these pages -LRB- notice how each rave review is the ONLY review done by that person ? -RRB- . So to him I 'd like to say this ... You may have made a couple of fast bucks with this con , but you 'll never manage it again .
 Never have so few mangled so many words of the English language as the cast of this home movie . None of them can do an English accent but figure that if they mispronounce a word completely in the most surreal way then that 'll do . It 's hysterically funny for the first few minutes , but then you realise the film is so slow and so bad that you feel your will to live being sapped . It 's the most crazily incompetent film ever made , bad on every single technical level and a lousy bit of storytelling to boot . When it takes 50 minutes for the Martian cyclinder to open , you know these poor deluded fools do n't know the first thing about how to make a film . I doubt they even had a script . It plays like they had a copy of the book and passed it round before each take ! Pathetic . It 's almost worth buying to see just how bad a film can be , but in the end it 's just too long and boring to provide much in the way of laughs .
 Keep a good book or a stack of old magazines handy while watching this movie .
 If you want to waste three hours of your life on this excretia , just beware that -1 . It 's not a proper movie . It 's shot on a clockwork webcam2 . It 's not even funny3 . It only has the boring bits from the book4 . It goes on forever5 . You can get the same effect by watching flies buzzing around roadkillThis is like someone who aspires to be as good as Ed Wood but is n't even that good . Boring to the max !
 This is the first time in my life I popped a dvd in to my player , watched about 10 minutes -LRB- fastforwaded the rest -RRB- of it and promptly threw it in the trash . I can not believe that Timothy Hines has the nerve to release such crap . From the POOR acting to the -LRB- not so -RRB- special effects that my 4 year old could have done , this movie was a huge disappointment . I have waited for the release of this film for years . I can not even put into words my anger . Please , Please , Please do not , I repeat , do not buy this piece of crap .
 I wanted to like this film - no I was desperate to like it . Being a Brit I was was somewhat dissappointed by the constant resiting of `` War of the Worlds '' in comempory America -LRB- no offence intended to our friends in the US - I do understand why the 50 's version , Spielberg version and Independence Day were re-sited in America -RRB- and I 've always felt that the story deserved to be told as H G Well 's intended - i.e. Victorian England . Having obtained a copy and watched it I can only comment that it is an utter waste of the aluminium and plastic that went into the DVD disc itself . Appalling acting , and really the most shocking English accents since Keanu Reeves in Dracula . I 've seen more convincing special effects on computer games I played 10 years ago on my first pentium PC . A good half of the film -LRB- that 's 90 minutes or so -RRB- seems to be people walking backwards and forwards through the `` English '' countryside . On the plus side costume and weaponry seems relatively accurate , the story is very faithful to the book and the CGI tripods are relatively good . On the minus side the CGI martian is laughable as is the CGI `` rendering '' -LRB- in flat colour -RRB- of the Thunderchild.One `` actor '' plays two parts and these are only distinguishable by the fact the main character -LRB- the writer -RRB- appears to be balancing a hairy slug on his top lip.If anyone has seen `` Plan 9 from Outer Space '' you may get an understanding of just how bad this film is . At least Ed Wood 's effort was made 50 years ago . I sincerely hope that the perpetrators of this monstrosity were college students creating a media studies project . Buy it if you want a laugh but do n't hold out too much hope .
 First this is a 100 % authentic review of this dvd . My intent with this review is to shed light on anyone wondering if they should shell out their hard earned $ for this product . The answer , much like the dvd itself , is a mixed bag . For sci-fi fans who enjoyed the H.G. Wells classic , and who dont mind obvious budget issues , as well as campy acting , this dvd might be '' somewhat '' pleasing . As for the rest of us who have had the pleasure of seeing far superior effects , acting , writting , and directing , this '' adaptation '' will be a waste of time and $ . And considering this dvd runs an unbelievable 3 hrs in length , and is at the local wal-mart for $ 10 bucks , it will be more a waste of time than $ . Well at least for those who were able to stay awake during those LONG 3 hrs . You may be asking why this dvd gets 2 stars instead of one . It gets one star for the shear effort of the cast and crew , who tried to do their best with the most shallow of production values , and little or no direction . How upon seeing the finished product one of them didnt come up to the '' director '' and say '' we need to talk '' is a question I would love to have answered . Its gets it second star as a tribute to all independent film makers , who had a dream , or vision , and saw it through . The nerve of the '' director '' showing this to anyone and expecting him/her to take it seriously , is mind numbing . And also asking for , and GETTING , this dvd distributed somewhere as large as wal-mart , is as they say an '' only in America '' thing . For that fact alone I was tempted to give it a 3rd star . Thank goodness the memory of seeing the lead actor do nothing more than run back and forth for 1/3 of the dvd , brought me back to my senses . In summary this dvd , apart from being a mild pleasure for the extremely bored sci-fi fan , is for the curious only .
 Probably because we 'd declare war on the US if they tried to foist this rubbish off on us . Contrary to what some well dodgy reviews here say , absolutely no care whatsoever has been taken to get anything about British life right at all . No research , nothing . They did n't even rent a copy of Howards ' End to see what Britain looked like . It 's horribly inaccurate about the Victorian era , both attitudes and architecture - London is a dirt road medieval city in long model shots but looks just like modern-day Boston , USA in street scenes . ` Woking ' looks like the kind of upstate New York place people go for weekends in Woody Allen films . The costumes are n't just wrong country -LRB- what are the US cavalry doing in this film in the artillery scenes ? -RRB- they 're wrong century . The accents are some strange Dutch-French-Australian hybrid . And the false moustache on the eyerolling bad acting Freddie Mercury lookalike leading lady - sorry , man -LRB- well , he IS much camper than Freddie ever was -RRB- keeps on starting to fall off in the wind!As if that was n't bad enough , not much of Wells original book survives this clodhopping one-man-and-his-dog home video production . Bits are missing left right and centre , either because they did n't understand them or they ran out of money . Honestly , nations have gone to war over smaller insults than this farce . Made by morons for morons - which means if you 've got an ounce of intelligence , you 'll see through this turkey in minutes .
 Ummmmm -- so why did all the previous reviews for this product disappear ? Perhaps Pendragon complained about the overwhelmingly negative reviews.I bought this movie at Wal-Mart ; as a professional-quality movie it is a disaster . The cinematography borders on the bizarre -LRB- veering from night to day and back again in the same action sequence -- very reminiscent of `` Plan 9 From Outer Space '' -RRB- . The CGI is the quality of that found on an early 90s video game ; the acting is distinctly amateur and the script atrocious . This movie reminded me of Ralph Bakshi 's `` Lord of the Rings ' cartoon of the 1980s -- it has the same unfinished , hastily-edited look.I gave this 2 stars in the review that seems to have been removed from Amazon . On further reflection , I think that 1 is warranted .
 ... there is a legal precedent that may be of interest . Pendragon and Timothy Hines have been bombarding this site with fake reviews to push the genuine ones to the back of the queue , despite having been made aware of the potential legal consequences of their actions.In 2003 , a Sony Pictures publicist falsified reviews for ` A Knight 's Tale . ' This cost the studio $ 1.5 m.A report of the case , 29th January 2004
 Oh , I am not saying this DVD is bad , but it is worse than that awful Van Gogh VHS my sister-in-law got me for Christmas at the dollar store because it was on sale . That is not to say there were no good moments.The repititious screen saver like animation was mildly amusing as was the stilted dialogue . The screen saver stuff reminded me of `` Mary Poppins '' ... if `` Mary Poppins '' were blowing up ... And , what about that Anglican priest ? Was he comedy relief , or what ? What I am saying is that someone owes me 180 minutes of my life back . I am not kidding . What really hurts the production is that had it been made a bit more badly it could have become a cult video destined to be sold for decades .
 `` He 's not going to beat up on a movie that tries so hard to be true to the original novel , is he ? `` Yes he is.Now and then one comes across a movie so badly put together that one comes away astonished that those who made it even bothered . This is one of them.It is possible to make a movie like this on a shoestring budget . But it is not possible to fall back on really terrible acting and special effects so corny they make cartoons look realistic . Even the main character 's mustache looks fake ! It sits differently in different scenes.The woman who plays his wife could n't act to save her life ; the maid was in danger of her eyebrows staying permanently raised ; the soldier separated from his unit was so unbelievable that I wanted to send him back to Horsell Common to achieve skeletonhood with the rest of them . Even the extras were terrible ! They gaze up at the sky , where cgi effects so poor they are laughable supposedly represent the oncoming Martian war machines , and half the crowd does n't even look scared . They suddenly start running , obviously cued to do so , some half-smiling , others trying not to laugh as they pretend to be frightened.This film is a catastrophe . You do n't have to have a Spielberg budget to make a decent film . People do it all the time with hand-held video cameras . There is simply no defensible reason to produce a picture this sloppy . The bad editing mentioned by previous reviewers gives the impression that nobody really gave a damn if the sky looks one way from one camera angle -- bright -- and dark and rainy from another . Did the film even have an editor ? I ca n't be bothered to find out . H. G. Wells would have thanked the makers for the impulse toward fidelity , and then gone home and vomited.As much as I hate to recommend a Tom Cruise film , go see Spielberg 's version . It 's much more frightening -- in the deliberate sense , that is .
 I have just lost three hours of my life to this travesty , and I can honestly say I feel violated . I had read the reviews and heard the warnings , and I thought I was prepared for anything - at best I thought , a faithful -LRB- if misguided -RRB- attempt at an original adaptation ; at worst , a so-good-it 's - bad `` Plan 9 '' for the new millennium . So when I managed to pick up a copy in Walmart while in Florida and brought it back to the UK , I joked to my friends `` Prepare for the worst movie ever made ! `` Oh , cruel Karma.There is absolutely NOTHING to recommend this film . The `` special '' effects look like the work of a first year design student using a Spectrum ZX81 . The acting is terrible , the accents are WORSE than terrible -LRB- one artillery mans ' accent seems to take us on a tour of the British Isles , from Scotland to Wales via Northern Ireland -RRB- , the dialogue is stilted , the editing is non-existent , the production values prove that no expense has been gone to . Words really can not describe how bad this movie is ; from the Union Flag flying from the horribly CGI 'd Thunderchild -LRB- the Royal Navy flies the White Ensign , NOT the Union flag -RRB- to the woodworm ridden acting , this is quite simply a crime against film making.When you consider some of the literally-zero-budget fan films that are available on the ` net -LRB- the Star Wars short `` Troops '' for example -RRB- , the whole `` we 're enthusiastic amateurs '' argument goes right out of the window . And if you believe an interview with Hines on the Pendragon website , this film had an 8 figure budget ! I can only assume that dodgy facial hair does not come cheap in the US . Maybe the problem is that Hines & co did n't seem to bother with a screenplay , and just lifted the text straight out of the book . Characters and extras spout chunks of text verbatim without trying to convey the feelings behind the words . Just about the ONLY person who even comes close to giving a decent performance is Darlene Sellers , the ex-soft porn actress.Now I know there are people out there who probably did like this film , but a lot of the positive reviews on this board seem HIGHLY suspect to me , especially the ones that talk about the `` Epic , state-of-the-art special effects '' and the `` Oscar-winning acting '' . It 's not my place to point fingers , but in my opinion I would be very wary of the reviews that paint this film as some kind of cinematic Tour de Force.My advice ? Pray like crazy that Jeff Wayne 's 2007 animated movie does n't get screwed up , and go watch the Spielberg version . It may not be true to the text of the book , but I can say this ; As a lifelong HG Wells fan -LRB- and Englishman as well -RRB- Speilbergs film IS true to the Spirit of the book . Maybe customs were wrong to let me carry this monster into the country , but I will say this
 I 've just finished watching this movie , and wanted to say that I actually enjoyed it , though with reservations.First of all the directing and editing are pathetic , pathetic , pathetic . The composition of scenes and choices of filters and settings are for the most part amatuerish , to be charitable . In this regard I would like to say that those other reviewers who compare Mr. Hines talents to those of Ed Wood are not far from the mark.Much the same can be said of the special effects , except that there are a few good effects , notably the design of the fighting machines . However the failings in graphics are more forgivable given the movie 's limited budget.What is much harder to forgive is the seeming total lack of planning and basic knowledge of filmmaking methods evident in the crowd scenes -LRB- or should I say the same crowd scene seen over and over again -RRB- . An especially gross example of this lack of skill is the Thunder Child sequence , as other reviewers have pointed out.The movie none the less deserves some praise simply because it does manage to convey the intensity and serious implications of the novel . It does this for two reasons . One is that it faithfully adheres to the book -LRB- with only one small exception that I observed -RRB- . The other , and perhaps more important , is the marvelous performance delivered by Mr. Piana as the lead . He is totally believable in the role , and manages to carry the movie , despite sometimes completely incompetant performances by the rest of the cast.I watched the movie in one sitting , and will probably watch it again some day , though I 'm not in a hurry to do so . For the price of $ 9 I paid I feel I got my money 's worth .
 You 've got to laugh at all these rabid nutters saying all the bad reviews are written by Steven Spielberg . Trust me , the guy has nothing to worry about from this practical joke , unless its busting a rib laughing . It 's obvious five minutes in this is n't a proper movie , it 's all just a big con on the audience . They 're trying for something Orson Welles , conning the audience into thinking it 's a real movie , but they do n't have Welles ' smarts . They 've got just enough in focus stuff to put together a trailer for this that could look good , but after that it 's really , really cheap stuff all the way , like watching a really bad live TV play from the early 70s only with worse effects . By the time you find this out , of course , they 've got yer money and you 've got egg on you!Spielberg 's film is a long way from his best , but the people who made this turkey on their best day could n't even hope to be 1/10000th as good a him on his worst . If you want to see a really good version of the film , stick to the old 1953 version , which is better than any of them - and still the closest to the feel of the book !
 I love science fiction but this has to be the worst Sci-fi movie I have ever seen . The dialog is poor , the acting is like a black & white silent movie . Stay with the earlier version please ...
 Well I ca n't say I was n't warned about this `` War Of the Worlds '' . BUT I could n't believe it was that bad ... well trust me IT IS !!! If not the worst movie ever made it sure is right in the top 5 . There really are n't any redeeming features to this movie except the wonderful premise RUINED by terrible acting -LRB- acting ??? -RRB- , awful special effects -LRB- the `` boat scenes '' have to be seen to be believed !! -RRB- . It must 've had a budget of less than a million dollars -LRB- certainly not the reported 45 million spent ... spent on what !!!??? -RRB- It 's getting a 1 rating due to 3 actors , the lead man , the soldier and the parson . They seemed to have tried and by comparison to ALL other cast members deserve some praise .
 Where do i start with this review ? Well , i have to say a big thanks to Mr Hynes for making my evening one of the most entertaining in recent memory . I can not believe that anyone could release a film like this for public consumption . Is he mad ? It has to be the WORST film i have ever seen in my whole life . It is also one of the funniest . The acting is absolutely atrocious and the effects ... OH MY GOLLY GOSH !!!! The scene where the heat ray burns all the people and more of note , the woman writhing around on -LRB- superimposed -RRB- fire seemingly reaching orgasm , the skeletons screaming with their non existent voice boxes and lungs , the funny trotting horses in the background , the scene where the rubbish tripod squashes the woman in the street . I could go on but it would take me all night to write this review . So should you buy this movie or not ? ABSOLUTELY !!! You MUST see this to believe it , if only to rip the piss out of it . It deserves to become a cult classic as THE MOST HORRIFIC EXAMPLE OF FILM MAKING EVER !!! Timothy Hynes , we salute you . H G Wells would be proud . NOT .
 Well I 've been looking forward to seeing this film for a long time . Finally a film version of War of the Worlds that is actually set in Victorian England with cannons and horses instead of in America with cars , tanks and bloody nuclear bombers . About time.But WHAT A LET DOWN ! Now I ca n't wait to get out and see the Cruise/Speilberg version -LRB- okay so no doubt you good old yanks will save the day yet again but what the hell , it 's got to be better than this rubbish -RRB- . So why 2 stars ? Simple , the closeness to the original H G Wells book makes it worth 2 stars but that is it . Nothing else can redeem this film I 'm afraid.Well actually there is one thing that may do the job , use another piece of H G Wells ` imagination , build a time machine and transport this film back to the 1950s then it will beat the hell out of anything else at the cinema . The special effects were appauling and I was praying for a little flying machine with it rays instead of legs from the George Pal version to turn up and start blowing everything up.The worst effect of the lot ? Look at the cover of the Jeff Wayne album with the Thunder Child being melted by a Martian Tripod heatray , that 's the way it should look , the Thunder Child sequence in this film was so laughable it was embarrassing to watch , I used to make animations like that on my Commodore Amiga computer years ago.Okay so a film should n't ride on special effects alone but they should add to the story and make you believe there are huge tripod machines stomping all over the English countryside wiping out everyone in their path . There was a BBC series many years ago called The Tripods , their machines were done so much better and actually moved the way you 'd imagine -LRB- although I have to say that the machines in this film were pretty close to the H G Wells description -RRB- the Martian machines just slide and you 'd expect a huge tripod like that to have its feet hit the ground with a earth shattering crash and loud rumble like thunder not with the strange `` whoop '' sound effect that these had . And when a human body has been incinerated so much that there 's just a skeleton left I 'm pretty sure there 's no way it can still move!There 's low budget and there 's NO BUDGET , if you do n't have enough money to buy a nice 42 '' plasma screen then do n't try to buy it , if you do n't have the money to do such a classic sci-fi novel justice , then do n't try , you 'll just end up with a laughable mess like this film.I mean there 's even a cardboard cutout of an early car on a bridge , surely there was the money to find a REAL one somewhere!Best parts of the film ? Everything up to the point where the first Martian appears from the cylinder , worst parts ... everything else basically.So 2 stars for following the story so closely but that 's it . Watch if you 're curious but I 'd advise avoiding like the plague if you 're expecting something special like I was .
 Can a low budget feature be both astonishingly bad and hilariously pompous ? The answer is yes , and the proof is this movie and the hype leading up to its release . If you want a film that can illustrate all the things you should n't do when making a movie -LRB- sort of a negative Filmmaking 101 course -RRB- , then by all means , buy this movie . Just be sure to have your DVD player fumigated afterwards.By the way , I give this film a one-star rating since Amazon does n't allow negative numbers .
 Regarding the theory that this film is intended to be artistically modelled as if it were made in the 1920s . There is severe error with that assumption for countless reasons . Here are just a few :1 . Rather than utilizing what would have been a very artistic approach to the alien vehicles -LRB- stop-motion animation -RRB- , the author 's of this film chose to use cheap , grade-z computer generated effects . -LRB- why , Why , WHY make an ugly , computer generated horse ! -RRB- There is just no logic behind the majority of this movie 's production decisions .2 . The film has blatent historical -LRB- and other -RRB- errors ; such as
 It 's hard to know where to begin . Were it not for the interviews by the director making outrageous claims that `` our effects will be state-of-the-art , '' I might be more lenient . If this were a school project made by enthusiastic 10-year-olds , I might be more forgiving of the otherwise unforgivable lack of direction , editing , effects , sound , and acting . I mean , it 's just all bad . This is the sort of project that one would call campy , but the problem is the production set out to make something to be taken seriously ... and they have failed miserably . I 've seen low-budget , tongue-in-cheek send-ups of genre films that can be fun . And when you take them in the context they present themselves in , they are acceptable and entertaining . But this film would have you believe it was a slick independant project with first class production values . That the lead , Anthony Piana , is `` the next Al Pacino . '' When you spew out such reckless claims , you 'd better be able to back them up . Instead , this film buries itself under the dead-weight of a no-talent cast and crew.There 's absolutely no reason this thing had to be three hours . It watches like an initial rough cut . The decisions made regarding some of the effects are mind-boggling , particularly with the creatures and the cylinder . Some effects , like shots taken during midday , and key out part of the blue sky so it looks like night time , fail because they have no basis in reality -LRB- should have done day-for-night ... it 's easy and it would have made a BIG difference -RRB- . I had read earlier that the film employed a cheap sepia effect to give the production a vintage look . This is true in some scenes -LRB- although they 're WAY too orange -RRB- , but for some reason it is only occasionally employed , which only further adds to the frustrating experince of watching this amateurish stink-fest . Mixing sepia and full-color should establish a reason , like in `` The Wizard of Oz . `` No one with any sense of successful filmmaking would recommend this video . The tragedy is with the resources the production claims it had , this could have/should have been a winner . Bottom line
 After reading the mostly negative reviews of this film , I decided to buy it anyhow based on my longtime love of H.G.Wells classic tale of an alien armageddon . I went into it with an open mind ... I really did . This version of the story starts off promising , I found the cinematography to be really interesting in it 's use of sepia and tinted backgrounds and it was obvious that Timothy Hines , the director was trying to make it look as if the film was made around the turn of the century . It was true to the story too and this pleased me . The specials effects , crude by today 's standards actually had a charm all their own ... at the start . The first turkey indicator was the mustache on the main charactor , it looked like it was purchased from a Wal-Mart costume display at Halloween time and I found myself laughing out loud every time I concentrated on it . It started to become a distraction . The acting for the most part was really awful , particularly the main charactor 's wife . I was resolved however to see this thing through it 's entire lenght . Another distraction was the editing which was as inept as it gets . If a charactor has to get from one place to another we are treated to endless takes of them walking through fields and woods forever and ever . No wonder this thing runs 3 hours , but I was anxious to see the infamous tripods so I kept telling myself to hang in there . When they finally appeared they got the biggest laugh of all out of me as they hoped and skipped in jerky strides across the landscape . At this point I said to myself `` So many good movies and so little time , I 'm outta ' here . '' I went downstairs to my DVD library and pulled out Spielberg 's version and for 2 hours I watched the work of a master and enjoyed that film more then I ever have .
 I have never written a review for any Amazon product , but this movie alone inspired my frist attempt . There 's not much that can be said that has n't already been . The acting is terrible , the special effects are some of the worst ever seen by human eyes , and the movie as a whole is completely the most boring thing I have ever witnessed . The color filters of the film change between almost every seen and the fake mustache of the main character is hillarious . I did n't even finish watching the movie because I thought I might suffer an extensive ammount of brain damage . As previously stated in other reviews , its seems this movie was rushed and released to make a quick buck by confusing buyers with the Spielberg version or something to that effect . In fact , I bought this DVD on accident myself.All in all
 I 'm here to tell EVERYONE that all the ` Very Good ! ' ` Terrific ! ' ` Excellent ! ' ' I really liked this movie !!! ' reviews you see here ARE PLANTED BY THE FILM COMPANY 'S PRESS PEOPLE !! THE FILM IS DREADFUL . PERIOD . ANY GOOD REVIEWS WERE DONE BY PRESS FLACKS WHO ARE PAID FOR WHAT THEY WRITE . DO NOT - REPEAT - DO NOT BELIEVE ANY GOOD REVIEWS HERE - THOSE ARE THE FAKED ONES . Read all the other reviews and you 'll know who is telling the truth and WHO IS A PRESS FAKE ! If I had my way , I 'd kick each and every one of these Moronic , Cretinous Bastards in the balls . They are paid whores . By the studio that can not even do a decent job of production . I have seen college films by sophmore students that show more talent that this mess did .
 Let me just say I 'm a HUGE fan of WOTW , I 've read the book many times -LRB- It 's one of those stories I just never get tired of -RRB- I used to listen to the Jeff Wayne musical when I was a kid , and I 've now seen every movie version of this classic masterpiece ; the 1952 Byron Haskin/George Pal classic ; the new Spielberg one ; the David Latt Asylum splatterfest , also released this year , and this one.Ever since I was at school I wanted to see a period remake set in the original time and location of the book , but was disapointed at how this one was carried out , I was n't expecting mind-blowing effects but I would have expected at least semi-professional effects but this looked rushed or like it was done by college students , the designs of London and Woking were totally inaccurate and I know its been mentioned a lot here but skeletons can not thrash around as they have no muscles or tendons or anything , the costumes were n't too bad though , but I can generally overlook bad SFX if the acting and story telling is good but the British accents would have been insulting if they were n't so funny -LRB- Surley they could have found some English actors in the area -RRB- and they were given huge chunks of narrative to be spoken as dialogue , and spend minutes telling us what we have already seen or are seeing on the screen.I have to give 2 stars just because Tim Hines was so passionate about this and I 'm sure he really wanted to do a good job , but lack of decent editing , amature SFX and embarrasing acting really bring it down . I wo n't say `` Do n't buy this '' , because some people may like it , but I would recommend reading the book , and seeing the Spielberg film -LRB- OK its set in America in the present day , and there is a really annoying twist which does not hold up under scrutiny , but it still captures the terror and menace of the 1898 book -RRB- . And no , I do not represent Paramount pictures .
 This film IS a faithful dramatisation of the book , for which , as a fan I am grateful.Unfortunately it is also an example of what can not be achieved without sufficient funding . The acting is unconvincing and the special effects , CGI work is very poorly produced . It reminds me of live action films of the fifties interspersed with Hanna Barbera cartoons , which is a pity.It just does n't work , and even if one is a fan of the story , I would not recommend buying this film , which is a great shame .
 If you are looking for one of the worst versions of `` The War of the Worlds '' , you have come to the right place . This has to be one of the worst movies I have ever seen in my entire existence . Do n't waste your money on this one . Timothy Hines has been in the movie business for 20 years ? I think it 's time he starts thinking of a different career .
 You 're gon na love this.This thing would have made H.G.Wells give up writing . The cheap effects and editing are bad enough . But a full 1/3 of the film is someone running through the woods or down the lane . The CGI tripods almost move in a stop action animation manner . Much of the special effects look like they were done for a Playstation or X-Box and the color of the film looks like an early cheap porn flick . It almost looks like the same special effects crew that did the Doctor Who television shows . The dialog is horrible . Even the main character 's mustache looks fake & cheesy . AND THIS SUCKER IS 3 HOURS LONG !!!! If you are deep into Sci-fi stay away from this . But if you love really bad movie making . This movie ranks with Vampire Men from the Lost Planet for the worse Sci-Fi movie ever made . Elvira would love this thing and it cries out for Mystery Theator 3000 . Watch it if you get the chance .
 If something must be said about the good thing -LRB- the only good thing -RRB- about this low-budget version of H.G. Wells classic , it is the most faithful version ever made . The film is set in the late 1890s , the era when the original book depicts , not the modern-day America like two famous versions made in 1952 and 2005 . The filmmakers , it is obvious , love the Well 's original for director Timothy Hines co-wrote , photographed , and even edited the film . -LSB- WALK , WALK , WALK ... -RSB- But the film runs for 3 hours . I could n't believe it when I saw the words RUNTIME 180 Mins . Faithful to the book as it is , the story is so slow-moving and tedious that it bores you to death by the time you witness the aliens start to attack . What the hero of the film does is the following three - walking , talking , and crying . Sometimes he does two of them at the same time , but whatever he does , it is certain you will sleep . -LSB- AND STRANGE COLORS -RSB- The CGIs are awful , not even the same quality as the video games you can download on the net . I do n't expect much from the low-budget sci-fi film , but when I watch the tripods move like a grasshopper jumping in the field , it only makes me sad . And perhaps you should remember that with extra-care and money , you can create decent images like that of ` Sky Captain . ` But the worst thing is its colors . The picture is constantly tinted in various kinds of hues - at one time , it looks filtered with orange-colored film , another time , with green-colored , another with dark blue . The results are like looking a Grade Z films by Ed Wood film , in which the scenes switches between night and day . In this film , the characters seem as if soaked in blue water , then red , and so on and on , which makes me dizzy . You may think that your DVD player has been broken.But the most amazing thing about the film is that here so many reviewers have already posted their opinions about the film , which indicates that lots of people have seen it like I did before or after watching the Spielberg film . My advice is this
 Being familiar with the Wells story , and assuming that everyone else is too , I did n't expect them to use the same old tired solution about a virus in this movie . After all , they completely changed the Wells story around in so many ways . The least they could do is come up with an original solution . Even Independence Day resorted to the old virus trick.The movie is boring . I could n't watch it straight through without doing something else . While the movie was running on DVD I turned to Amazon and did a review of The Godfather , which is of course a far superior film to this silliness.Guess what happens right after our hero sees a fallen alien . Yeah , his kid runs up , his long lost kid , with his wife not far behind . What a coincidence . And that pastor , what an annoyance he was . Save me , Jesus.This is simply a poorly done movie . Do n't waste your time or money on it .
 I can no longer see because of this movie ! Run away ! Flee for your life!The worst ... and I mean THE WORST film I have EVER SEEN . EVER ! To call this `` War of the Worlds '' is a slap in the face to the great H.G. Wells . If there were some way to show this `` film '' to him , I 'm sure Mr. Wells would have changed his name and MOVED TO MARS to get as far away as possible from this god-awful movie.Thank goodness I saw this for free ! If I had to pay for this DVD , I would have driven to Mr. Hines ' house and beat the money out of him.STAY AWAY !
 After reading other reviews here I can not believe they have seen the same film , either that or they work for Pendragon pictures!This film is a travesty , truely awful by any standards . . no amount of lack of experience or budget can forgive this.The acting is awful , the ZX Spectrum could do better graphical effects and the editing was dire at best.Do yourself a favour , save your money and avoid like the plague ! Rated 1 star as I ca n't choose 0
 If this is such a 5-star masterpiece , why are there 40 used copies for sale?Seriously , if all the 300 + ` I 'm - not-Tim-Hines-but-this-movie-masterpiece-will-cure-all-known-diseases ' reviews are n't dodgy , why are there 40 used copies for sale as of today ? Surely this would be a keeper ? If you 're one of those conned into buying it and have seen it , the reason 's obvious . Of the two cheap ripoffs of the Spielberg film , this is easily the worst , made quickly with no money and a cast of camp non-actors and ex-porn starlets who borrowed a camcorder for a few hours . Painful to watch , you 'll probably spend more buying the DVD than these talentless shameless moneygrabbers did making it . Like the phoney reviews here , this is just another con trick .
 I 've been waiting for this `` true to the book '' version for over a year . I was shocked to find it had gone right to DVD without a theater release ... until I watched the DVD I bought ! `` Theater group '' acting and CGI that was worse than a cartoon ruins this effort . In fact , effort is the right word ... it TOOK an effort to sit through this to the end ! A big disappointment .
 So I received this War of the Worlds film today from the USA , and boy is it ever evident why it never got a theatrical release . Even my worst expectation was n't 1/10th as bad as it turned out.I 've only watched an hour -LRB- out of 3 !! -RRB- but it 's the biggest pile of garbage I 've ever laid eyes on . The acting is like a period piece porno without the sex.The digital sets do n't quite * sarcasm * match Sky Captain -LRB- a film with a much lower budget than this drivel if reports are to be believed -RRB- . I mean could they not find a bush with trees behind , instead of resorting to XBox videogame scenery and special effects ? And the buildings !!!! More polygons in a Quake level.It 's all treated with this kind of sepia tone , and a kind of jerky hand cranked camera effect , but that 's more to do with covering up the shoddy effects and cheap budget.The editing is woeful , with endless scenes of people climbing up and down the hill in `` horse-ellllll common '' . Which brings me to the accents.The accents are particularily risible , and the main character 's moustache has a life of it 's own . Faithful it may be , but when whole paragraphs of narrative from the book are assigned to the characters as actual dialogue , it just sounds like gibberish , and judging by the delivery , the actors certainly do n't know what the hell they are on about.The heat ray effects are comical in the extreme , especially when even after the victims are reduced to skeletons they still seem the have the brain activity and muscular structure to continue flailing their arms and legs Wile E Coyote style.The tripods are very very stupid indeed , and move like when you play with action figures sort of bouncing them along with a kind of attempt to make it look like the legs are moving , but add to this the difficulty of the third leg , and it 's done in very poor CGI . Oh yes , and the martians themselves look like um , i dunno something from childrens television , only not as professionally done.The whole thing so far is like one big long animatic , you know , that will have spectacular effects later . I mean , technically the first appearance of the tripods , was pretty much as described in the book , but the execution is just amatuerish in the extreme . I read , in an interview , the director saying they raised $ 42 million dollars for this , but it does n't show . I guess he might have pulled a `` Producers '' - style scam , because the money is n't on the screen , that 's for sure . Or maybe he was lying . I dunno.I do n't know if I 'll be able to watch the rest . I feel dirty owning it . I figured `` It 's only $ 10 '' but I want my money back , damn you!I just watched an episode of X-files before hand that probably had 1/20th the budget of this film -LRB- if the director is to be believed -RRB- , but oozed class from every frame.I 'm a huge War of the Worlds fan , and had high hopes for this , and was prepared to forgive it as a lower budget independent film , if they were at least creative about it , but frankly they appear to be trying to catch some publicity scraps from the infinitely superior Spielberg adaptation .
 this has to be one of the worst films ive ever seen . Ive seen student films with better CG than this . the main characters mustachelooks as if its a bit of paper that has been stuck on . and the acting is awfull . avoid at all costs .
 As a fan of the book , I was happy to hear of the plans for this film . As a fan of science fiction films , I was anticipating a movie which could rank very high among my favorites . Instead , this is one of the most poorly done films I have ever seen
 First of all , let 's congratulate Pendragon Pictures on creating a firestorm of ersatz `` controversy '' and , by cleverly doing so , actually sell significant copies of their innovative movie . I had no idea anyone could make a movie adaptation of H.G. Wells ' War of the Worlds entirely in PowerPoint . Second , if the budget was $ 42,000,000 or $ 42.00 -LRB- I 'm guessing the later , not the former -RRB- , what really matters is
 Had Timothy Hines and Susan Goforth put as much creative energy into this movie as they have with the numerous bogus reviews they 've allegedly planted here and at the IMDB , this version of `` The War of the Worlds '' would have been highly entertaining . Sadly , they 've presented viewers with an overly long and amateurish effort that has deservedly earned the scorn of most who have viewed it .
 When I first came to the website I was enthralled with the excitement that was being generated by what was to be the second to none version of HG Wells as told by him and in the era he described.Out of what orifice did Tim Hines pull this slug ??? From the moment the film started changing tones , from color to black and white to sepia , I thought that maybe it was to capture that old silent era feeling which would have been very welcome if that was the case , but seeing as this was not the case as the film developed I became incensed.The Martian cyclinders and the martians themselves were actually not bad , and the first viewing of the heat ray was true to Wells description , but it was those stupid tripods that looked like they were sliding across the ground rather then stomping over it that put the final nail in this films coffin . Obviously they were superimposed on the enviorment.Laughable was this attempt create the illusion of panic by having the same xtras walk hurridley , first in one direction and then back the opposite way.Was the Thunderchild warship some persons bathtub toy ??? cause thats what it looked like in closeups firing at the Martians , without any crew to be seen , not even a couple of CGI sailors.Ive never felt so burned , and I dont care about the money , I would have been glad to pay double for a 3hr worthwhile film of WOW.Shame on Pendragon , a pox on all those involved in this sham production , this vaporware adaption.Pendragon owes everyone an explanation .
 Fred B . Who is that Tim ? Gee he sure is upset for a neutral third party . Timbo you may suck at being a `` filmmaker '' but your wacked out ranting and delusions make you a laugh riot ... By the way I would put War of the Worlds in the pile of dung category except dung has some useful purposes . You need a bettertherapist .
 POOR , POOR , POOR . WHAT HAPPEND ? DID THE FILM MAKER FORGET TO TAKE A REAL CAMERA OR WAS THE AMERICAN PUBLISHER IN CONTROL OF THE EDITING AND OVERALL PRODUCTION . ITS ALMOST AS IF ITS BEEN DELIBERATLY MADE POOR TO COMPARE TO MR CRIUSE AND SPIELBERGS EFFORTS ! THIS SHOULD HAVE BEEN THE VERSION TO SEE , GENUINE AND TO THE BOOK . ALAS IT CERTIANLY IS NOT . YOU HAVE TO SEE IT TO BELIEVE HOW BAD IT IS.EVEN AS A MASSIVE FAN OF SI FI AND INDEED WOTW I COULDNOT FIND ONE MOMENT IN THE FILM TO MAKE A SINGLE GOOD COMMENT OF , HOWEVER THIS WOULD BE A VERY LONG REVIEW IF I LISTED THOSE THAT WERE BAD . A WASTE OF A DVD PRESSING AND CERTIANLY A WASTE OF MY MONEY .
 That 's what this movie looks like . A poor quality film school project that got a failing grade . The acting is poor and the cinematography is even worse . They seemed to blue screen everything , and poorly at that . Would it have been too hard to find a location to shoot like film school graduates?Don ' t waste your money on this version . Go buy another like the 1950 's version . You 'll be much happier . Trust me . However if you need a drink coaster this would do nicely .
 After suffering through this garbage for three hours I thought they should have called The War of the Fields . Why ? Because the martians land in a field , the writer 's house is in a field , the writer tells his wife and maid to wait in a field while he walks through a field to get a horse and buggy that has no horse , he takes them to her cousin 's house which I think was in a field , he goes to return the horse ? and buggy and then wanders through a field for a half an hour , the curate finds him in a field , the writer 's brother leaves London and encounters a field . I 've read the book several times and I do n't remember there being so many fields . Maybe Timothy Hines owns a lot of land . These are just a few things that are bad about this movie . It does follow the book but just because the writer does walk a lot does n't mean we have to see it for half of the movie .
 The movie stank . It stunk so much that I could n't tell if the bad smell was coming from my garbage or from the TV.I 'm not going to tell ALL about the movie -LRB- well , maybe a little -RRB- and why it stank because I 'm sure most of you already know from the other 70 + reviews on here . One thing I do n't get though . Why in the heck are people putting 5 stars ?? I can understand 2 or maybe even 3 ... but 5 ? Come on !! The people who put them are either paid by the studio or something else -LRB- I 'm not going to say here , but you fill your own words in to your hearts content -RRB- I can see where some of the people here are getting at though . The movie DID follow the book faithfully by pretty much telling everything that was written by the magic of H.G. Wells . So I guess that 's fine . But I do n't think that Mr. Wells would have appreciated such tripe from his book . There is absolutely no reason whatsoever why Hines could n't have made this movie better . To me , it 's almost as if Hines was `` mocking '' the storyline or he just did n't care enough and just threw this slop together and called this a cult classic . I understand that this was a life-long dream of Mr. Hines . But could n't you have made that dream seem sweeter if you actually took the time to create this ? And what really surprised me was that DreamWorks helped fund this thing . Who knew?Did you know that this was going to be released in theaters ? I ca n't imagine what that would have looked like . OUCH ! In the end of one of Mr. Hines ' interviews , he said that we -LRB- the movie watchers -RRB- are going to be stunned on what they 've done to this thing . Boy , he sure said a mouthful ! But on Mr. Hines ' side , he sounds like a giddy school-boy and is very proud of his work . Well in that case , good for you Mr. Hines!But this does n't ignore the thought of what my take of the movie is . So here is my take on some of the `` imperfections '' ... The coloring of the movie was a bit funky . This did n't bode well when I was eating my popcorn . It kept reminding me of a carousel with lots and lots of pretty colors . Like blue , yellow , green ... . Green ? Did I say green ? I was probably looking at my face in the mirror from me getting motion sickness.What I thought was rather interesting was how Hines cut corners financially -LRB- at least it seemed like it -RRB- by hiring the same people -LRB- extras -RRB- for each village scene . Maybe the people had twins and triplets ! OR the aliens made clones out of them ! Anyway , when I kept seeing the same people , I just could n't stop laughing because it was too obvious . I heard that it took Hines about 3 years to make this thing . Doing what ? And the acting ? Do n't get me started on that . I swear for a minute I thought I was watching a silent film because some of the facial features during the dramatic scenes were overdone ... burnt to a crisp . It almost makes me angry because my aspirations are to be an actress because I * know * I could have done better.The special effects ... did I say special ? I mean , EFFECTS . They were bad . But the effects did n't bother me all that much because there were so many worse things that I can think of.I loved the main character 's mustache though . When there were bombs exploding , his hair and clothes were all ragged and every part of his skin was all smudged and dirty , his mustache always stayed neat and groomed . And I swear the thing on his face grew in one scene and shrank in the others ... too weird.One part of the movie really stood out though . When the main character was trying to run from the aliens in the river , a bunch of villagers followed him . Of course that 's usually a good thing because the main character rarely dies in the middle of the movie . So you 'd think the villagers would be safe right ? WRONG ! When one of the aliens died , it fell into the river and the water turned boiling hot . Of course the villagers died because who in the world could suffer such a devastating experience ? Apparently the main character had something of a shield on because he popped out of the water like a beach ball all nice , pretty and healthy . That one did me in ! LOL !! : -RRB- I 'm not going to go on and on because I 'm sure you get the idea . I 'm really frustrated because I 'm seeing these positive reviews about this movie and it throws people off who have n't seen it yet -LRB- I guess this is why Amazon has these reviews for us to judge from our many different tastes -RRB- . Everyone has their different tastes and if it 's good for them , then I guess Hines did his job of pleasing at least someone.Ultimately be your own critic and judge for yourself . If you do n't want to buy , rent it before you make such a final decision . Who knows ? You may be one of the few -LRB- if there really * are * the few who actually likes this -RRB- who actually likes this piece of doggie doody .
 I got this at Walmart for $ 9.00 , which IMO is $ 9.00 too much . Simply put , this is one of the worst movies I have ever seen . . it easily surpasses howlers like `` Battlefield Earth '' . From CGI graphics inferior to an average PS2 game , 60 's era special effects , the awful cinematography , ludicrous acting , and excessive length , it is a complete waste of time and money . The other reviews critical of this `` film '' are dead on accurate , this movie stinks !!!!!
 Ernest ? Yes , I 'll give it that . Faithful to Wells 's novel ? Well , umm , yes -- but in decidedly wrong-headed , -LRB- and all too frequently -RRB- unintended comical ways . A film in which those involved can be proud ? Oh , sure ... but only if you 're operating on the same level of self-delusion as that late , great film _ enfant terribe _ of Le Bad Cinema , Ed Wood . So , friends , because of its ' famous literary lineage , you can count on this amateurish , frequently embarrassing , and half-baked direct-to-video production of one of the world 's truly great novels living on and on -LRB- gorge rising -RRB- , having immediately joined the exhalted ranks of the Worst Films of All Time . Another high example of that very low art form , it 's director a new Ed Wood for the digital age . Mr. Wells would be ever so proud ...
 I thought this movie was a put-on for the first few minutes , then I realized it was actually as bad as it seemed . I paid very little for it and it still cost too much . The acting is what you might expect from a fourth-grade class doing their first run-through of the school play . This is probably the worst movie I 've ever seen .
 Just one word to say about this film `` CRAP ''
 This was the worst video that I have seen . It looked like it was made on someones home computer with the most rudimentary software . It is very jerky . The scenes all look like they were made on a computer . The acting was terrible . All of the acting was over the top . Fake mustaches look very fake . Its only redeeming value is that it followed the book exactly . Might as well listen to the book on tape . I ca n't believe that this thing was even sent to the market .
 I 've been a Wells fan and specifically a `` War of the Worlds '' fan since I got a vinyl copy of the Bell High-Camp Adventure version of the story for my eighth birthday . Since then , I 've collected multiple versions of the story in book , audio and video formats . As bad as it is , from a film-making standpoint it 's only worth two stars , this version will hold a special place in my collection for one reason . It is the first attempt to try and make a true Victorian era version of the novel.Some parts of this film work rather well and should be noted . The opening of the film was well done using black and white archival footage and set the tone nicely . The scene where the narrator watches Mars with Ogilvy worked for me , also . I like how the dissertation of the first chapter was turned into a monologue by Oglivy and not voiced over by the narrator . It tended to flesh Ogilvy 's character out just a bit . Most think Jack Clay over-acted here , but I thought he was dead on . He played Ogilvy as a pompous academician , just how I would have imagined him . I also felt the animation of the plume of gas coming from Mars in that scene had an almost Melles-esque feel like something out of `` Le Voyage dans la Lune '' - a sort of cartoony , fantasy feel.I was pleased with the scene where the farmer tried to lock Ogilvy up in the shed . Granted , Wells only mentioned the incident in passing , but when you read the story , it conjured up a humorous scene that was fun to explore in a bit more depth.I thought that Anthony Piana did a good job in a very tough role . He may act for many years to come and not get another role as dificult as this . Most of the narrator 's references to himself in the novel are about what he was feeling or thinking while he was being made a refugee in his own land . Of course , he is not just a bystander , he interacts with many characters during his adventure and has some close scrapes with the martians , but on the whole , he is telling the story first person and internal motivations play an important part of the feel and pace of the story . Piana pulled the role off , but could have used a bit stronger direction in some scenes.John Kaufmann was also very good in his role as the curate . The scenes with him and Piana in the destroyed house were very effective . He should have a long career as a character actor in films and television.Now for some of the problems with the movie , which were mostly production-related . The special effects were very good in some places and absolutely bush-league in others . It was as if the crew looked at the first cut of the film and were afraid that there were n't enough effects . So , they went back and did proof-of-concept or storyboard animations for what they wanted to add , but did n't finish them and for whatever reason left them in . Compositing was over-used and poorly done . The coloring of this film was inconsistent and quite a distraction.This film was also too long . Not because there was n't enough of a story to make a three-hour movie , but because there was n't enough well produced footage in this adaptation to make a good three hour movie . It 's obvious that there was no real editing done on this film . Sadly , I could see enough good material to have made a very good 90-minute film here , by B-movie standards . -LRB- Perhaps a fan edit like the one removing Jar-Jar from `` The Phantom Menace '' is on the horizon ? -RRB- I have watched this movie once all the way through . I have n't worked up the desire to put it in my player and watch it again , whole or in part . But , I probably will watch it again after I watch the Spielberg and Asylum Studios versions when they come out later this summer . Until then Pendragon Pictures version of `` H.G. Wells ' The War of the Worlds '' will sit in it 's own very unique spot in my collection of all things WOTW .
 This film reminds me most of the old bad movie `` The Giant Claw '' . In that movie , when they were filming it , the actors tried to react to a horrifying monster that had n't been filmed yet and were embarrassed to see the premiere and the `` giant turkey '' monster that had been edited into the film.The dialogue in the movie describes things like the book that were n't realized onscreen . The floating Martians -LRB- had to stop the film til I stopped laughing -RRB- were described as being sluggish and unable to get out of the pit , as one example . Over and over , the film tried and FAILED MISERABLY to show things that should have been highlights.The design of the Martians and their machines were awful . The whirly gig heat ray was awful . The constant CGI usage for flames and other things that a real movie would have done LIVE was a perfect example for film schools of what NOT TO DO.DO NOT BUY THIS MOVIE
 If Ed Wood were alive today and had access to computer graphics , this would be the result . The cheaply made DESPISER , which was probably 90 % blue screen was more credible than this disaster . Maybe I 'm being unfair
 You can not call this absurd rubbish a film . It looks like the video has n't been edited but just copied direct from the master tape , the special effects are n't finished and it looks like a bad wedding video only with worse actors and fake face hair . This is n't a film , it 's an insult .
 For three tedious hours this bad home movie follows the book blindly and at excruciating length . It does n't do it remotely well , but if you really like Wells and can overlook everyone in this film not knowing what they 're doing , that might just be enough to get you through it . But then they run out of money , ignore the entire last third of the book and hurriedly add a tacked-on ending from near the end of the book -LRB- not even the proper end of the book -RRB- in the hope no-one will notice!A bad joke , this is even worse than The Island of Dr Moreau . This people have no business making this kind of excuse for a film , let alone selling it to unwary sci-fi fans . Avoid at all costs !!!
 Think of the worst movie you 've ever seen ... this one is worst . The good reviews I 'm seeing on this site must be there to sucker you into wasting your money ... I know I did . I 've definitely learned my lesson . Ignore the great packaging and visit www.imdb.com first before dropping cash on this scam . If I see the name Timothy Hines associated with any movie in the future , I will steer clear . Lousy effects , acting , editing , and music . There 's nothing good to be said about this movie . Avoid this movie !
 I like bad monster movies . When done honestly , cheese is humongous fun . Silly things like giant ants , cardboard sets , ludicrous science , with poor but sincere acting , it 's entertaining.I do n't know what there is for anyone to like here . This is one of the worst films I 've ever tried to watch . I put up with an hour before giving in -LRB- also at the point I discovered it 's three hours long -RRB- . Maybe it gets better , but I could n't take anymore . I wish I could give it negative five stars . Bad acting , bad effects , no continuity , and the most overuse of colored filters ever . If you want to see a scene in orange filter , followed by blue filter , followed by red filter , followed by green filter , this is your movie.A large meteor -LRB- a brown CGI egg thing , with shading but no shadows -RRB- crashes near an English village in the late 1800 's . it opens up , and giant head on tentacles comes out , looks around , goes back in and comes back with a `` heat ray '' that makes people do a little dance while painted over with CGI flames , and then turn into identical CGI skeletons . Later , two tripod-like CGI monsters start walking around . Well , when they 're not floating like they 're permanently-posed action figures.Backgrounds are obvious greenscreen , suitable for 1970s PBS kids shows . The movie is so cheaply done , they could n't even afford horses for the buckboard that three characters use at one point ; in long shots you see the suggestion of CGI horses , but they do n't look like they 're moving . Later , the same buckboard is blown up ; instead of flipping and crashing , it jumps like a board game pawn . Chimneys are blown off a house , to fall at peoples ' feet , all CGI rubble , which they stand in front of until it 's all fallen , without trying to run or avoid getting hit . It 's completely unrealistic . In the trailer , Big Ben is zapped , and the top half then floats over by itself to smack into a bridge . One actor plays two parts , wearing what looks like the same outfit , except one has the most horrible fake mustache I 've ever seen in a supposedly serious film . I did n't even know it was two different people until I looked it up on Wikipedia.Stay away from this film . Stay far far away . Throw holy water on any copy you encounter .
 Seriously folks . This movie is so awful it is unbelievable . It is so bad , I doubt that MST3K could do anything with it.It is pretty much loyal to the book . HOWEVER , the effects , the acting and the script come together to make the horribly LONG movie just awful . This movie could have been much shorter if the walking scenes were cut out.Some anoying nitpicks : Tennis Shoes on a period extra.The same extras -LRB- the same SCENE of extras -RRB- masked over and over again.Masked in people and horses walking in mid-air . Horrible special effects , in general.The same fire is masked onto things and objects in peculiar ways -LRB- you have to see it to understand what I mean -RRB- . Uniforms not period.Brake lights on a trolly.Deisel Engine on train.Modern day fence posts -LRB- metal -RRB- not wooden.Obvious use of green screens.And on , and on , and on.I have n't even been able to watch the entire thing . I have one more hour left and I spent most of the first two hours talking on the phone.I borrowed this DVD from a couple of friends who bought it to watch on a flight from England to US . After watching a few minutes of the movie , they preferred to look out the window.I was warned it was awful . Now I know the truth .
 I did see the big WOW this summer . I knew that this one was trying to get out . If you must have a version more like the book , then I guess that this is it . There is too much walking around , as other have said it seems that nearly every foot of digital film shot was used to get it up to the three hour running time . I would have preferred a more `` Classics Illustrated '' like version of this movie . I did not pay much for it , but I also probably wo n't watch it again . Just too long for the payoff . It seems more like a storyboard using human actors , instead of drawings . I did want it to get out , however .
 I just stumbled onto this movie -- and its reviews -- here at Amazon , when I was checking out another DVD of the same name -LRB- what a coincidence -RRB- . . !! After reading a number of both positive and negative reviews -- and paying special attention to the allegations of SPAMMING made by a number of 1-STAR reviewers -- I too am convinced that this movie is being dishonestly touted / hyped / endorsed / recommended / whatever by a group of folks who want to trick people into buying this -LRB- apparently horrible -RRB- version of WOTW.What a LAME thing to do ... Shame on you guys ... You really must be deperately pathetic to stoop so ... but HEY , guys like you do n't care about ethics -- so , why should I waste my time writing this paragraph , RIGHT . . !!! If anyone reading this has any thoughts of buying this DVD -- just sort the reviews from LOWEST TO HIGHEST , and read the low ones first . I think that 'll put you on the right track.As far as a remedy -- Amazon should at least post the number of reviews that that reviewer has posted along with each review -LRB- no biggy -RRB- . It might also be a good idea to require people to use their real names -- I know I use mine ... Again , just read the lowest reviews before you buy -- a good thing to do when buying any DVD .
 An interesting film , and I 'm glad I 've seen it ; if only for the hint at what Spielberg 's blockbuster might have been.The plus point of this film is it 's faithful adaptation of Wells ' novel , set in late Victorian England invaded by Martians in ballistic projectiles , wielding heat-rays from their tripod fighting machines . By no means invulnerable , they nevertheless easily overpower any military force sent against them until brought low by mankind 's unseen allies.Unfortunately , the down side is virtually everything else.At three hours plus , the film is simply too long and slow , the acting tends to the over-earnest and then there 's the special effects.This is where the low budget Hines had is most evident . The imagination behind the CGI fighting machines and Martians can not be faulted , however the execution leaves a lot to be desired
 To add to the already 640 + reviews on this lame film , I too was duped by the fact that this second-rate movie was preying upon people 's desire to see the new film by Spielberg . Without checking -LRB- as I usually do -RRB- I rented it and did n't even make it through the whole thing.The fact that there are movie-maker wannabes out there who throw together a similarly titled movie to a bigger ` blockbuster ' hit and release it at the same time -LRB- or before -RRB- is starting to really become annoying . They 're hoping to cash in on the success of something they could never be good enough to make.There should be some kind of special section in movie rental stores for this kind of rubbish . You know how they have an adult section with opaque cases to prevent anyone from accidentally becoming offended by mature content ? They should do the same for this kind of crap . Maybe change the color of the cards to a bright yellow or orange with a biohazard symbol . Something that indicates pain and suffering from wasting your time -LRB- and money -RRB- .
 No-one else could be so stupid to think this garbage is anything like a real movie , let alone a classic . It is funny that all the good reviews all say the same thing . You would think he would at least change the script instead of congratulating himself all the time ! But true , no-one else will after seeing this rubbish.No stars for this fakery !
 This is simply an awful movie . The only good point is that it 's true to the book . If you are in the mood for 1960 's British Sci-Fi effects then give it a go . Anyone else get Jeff Wayne 's CD rendition and use your imagination . If I could give it less then 1 star I would .
 Mere words can not describe the orgasmic joy that raced through me after watching Timothy Heinz 's semenal retelling of Mr. H.G. Well 's classic science fiction novel WARS OF THE WORLDS.I feel I simply must express my deepest , most sincerest gratitude to Mr. Heinz and his fine company for making this viewer 's life just a little more worth living with their wonderful motion picture event for the ages . That such unbridled excitement can be had for a mere $ 8.42 at Wal-Mart , that bastion of American ingenuity , FAIR employment practises -LRB- take THAT , Robert Greenwald ! -RRB- and good old wholesome Christian goodness , further cements Mr. Heinz 's reputation , at least in my eyes , as a man of vision , faith and enormous entrepreneurial resolve . I for one can not wait for the next release from Snapdragon Pictures.But on to the film itself.With a remarkable sense of realism and an masterful command of the cinematic language unheard of since the days of Cecily DeMille or W.D. Griffins or Charlie Chapman , Heinz deftly transports us back to a time and place that we can only imagine in our inferior minds - Pennsylvania , 1898 , where a cast of thousands in their Civil War-era finery are subjected to a terrifying invasion of gigantic mechadroidal spider monsters that lay waste to much of Pittsburgh , including Big Ben !! Sweet Christ on a feathery cloud this movie is fantastic ! And the acting , well , do n't get me started or Amazon might be forced remove my privileges for unauthorized use of praise ! -LRB- Ha Ha . Ha . -RRB- . Suffice it to say that Tony Piano is ideal as the Main Character , ably switching from a sort of lethargic trance-like condition -LRB- totally in keeping with the scepticism of his character -RRB- to super heroics that would make John-Claud Vandam hang up his numb-chucks within a single sequence ! Truly an acting legend has been born in this film . Mark my words , we 'll be hearing a lot more from Mr. Piano down the road . And let us not forget the lovely Jamie Lynn Cease as the ravishing Miss Elfinsteen . What I would n't give to put a tap on that and sell it to the world , if you know what I mean . Wait a minute , what DO you think I mean . How DARE you , you heathen sinners.I 've read that TIMOTHY WELLES ' WARS OF THE WORLDS cost OVER $ 175,000 TO MAKE ! That 's a lot of money , and I can assure you , every penny of it is up on the screen . The special effects in this film , despite the obviously planted naysayers here on Amazon , are some of the finest work I 've seen since TV 's Harry Thomason graced us with THE DAY IT CAME TO EARTH way , waaay back in 1979 -LRB- why I can remember seeing that one at the Starlight Drive In out on the one-oh-five -RRB- . Has n't been a decent special-effects driven film since then , I say . In fact , not since THE PASSIONS OF MR. JESUS or LEFT BEHIND II
 I hated the 2005 film with Tom Cruise
 My mom bought this movie for me for my birthday as well as the newest version with Tom Cruise . This version is so poorly done , we fast forwarded through the whole thing . It 's so bad it 's funny . To think someone could make this movie and expect people to actually enjoy it . Throughout the whole movie , it 's like they 're pussyfooting around to get to the good stuff -LRB- which there was none -RRB- . There were quite a few CG effects that looked like they were done by a child . Very dissapointed in it . Do yourself a favor and save your money and use it towards the version with Tom Cruise and Dakota Fanning . Seeing Dakota 's performance in it was worth the money alone . I saw it twice in theatre and enjoyed every bit of it . It had me talking for months
 What a disaster!CGI houses , CGI horses -LRB- could n't even rent a damn horse -RRB- , CGI boat and really , really bad CGI , like it was done in Home Depot 's home renovation softwware , UGH ... Acting was not used in this film , some sort of cross between the zombies in Dawn of the Dead and too much bad wine ... Was it faithful to the book , yes , but poor poor H.G. Wells , he must be very sad indeed.Don ' t let Harrihousan see this !!!!!!!!!! Is Tim Hines the reincarnation on Ed Wood ????? Is this Plan 9 From Outer Space ???? I waited a long time for this movie , knowing full well that it was not going to be on par with the Spiegel/Cruise Block Buster , I actually hoped it would be a bit campy but still competent . Wow was I wrong , this thing stunk !!!!!!!
 Pendragon Pictures , as some may recall , was making an adaptation of the Wells ' novel set in the 1890s , as Wells had written . It was inexpensive , I loved the novel in my youth , and so I went ahead and picked up it.I should n't have.It 's terrible.This film 's running time is three hours . I kid you not . The box said that , I did n't believe it , so I skipped ahead to the final chapter on the DVD , and sure enough , three hours.The film consists largely of seeing characters walk places . Narrator walks here . Narrator walks there . Narrator walks down a path . Narrator walks past a hedge . Narrator walks to a house . Narrator walks through the woods . Yes , that happens a lot in Wells ' novel , but do we need to see that , all the futzing time ? The filmmakers did n't make a film . They filmed a book . It 's almost as though they said , `` Wells had this on page 20 , so we have to have this in our film , '' even if there 's no reason to have it . The film spends five minutes showing hundreds of people being zapped with the Martian heat ray when the crowd has gathered on the common to inspect the cylinder . Five minutes . It 's as though the director said , `` We 've shown this extra looking into the pit , so now we have to see the person charred to a skeleton . '' This is not how you make a movie.I wo n't even go into the cinematography , the direction , the acting . Suffice to say , the filmmakers have no obvious talents in any of these areas . I 've seen Doctor Who fan films with better production values and better story sense.Three hours . A waste.I can only hope that when some cable network buys this for broadcast , they hack the hell out of it to fit it into a two-hour slot with commercials . The idea of making an authentic 1890s War of the Worlds is a good one . This film from Pendragon is n't it .
 Being a big science fiction film fan , I just had to see this version of War of the Worlds . I read the original book by H.G. Wells some years ago and the premise of this movie being faithful to the book was promising enough for me to buy this DVD.The movie is a disappointment but had its moments in a somewhat goofy way.Good Points :1 . The story is fairly close to the book , more so than the 1953 George Pal movie which is one of my all time favorites .2 . I liked the music .3 . The martians and their vehicles looked very good and darn close to the descriptions written in the book .4 . I laughed at one of the scenes where a person gets squashed by the machine.Bad Points :1 . The movie was too long . I echo the sentiment of the observations of people just walking around from place to place .2 . While the music was good , it was used quite overwhelmingly throughout the picture .3 . The CGI for anything other than the martian vehicles were bad , bad , bad . Particularly the naval battle scenes off the coast of England . Those warships looked like first generation color games that I played on my Macintosh IIsi in 1992.4 . If anyone is going to show this film on TV , it will probably be PBS or some arts cable channel.These are my main observations after viewing this film last night . Buyer beware .
 I love `` The War of the Worlds '' . I have multiple copies of the book on my shelf . Books with critical analysis . Books on tape . Books on CD . George Pal 's interpretation on VHS . Orson Welles interpretation on CD . I have it on my PDA . I 've read the novel at least 3 times just this year.So , when I heard that someone was finally doing a period version set in turn of the Century england , I waited.I 'm still waiting . This is absolutely the most inept piece of filmmaking I 've ever seen . `` Catman '' , `` Manos the Hands of Fate '' , `` Plan 9 From Outer Space '' , `` Battlefield Earth '' , heck , even the sci-fi channel 's `` Mansquito '' is better than this piece of filth . The acting is bad . The effects are unfinished . The direction is amateur . The editing is almost non-existant . The cinematography is cut rate . I can find nothing good to say about this film . Heck , even the CD case had an odd smell to it when it arrived in the mail.If we could harness the energy of H.G.Wells spinning in his grave we could make a better film than this . With a few thousand dollars , a big box of Lego and a digital camera * I * could make a better film than this . Do n't waste your money on this . If I had pirated this film off the Internet I would feel I wasted my bandwidth and disk space .
 I like movies . I enjoy movies . This is the ONLY movie I have n't watched all the way through . Less than 10 minutes in to this movie and I was BORED.The effects are shoddy and laughably bad -LRB- I could do better in less than 10 minutes -RRB- . The acting is tedious.The script is weak.The attempt at English accents ... well , do n't even get me started.Basically this movie was a complete waste of time and money , both to make and to watch.There 's no excuse for a movie this bad.Pendragon should stop right now .
 Like other reviewers I have always enjoyed HG Wells ' War of the Worlds and was looking forward to seeing an adaptation set in the early 1900s when Wells ' story is set . However , the acting in this film is dreadful . The characters are 1 dimensional and simply do n't interact . In fact wooden is the only term that comes to mind . I could forgive the awful CGI effects but when combined with a poorly directed , edited and acted film the end result is barely watchable.The reason I have given it two stars is because it is faithful to the book and therefore Wells ' story telling manages to come through-just . A hefty re-edit and deletion of some of the worse CGI effects might improve the film , for example , let us imagine the Martians feeding.If you love the book the film might be worth watching but I would n't rush to buy it .
 Before plunging into this review , let me state clearly that I realize the budget for this film had to have been infinitesimally small . Budget constraints aside , this `` faithful '' adaptation of WAR OF THE WORLDS is a horrific shambles ! Let 's take it point by point . 1 - The acting is unbelievably bad , like watching a 3 hour , non-hilarious version of PLAN 9 FROM OUTER SPACE ! 2 - The special effects are worse than most CGI films from the SYFY channel ! Even those godawful ANACONDA / COBRA / KOMODO abominations ! 3 - The 3 hour length is unendurable ! This thing could have easily been trimmed by 2 hours without losing any `` tension '' . 4 - The overall presentation is catastrophically boring , making me feel as though my soul had gone to some sort of deadening , numbing hell ! I can appreciate the sentiment behind this film , but can not escape the fact that I would rather be water-boarded while having all of my molars yanked out , than to sit through this landfill candidate again ! ... P.S. - Here 's how this `` film '' might be made -LRB- nearly -RRB- watchable
 This movie will give `` Plan Nine from Outer Space '' a run for worst movie ever made . There is truly nothing redeeming about this . Please , take my word for it . I know how it feels to want something new from this great story , but this is NOT it.I would give you specifics but the fact is I would have to recount the entire movie . The acting is terrible , the cinematography would not pass a college course , and the interpretation of the original material is by far the worst.It took WEEKS for me to get through the whole film . I literally had to stop over and over because I just could n't take it ! When I eventually did finish I put the CD away and swore I would never inflict such pain on myself again . If I could give this no stars , I would .
 This is very poorly done in terms of the graphics but very accurate to the book . the main problem is that every thing is CG and CG sucks in this film.It is worse than before computer anamation times like in the 50s . not evan fire can be real , or crowds , or horse and carts , or a boat at sea , and most of the shots that are not cartoon are people obvousily making pretend scared faces when the clanc-clanc of the tripods is heard . They could have at least thrown rubber-made skeletons down on the grownd so it would look like it is in the picture with every thing.overall it was accurate to the book -LRB- and that is what counts , right ? -RRB- .
 You 're probably an H.G. Wells fan.You 're probably appreciative of independent , low-budget cinema , and unfazed by poor special effects . You can see past the gloss , and artistry brings more value to a film than millions of dollars of slick production value.On the flip side , you might even fetch some amusement from occasional bad movies.Having read the bipolar reviews for this film , you 're probably thinking that you ca n't lose . If it 's good , everyone wins . If it 's bad , at least it should be fun to watch . But read the reviews carefully . You might think you can take this movie on , but it 's out of your league . This movie has left a trail of dead optimistic movie buffs in its wake . Like the rest , it will crush you and dance on your grave.I was one of those left-for-dead optimistic movie buffs . I love movies , with my tastes ranging from Harmony Korine to Ed Wood . I regarded this faithful version of `` War of the Worlds '' as a worthy gamble , capable of a great payoff , and invited over two other optimistic movie buffs to share the risk . We even had a few drinks , to temper our expectations.This is one of those bad movies that makes you feel miserable , that makes you feel like a sucker , that makes you regret not stopping it sooner . This movie basically torments your soul for its entire three-hour runtime . When we watched it that night , it held up for thirty minutes , max . At one hour , I was embarrassed . At two , I was wishing I was dead . During the final scenes , three-hour later , I was wishing I had never been born.To paraphrase `` The Simpsons ''
 Simply put , this film is an abomination to the film industry and editing in particular . Interminably long and SLOW , nobody in my family could watch it in its entirety . I could only watch the first 40 minutes or so of this 3-hour tour , at which point the Martians had just recently made their first appearance . I grant the beginning is less action packed , but even the `` action sequences '' I saw were so poorly edited , any sense of drama or tension was sucked right out of them . I know some may criticize this review since I did not see the whole movie , but it does n't really matter how great the end of a movie is if you ca n't make it through the beginning or middle . My father did make it through the movie by fast-forwarding sections , and I did catch many later sections , none of which improved my overall impression of the film.The special effects are not horrible , but nothing to write home about . Several exploding buildings were quite well done in fact . It was very obvious where blue screen and rotoscoping effects were used , as the actors often looked awkwardly pasted into their environments . Despite being largely computer generated , it has a sort of stop-motion animation feel to most effects -LRB- which I did n't particularly mind -RRB- . Indeed the entire movie has a kind of jilted feel and stuttering to the movement of even the live action characters -LRB- this old-time newsreel effect you maybe read about -RRB- . However , it seems almost like they filmed at a lower frame rate to save film . I understand they had been going for some `` look '' , but the only look they accomplished is `` cheap '' . The acting was , in a word , bad . Devoid of any genuine emotion , every character was a caricature . It may not be entirely the fault of the actors ; perhaps the director was trying to make all performances equal so the few REALLY bad actors in the show would n't stand out so much . Your average community theater production has more talent than is demonstrated here.There were also many silly small continuity -LRB- and common sense -RRB- issues . For example , a special effects burning tree would fall right in front of the actor , and he kept running straight . A building would shower debris literally a few feet from the characters and they just kinda stood there . These , believe it or not , actually helped the film , since they were fun to point out.All these faults could have been overlooked quite readily if the editing was even approaching decent . Whoever edited this needs to get a new job or take some classes . Literally 3 minutes of a guy running through various fields is more than any sane movie watcher should be expected to enjoy . This is what ruined the movie . It could have been decent , or fun , or interesting , or maybe even good if the simplest of editing principles were employed.I realize , as one reviewer states , that it 's `` only a movie '' , but I expect movies to be entertaining . Neither my family nor I were in any way entertained watching this . I realize they were trying to be true to the book -LRB- which I have indeed read -RRB- , but movies are not books and need to be edited as such . Bad acting and effects do n't make a film unwatchable . In fact , it has made many films a cult hit . I do n't need great effects or big budget actors to enjoy a film . And this might have been an enjoyable film , despite its faults , if the editing did n't make it paramount to torture to endure it .
 This is the stinker di tutti stinkeri ! The CGI is DOA on this one . How could they have the nerve to release it ? OK the acting is better than the Tom Cruise version , but that 's like saying gonnorhea is better than herpes . Three hours of amateur film , and is there actually an editor here ? The video game quality FX is not laughable , its tear jerkable . If you want to challenge yourself , if you want to see how much stinko film you can tolerate , by all means buy this GARBAGE ! Otherwise , get the Gene Barry version , watch the George Pal effects , and consider yourself lucky .
 Having seen this film I ca n't believe the number of 5 star reviews posted for it . Because this really is the worst film I 've ever seen . It basically looks like a home made film . Now I 'm no big fan of Hollywood and I like to see small independent film companies having a go , but you have to have some talent and this just does n't display any . The acting is atrocious . When they 're not over-acting they talk in silly voices , rendering the film almost pythonic , and the lead actor with his false moustache looks like he might morph into John Cleese at any moment . If this sounds like it maybe unintentionally funny , well it is occasionally , but there 's three hours of it ! And most of those three hours consist of the falsely mustachioed man running through woods . I 'm not joking . I never thought I would ever spend so long watching someone run through woods.As for the effects they are mostly pretty bad and occasionally pathetic , particularly the Thunderchild scene , which basically looks unfinished.I was honestly looking forward to seeing this and tried hard to find something redeeming in it . I failed.I was bewildered by the wildly conflicting reviews posted here , but now I 've seen this film myself I agree totally with every reviewer who gave it one star . The five star reviews beggar belief .
 Not a bad adaptation to the book but let down by its seriously bad acting and extreamly low budget effects .
 This is about as far as you can get from Steven Spielberg 's War of the Worlds . Spielberg 's version moves very quickly with gorgeous special effects but basically throws away the book except for the beginning and ending narration and the tripod machines destroying everything.This version tells the story in the book , but really lacks in the special effects department , and that 's putting it charitably.I wo n't repeat what others have said , but I think this was a basically good idea that did n't go far enough . They began with old silent footage to introduce the story and then went into a `` talkie '' movie with all kinds of tones to make it look old . A lot of footage went by while actors showed various emotional expressions on their faces without saying anything , just like the old silent films.So , why did n't they just make a silent film ? They could have used modern technology to create a faux silent movie of the War of the Worlds in black and white , looking like it had been created in the 1910 's to depict something that had recently happened.They still would have to bump the effects up a notch . For example , rather than creating bad computer game animation of an ironclad on the water , go buy a model of an ironclad , put it out on a lake , and blow it up . That would have been better.The upside of this movie is that it could probably be edited to half it 's length without losing much in the way of plot progression , and then it can serve as an episode of a `` Mystery Science Theater 3000 '' type of show sometime later this century .
 This is in no way a faithful adaptation . Forget bad period detail or the fake use of American locations and bad American actors , the real villain is the script . It skips much of what is great about the novel , such as Dead London , and leaves all the trivia . It 's as if the writer read the book but could n't understand it at all and kept in all the wrong things . The result is a complete travesty of the book . Even the few good moments in the script , like the encounter with the Artilleryman , are over-edited down . The fact that the actor in the part has no idea what an English accent sounds like just turns the scene into comedy.Wells would hate it and so will you .
 I loved the War of the Worlds book , and I 'm looking forward to the upcoming films , the Paramount and Asylum -LRB- which is straight to DVD , but the trailers look OK -RRB- versions.I was really looking forward to Pendragon version since its the only adaptation to be based around the time of the HG Wells book.This is the worst film I 've ever seen . The acting is dire - i.e. , the first time the heat ray is used and kill the on lookers around the pit . It takes them minutes to die , they are waving their arms around - it is quite a sad.The CGI very really poor . As other people have said the Thunderchild scenes are horrendous . . CGI is overly used - even when the narrator is knocking on a door prior to his and wife 's journey to Leatherhead . Even the horse that pulls the carriage is CGI!Additionally the frame rate leaves a lot to be desired , at times it is quite jerky.However , the music is good , albeit a little repetitive.I shall never watch this film again , and will take a permanent fixtures amongst my other War of the Worlds DVDs.Quite simply , it has to be watched to be believed -LRB- just how bad it is -RRB- .
 This `` movie ' is terrible.Before you spend any money on this abomination go to the official Pendragonpictures website and take a look for yourself at some stills from the movie . If you 're still not convinced follow the link to the `` StuffoHowStuffWorks '' site to see the offical trailer . Yes - Pendragon 's site is so cheap they ca n't even afford to host a preview for their own movie ! Use the link entitled `` CLICK HERE for all trailers '' as the link they 've set up to take you to the `` Full Theatrical Trailer '' does n't even work -LRB- both Pendragon and Stuffo messed this one up -RRB- . Watch the `` final '' theatrical trailer , theatrical trailer , `` Message from the Cast '' and teaser trailer . If watching these do n't convince you how awful this thing really is then you must be as out-of-touch with reality as the people who made it.Thanks for letting the fans down , Timbo.It 's an authentic period piece of garbage .
 I also found the DVD at Wal-Mart for < $ 9 USD prior to its scheduled release . Note `` the DVD '' rather than `` my DVD '' as it wo n't be kept long . On the disk itself is the phrase `` Guaranteed Superior Quality . '' Not so . Perfect fodder for the late Mystery Science Theater 3000 . The CGI is at best early to mid 1980s . See the execrable Thunderchild sequence and the Martian exsanguination of a rather crudely constructed cow -LRB- mooing sounds were added apparently so you 'd know what you 're looking at . -RRB- Rather do n't see them.Thespians
 This has got to be the worst Movie ever put on DVD and touted to be a classic . Even the early 70 's verson of the show -LRB- which I found rather enjoyable -RRB- , stomped on this one , like the alien creatures did on the lady in the town , in this movie . It is so bad , that the crew of people that were watching it with me , started laughing our heads off , just due to the sheer stupidity that is portayed by the actors , production staff , director and editor of this film.I feel the $ 8.00 I paied for this at WalMart was wasted . But I bought it due to the review I initially saw on Amazon . The first copy I bought was floating around in the case and was all scratched up . I took it back and enchanged it for a new one . But to find one that was n't floating in it 's case , I had to check , 10 cases and the last one on the rack , was the only one held firmly in it 's case . After opening the case , I now understand why . I have never seen a case made so cheaply as this one was.Most of the movie is spent by watching actors walk , run , stride , strut or ride around on game trails , dirt roads or through fields . If you cut all the walking out , this movie would only be about 20 minutes long . Thank heavens for Fast Forward . All the CGI was like an old computer game out of the early 80 's . The integration between CGI buildings and the real buildings portrayed , was absurd . This gets a negative 5 star rating in any book for anyone that chooses to waste their money on it.The only reason we continued to watch it , was to see just how bad it could get . The horses running in the back ground , did n't move at the pace they were supose to be moving and were `` slipping '' their way across the screen , as did all people portrayed in the back ground.The sheer lack of skill and lack of basic physics , is to laugh at . The heat ray burned the clothes and skin off the people in a few seconds on some and 5 mintues on others and other it just blew apart . But the most laughable thing had to do with the skeletons left behind after all the skin , muscle , tendons and tissue was gone . They continued to thrive in pain and agony , even though there was no flesh on them . Like out of the Sinbad saga , where he was fighting with swords.Anybody willing to actually purchase this movie , should buy a keg of beer and get totally drunk and then just throw away the DVD before they watch it . Cause that is the only way to enjoy it . Maybe run it over with the Lawn mower . It is totally bad and the Movie industry should issue a recall with double our money back , for the sheer lunacy associated with the purported sale of this travisty of great literature !
 To Michael Franco who wrote `` IF IT WAS MADE IN THE FIFTIES IT WOULD HAVE BEEN A MASTERPIECE '' , that is definetely not true . In fact I suggest you watch the 1952 movie , which has much more believable special effects than this movie has . The '50s movie is still watchable today and stands miles from this garbage .
 ALL I WILL SAY ABOUT THIS MOVIE IS ; IF IT WAS MADE IN THE FIFTIES IT WOULD HAVE BEEN A MASTERPIECE . THE PROBLEM , IT 'S 2005 -- I WILL ADD TO MY ORIGINAL REVIEW -- ANOTHER REVIEW SAID I WAS WRONG THAT THE 1953 VERSION STILL STANDS UP -- I AGREE 100 % -- SO I WILL SAY IF THIS MOVIE WAS MADE IN THE THIRTIES NOT THE FIFTIES IT WOULD BE A MASTERPIECE ...
 Like soooo many other good folks on this site , I thought I was going to be seeing the new version of War of the Worlds with The Man - Tom Cruise . Ok , ok , I admit , maybe I should 've looked more closely at Speilberg 's dvd release date and realized that it 's not for another month ; I actually rented this from Blockbuster since they had placed it in their `` new releases '' category . Boy was I in for a ride from movie hell.This movie was possibly ... no , was most defintely the worst thing I have ever had to endure . My 8th grade Hillel Day School version of Fiddler on the Roof was more exciting to watch ... and it 's on VHS from 1991 sans special effects ! I was actually squirming on my couch in pain from watching this and only sat through the entirety to punish myself before Yom Kippur - Jewish Day of Atonement . Well , that was my venting about seeing this garbage .
 Director/writer/bad videographer Timothy Hines obviously has a large family - a lot of sisters and aunts is my guess . They 're the ones swamping this board with five-star reviews comparing this worthless trash to some great work of art that should be hanging in a museum . Three hours of inept home movie boredom , do n't let anyone con you into thinking this is ` experimental ' or a tribute to silent movies or a great epic . It 's like something the Simpsons might make if they borrowed Ned Flanders video camera and kept on filming after the batteries went low . A total waste of money , it 's not even a real film .
 First , this is shot on video , poorly . The attempt has been made to make this look like a `` movie '' by adding post color correction which only makes it appear as video run through a sepia filter . The locations , which are NOT in England or anywhere on the British Isles , are repeated and inappropriate to the story.Second , the camera work is so poor that one is never certain what is supposed to be framed in the shot . Do n't misunderstand , if a person is speaking , they are on the screen , but in strange places on the screen with far too much or too little headroom . In other words , someone who has never shot a film before shot this ... The writing is atrocious , and seems to have been accomplished by utilizing not only dialogue from the book , but incorporating descriptive elements and inner thoughts as dialogue . In addition , the words and actions are performed by a cast of amateurs so bad that it seems as though they were cast from children 's theatre , or perhaps some repertory melodrama group . I actually would not doubt either assertion.It seems as though the visual effects work was done with some small models , but mostly Lightwave -LRB- which CAN be utilized for professional looking work , but not here -RRB- and poorly composited . The results draw so much attention to themselves as being bad that it makes one laugh at those -LRB- obviously fake -RRB- reviews here and elsewhere complaining about Spielberg 's version being a `` CGI fest '' . In addition , there are some obvious post effects , such as flash frames , etc. apparently utilized to add `` explosions '' and the like.The worst sins are that they have made a brilliant and entertaining novel into an incomprehensible and boring mess . This is sub-amateur level movie-making , and should be passed over despite the `` controversy '' being generated by those involved in the making and marketing of it .
 `` Try it , you might like it '' are the most dangerous words in the English language . If you 're not carefully they can leave you with a ruptured sphincter or with your tongue frozen to a flagpole on Christmas Eve . Sure , I tried stuff for that reason when I was younger and dumber , but after a while I sussed out that you do n't need to stick your hand in a fire or tie lead weights to your nuts to know you 're not going to like it . Same with junk like this . A friend had a copy and after half an hour I knew it was never going to get any better , but we figured we 'd give it till he Martians appeared . Well , he stuck his finger on fast forward and it still took half an hour for the joke shop aliens to appear ! After a few seconds of that , he gave up and put his copy up for sale on ebay . There was no way this was getting better . It was actually getting worse!The moral to this story is that if something looks as bad as this is , if as many people as on this site tell you its pure pain , and if its made by people no-one has ever heard of , you do n't need to see it to know it 's crap . Save your money - even the 1950 version was better than this !
 And not even that funny with it . Yes there are a few laughs at the bad accents , the fake moustache , the clumsy American locations , the Donkey Kong fx or the fact that the whole thing was sot in a field with ten people . But at three hours - three long long long hours - there just are n't enough laughs to make it worthwhile .
 Even if there was n't a big budget Spielberg Cruise film coming out , this would still be a total ripoff . It 's so bad even Channel 5 would n't show it at four in the morning . One reviewer said it looked like it had been shot by a chimp , but he 's being too generous . A chimp throwing faeces at the camera would be a better filmmaker than these am-dram-hams . It would do a better job of keeping the camera still as well . Everything about this home video is substandard bad . Do n't believe the good reviews this is getting here
 This has to be one of the stupidest films ever made . It 's so stupid it 's not even funny . Everything about it just beyond bad . Save your money .
 If given the choice between watching this mess of a movie or being sucked dry by the Martians , guess which one I 'd prefer.Horrible actingTerrible directingAnnoying musicAwful special effectsContinuity problems galoreFake moustache!Endless shots of one or two characters walking/running through the countrysideEndless expression shots of actors who ca n't expressDid I mention the fake moustache ?
 Having read `` The War of the Worlds '' in Junior High , it has been a part of my life since I was young . I was incredibly excitied to hear that two versions were being made for 2005
 What can I say ? I 'm a big fan of HG Wells ' War of the Worlds story and was glad to see the original 1989 setting rendered to film . They stuck really close to the original story and that was refreshing.On the other hand , it was disapointing that the editors seemed to have such a love for everything they shot that it seemed like they couldnt bring themselves to edit anything out . The movie dragged by . And I mean this is a slow moving film . They could have edited out so much extra stuff out that the film would have been an hour and a half rather than 3 hours . The film is chock full of long slow scenes that do nothing to further the plot but rather make the film rather boring I 'm sorry to say.Special effects . Lets talk about the special effects.The alien and the mechanical tripods were pretty cool but the other effects -LRB- like riding on a horse and buggy and the scenes with the warships on the water -LRB- OMG !! -RRB- were Sooooo bad I thought I was watching a film made in the 60 's rather than a film made in 2005 ! When you see the boats you 'll see what I mean ! They looked like toy models being dragged sideways accross a swiming pool set with land painted on sheets in the background . And the heat ray ? They seemed to enjoy superemposing scenes of fire over scenes of people and then instructing the actors to writhe in pain . It was that bad . I thought that even basic special effects had come a long way from the `` Dr. Who '' effects this film seems to use over and over again . It was pretty funny in a sad way.OK , so to summ up , the plot was there and the aliens and tripods were true to the story . But the movie dragged on far far too long - about half of it could have been cut out without damaging the plot . As for the special effects , they might have wanted to hire someone with modern effects skills and maybe the film would be salvagable . If you are an MST3k fan , you will probably enjoy this . Unfortunatly the long boring parts and the really bad special effects turned this great story into a disapointment to watch .
 This movie is the worst and most boring piece of crap I have ever watched . Ok I did not watch it all because it is so bad.Did Timbo take too much Exlax and this film is the result?I understand Timbo now claims he is going to re-release a shorter version . I suspect Timbo will have to sell his new `` improved '' version out of the trunk of his car . -LRB- That is if he can even afford a car -RRB- . Once the interest in War of the Worlds generated by the release of the Spielberg version dies down , no distributor will touch any `` improved '' Hines ' piece of crap with a 10 foot pole ...
 I 'm going to be honest with you . I went out for a night on the town and ended up drinking too much . Last thing I remember , I was singing a karoake version of Kenny Roger 's megahit `` lady '' in the basement of a local freemason . That 's the last thing I remember . When I awoke in the morning , I was aghast to find myself nude and painted blue , with a Llama eating grass in my backyard . Even worse , I had this movie superglued to my right bicep . I decided to watch it . mistake!Let me point out that I am not a filmaker . I know it is very easy to criticise what other people have created , but much more difficult to actually create something . I do not know anything about how to write a movie script , or what a gaffer does , or any of that . All I know is what I like to watch . One thing I do not like watching is a man with a mustache that can only be described as `` retarded '' running , walking , and biking all over a fake british countryside . But friends , that is what you get . You could take half the footage from this `` film '' and make a documentary on how to use your feet and legs for locomotion purposes . The rest of the movie could then be spliced together and shown to people you do n't like for revenge purposes.Holy balls . What can I say that has n't been said before by the other unfortunates who have witnessed this movie ? I used to judge movies based on a simple schematic . A good movie is one that is near the brilliance of such films as Citizen Kane , Seven Samurai , and Dolemite . A bad movie is one that would rank somwhere in the vicinity of House of the Dead . Guess what ? House of the Dead is better than this movie . we have a new bottom of the barrel DVD ! On a scale of one through ten , ten being the highest , and one being the lowest , this movie gets an F - . On the upside , I did throw up while watching this , which made my hangover abate somewhat . Also , I did watch the whole thing , and seeing as this movie is about thirteen hours long , my hangover had actually gone away by the time it was over -LRB- I am the kind of guy who looks for a silver lining -RRB- . In summation , I must advise that every single person on earth not watch this movie . Do n't watch it to make fun of it . Do n't watch it to see skeletons on fire that magically thrash around even though their muscles are absent . Do n't watch it to see the sweet acting during the Thunderchild sequence . And most of all , do n't watch it just because it 's glued to your bicep . This is n't Russia , so people have rights , and that includes the right to not watch movies like this.Man , this makes Gigli look good .
 I tried , I really tried ... I really WANTED to like this film . I am a total fan of Wells , and of this particular book . I was excited to hear that someone had taken on the challenge of making a faithfull movie adaptation set prior to the turn of the century as in the book . However , the effects were soooo bad . The acting was soooo bad . The music was soooo bad . The editing was soooo bad . Unfortunately , all of the above were soooo bad that I was totally distracted from being able to enjoy anything about this film . And here , I 'll be absolutely honest ... it was all so bad that I could n't watch the whole thing . I had to turn it off . It was too much to bear . Do n't get me wrong . I was n't expecting top-notch effects or big name actors . -LRB- Actually , Tom Cruise in the upcoming Spielberg film is a total turn-off to me -RRB- . But it was so terribly bad even when I had low expectations that it was a total dissapointment . How can garbage like this get released ? Well , of course , only on DVD . The plans for a theatrical release were dumped . The only thing good about this version was that the storyline was almost totally faithful to Well 's book . I just wish Hines had more respect for the author than to make this dreck . Do n't waste your time , unless you want to just have a good laugh at Well 's expense . I just recently watched `` The Invasion Of The Body Snatchers '' ... both versions , and I have to say , the 50 's version was at a par 10 times above what this movie was . A total dissapointment . Sad .
 The idea here is nice by trying to follow the book as closely as possible , however the execution is abysmal . I can picture it now - The movie producers -LRB- If they can be derserving of that title -RRB- have contacted a stoned and sleepless internet junkie to create the special effects on his apple mac computer , and then he has invited a few members of his family and neighbors to pop round , get them drunk and ask them to act ridiculously badly in front of a blue screen . There you have the background to the making of this picture.Am i being too harsh ? well suffice to say that about 20 mins into this film I was starting to wish for real aliens to come down and zap me out of my misery ! The speech pauses between lines were intolerable , the acting was unconvincing from pretty much everybody and they all seem to keep repeating what each other say 4 or 5 times in case we did n't catch everything the first three times ! Maybe the film could have been 90 mins instead of 180 if we were n't so deaf and stupid !! The first time I saw the aliens i thought i was watching an episode of ` The Flumps ' on children 's tv . The fact that people pretended to look terrified at these cuties with tenticles left me in utter hysterics . It 's interesting how a human can be burnt down to their bones and still find time to roll around on the floor screaming and waving arms when they have no voice box , muscles , ligaments or any kind of general organs left !!?? To sum up - 1 . If you want to know the story read the book . 2 . If you want great visual effects and a far higher standard of acting see spielberg 's offering -LRB- but it has a weak story ! -RRB- 3 . If you want a compromise between the above 2 then watch the 1953 edition.Apologies to the reviewers who gave this 5 stars but ... come on guys ... This is PANTS ! In fact it 's worse than pants !! It 's an old man 's Y fronts that have been worn for 3 weeks , turned inside out , worn for another 3 and then stuffed under the bed to gather spores for the next 10 years !!!
 -LSB- ... -RSB- If you like Mystery Science Theater-style mocking of films , you 'll love this one ! If you like enjoying a good film , avoid this one like the plague.Sure , it 's a faithful adaptation of HG 's book . A noble cause , but it looks like it was put together by my High-School Thespian Troop . Aside from basic directing gaffes -LRB- time of day changing in the middle of scenes , music chopping off abruptly between cuts , bad jump cuts , bad matches on action -RRB- , here are a couple of major points of awfulness , some of which have been posted already : The main actor plays two characters
 This may sound harsh , but I ca n't help it . You want the Martians to win , except for the fact that they are too cheesy looking . In fairness , this production did n't have a 1/100th of what Speilberg had to spend and probably 1/10th of the 1950 's budget . I ca n't blame the movie 's poor visual effects -LRB- no money -RRB- and they were somewhat creative in the war machine design and limited cgi . Very gutsy to make it a period piece -LRB- the reason I got this DVD . However , when people burn and all of the flesh is gone , the skeletons should not continue to move in a drawn out-overacted death sequences -LRB- hint
 I was very keen to see this version of the film as I hold the original novel in high regard and wanted to see the story told in it 's original chronological setting . My dissatisfaction was immense to say the least and I seriously regret having wasted my money on the DVD.To sum up the areas where this production falls short : CGI
 What on earth were they thinking by releasing this?The actors can not act and the special effects look like they were done in MSpaint.I can not believe that I sat through 3 hours of total dross . This movie would fall in the B class of B class movies.H.G.Wells would be disgusted with what they have done to his great novelTimothy Hines should not be allowed behind a camera again , if he thought this was a masterpiece , well IT WAS untill he made his version .
 Right , ive just watched pendragon pictures war of the worlds and ... well ... erm ... oh dear !!!!! This has got to be the biggest pile of steaming bull poo i have ever waisted 3 hours of my life watching , its so bad you start to laugh as things get progressevly worse . If i could give it no stars i would have.The CGI is really bad , its like something thats been knocked up on a zx-spectrum , the acting ... oh dear , i work offshore and i expect to see these guys working on oilrigs within the next few months cos no one will ever employ them as actors again.If you want this movie then do yourself a favour and wait a few months and pick it up on ebay for $ 0.10 , and even then youll be getting ripped off.Tim Hines is a twonk , and hes just crucified a great book and a great story with his playing at being a movie man , do everyone a favour tim and go flush your head down a toilet you bloody trumpet !!! DO NOT BUY THIS AWFUL CRUD !!!
 I wanted to see this movie so badly because the story takes place around the turn of the century just as in the book . I was so eager to see this movie and to like it but I 'm sorry to say that this is by far one of the worse movies ever made . This version of War of the Worlds gives new meaning to the term `` B '' movie.The special effects in this movie are so sub-par as to be called laughable . A large part of this movie is shot in front of a green screens with poorly executed CGI backgrounds . None of the effects are `` live '' ... even the most simple effect is bad CGI . The movie is also horribly edited with choppy scene changes . The director must have hired family and friends to act in this movie because the acting is terrible and amateurish at best . There is very little that is good about this movie.I will say that the music is very good and fitting and the design of the alien ships is also very good but at 3 hours long NOTHING could save this movie . Save your money and avoid this disaster movie ... or should I say `` A disaster of a movie '' ?
 This movie was truly a piece of crap . My wife picked it up at Sam 's Club for about eight bucks , so not much money lost . The acting is crap , the special effects are crap , it 's overly long ... It 's just crap . I could n't finish it the first day , seen the other half the second day . However , we 'll probably keep the movie since the kids -LRB- 3 , 8 and 10 Y.O. -RRB- laughed like crazy !
 I hang my head in shame . I believed the hype , I believed the bogus 5 star reviews on amazon , and I believed Timbo when he said this would be the best WOTW film ever made ! I do n't think I will believe anything ever again!Mere words can not convey how truely horrible this film is . If I were able to convey how bad this film is in a sound it would probably be the death rattle of a man suffering from terminal flatulence.Everything about this film is bad . The acting is amongst the worst I have ever seen . Throughout the film the cast look completely bemused , perhaps , seeing how bad the film is they were waiting for their pay cheque to chear before doing any `` acting '' , by the looks of things those cheques never cleared ! The `` special '' effects would n't have looked out of place in Tron , and even then they would have looked dated . I remember seeing the trailer and gasping in horror as a really bad looking CGI Big Ben was blown up . I comforted myself thinking that it was probably just raw FX footage . It was n't , Timbo actually included it in the film . And the editing is breathtakingly poor , I do n't think it was edited at all , throughout the film we are treated to the lead walking . Thats right , whenever he needs to go somewhere we see the whole journey , this film is basically Anthony Piana walking from A to B.Finally , do n't be suckered by the 5 star reviews , chances are they were written by a T Hines , no , thats too obvious , lets call him Timothy H . This film is garbage , and Mr Hines , I do n't know how you had the nerve to release it .
 I 'm a filmmaker who has worked on many projects and this movie is CRAP . All the 5 star reviews are from people who worked on the film or paid plants . Because even at only $ 8 at Walmart I still felt ripped off . The only reason I did n't take it back was because when I show it to other people they go CRAZY at how bad it is . The Reverend Steve at the Church of ED WOOD was quaking in his boots when he heard about this Movie , a new LOW in Cinema . I 've shot 16mm features for a few grand that looked better than this DTV production . So based on my 25 years of working the very low end of the business this IS ONE OF THE WORST I seen . Why ? Because they reach so high but miss the mark in all but one or two -LRB- If that -RRB- scenes . About 10 minutes of this 3 hour tale is done well and it does not look like ANY MONEY was spent on this Tale . I 'm sure they spent some money as filmmakers love to spend $ $ $ and simple things that could and should be done on set were matted in at what cost and waste and I 've seen $ 500,000 a day blown on the set of MARS ATTACKS so I cut allot of slack to indi projects but really every thing in this version screamed cheap . The FXs look as bad as 1970 's THE STARLOST . I know a guy doing FXs at home on a store bought PC that would hold their own in a STAR WARS movie so it 's what skill as an artist you have not just the tools . And you have to upgrade Tim , the software your using on this WOTW looks 20 years old . My $ 2,000 Mac can do more than my $ 50,000 amiga video editor from ' 96 . I never made my money back on that system but I am doing a TV show on my Mac so it all works out . Timothy Hines should try and do work he could be proud of and not lie to the public about how much his version cost and how its going to kick all the others * sses . I have n't spent any money on Tom 's movie YET but I did buy your DVD Mr. Hines based on all the web buzz you created . Good Job on that but really deep down you do you know you did n't deliver a GOOD MOVIE to us the Fans . The Jerky Frame rate was a bad idea for a 3 hour movie . Toss out your software and upgrade with the money you made from this scam . Should people buy this movie ? I 'd say 90 % of the people who I showed this to would not . The other 10 % saw it for free . I 've seen it 4 times . Why . Because I was offered a chance to make a cheap shot on video movie based on a famous book and after seeing this am Glad I did n't because who needs more crap like this in stores . Your movie is a great lesson on how not to make a movie ... it will be my new bible of Bad ideas . There is Hollywood Hype and then there is lying . Tim is a liar , just look at all the 4 & 5 stars reviews popping up here when I 've shown this to about 15 people and ALL SAID IT WAS THE WORST THING THEY EVER SAW Sure , Pump up the ratings and budget online ... Guess you want to sell it to the sci-fi channel for big bucks !! Sci-fi Channel , Big Bucks lol . When we the fans look at your `` Movie '' and you tell us you spent Millions and Millions and we see 7 xtras matted into a BAD photo ... right . Love how you used a store bought Jigsaw PUZZLE of a House for shots of a House being destroyed and falling apart in Puzzle shapes ... Classic ED WOOD I call BS on you Mr. Hines . Why mess with ED WOOD . Leave him the title of worst director of all time . Please stop faking good reviews here . I 'm 43 years old and own about 4,000 movies -LRB- even 16mm prints -RRB- Your movie sucks . Your ideas suck . The ARTWORK suck . The Fake Horses sucked . The Fake xtras sucked . The Music was GOOD . Your `` Directing '' sucked . 99 % of your actors sucked . The LOVE STORY sucked . The ACTION sucked . The FXs Sucked . The Stop motion sucked . Your mini-DV sucked -LRB- I too shoot with an XL1S -RRB- The B&W footage at the start was Very GOOD but you did n't shoot it ... it was PD Stock footage . It 's very sad when the best thing in your movie is 90 year old footage from a newsreel . Not worth $ 8 . Tim you got my $ 8 so my tip to you is get a REAL Director on your next project because you really , really suck at this ...
 the acting was so lower budge and the hourse well what a laugh
 The contrast of this amateurish , low-budget DVD with the new Spielberg film `` War of the Worlds '' could not be greater . This version is set at the beginning of the 20th century and follows the Wells novel literally . But the result is so sloppy and self-indulgent , and the special effects so poorly executed , that all sense of horror and excitement are lost.Perhaps this film was made by high-school students working in a garage . Clearly they had no real sets or actors . The special effects are a jumble of techniques , with the martian machines -LRB- the tripods , the spiders , and the death ray -RRB- reasonably well done but most of the rest just horrible . The scenes of destruction of London and other towns make the burning of Tokyo in the original Godzilla movie look good . All of the failures are accentuated by the poor editing -LRB- or absence of editing -RRB- . I could only get through the film with my finger poised on the fast-forward button.This is a real disappointment to HG Wells fans . Too bad .
 Since the story is the greatest ever writtenI could n't possibly think that I would consider this was going to be a crapy film but after seeing the special effects I must ask myself , if this is some kind of joke or an unfinished demo version I came across?The worst ever imaginable `` CGI '' you 've ever come across on this side of 1985 -LRB- just watch the hilarious Thunderchild vs. tripod scene . -RRB- And when the first alien emerges from the cylinder all my hopes that this was going to be a great film was pulverized.Hello ? Ancient Videogame anyone ?! Although quite entertaining to watch with a lot of good laughs!And the acting was n't much to talk about either.Sorry Timothy , better luck next time .
 The following is my honest reaction to this film . I apologise if it is overtly hostile , but it is true in every possible way .1 . I 'm shocked that the authors of this movie are so cheap that they could not afford a real boat ? The hair of the actors were not even blowing during their oceanic voyage . My uncle owns a production equipment rental company which rents effects fans for 5 $ a day ! Could they not afford a $ 5 fan rental in order to add a hint of realism to this trash ? 2 . Is it too expensive to wait until night to film the night scenes ? Apparently not ... because they used the worst night effect lens in the world ! All it did was tint the film blue ! 3 . Could they not afford a carriage ? During distance shots the actors look like white plastic dolls on a rocking chair . The horses are high school level , digitally animated brown blobs ! Could they not find real horses ? And finally , when the horse and carriage are seen up-close , it 's a miniture horse and carraige that would carry no more than a 30 lb . child ! 4 . The length of the film only adds insult to injury . You would think it was over but then you glance at the clock and realize that there are still 2 hours and 45 mins left ! 5 . If I had made this movie in one day I would still be embarrased to show it to my own family ! 6 . The overused unnecessary `` special effects '' were rediculous ! It looked as if the actors were grafted onto the film by a child ! I 'm still wondering if they had a 6 year old child edit this film .7 . Could they not afford a few extras ? Apparently not , because they kept randomly splicing in the exact same footage of people running through the various shots . The EXACT SAME FOOTAGE was used in the foreground of multiple composite shots throughout the entire film .8 . Could they not use real fire ? I guess not because instead they used cheap and fake digital fires randomly placed throughout the shots . It was ridiculous ! 9 . I 'm not saying I did n't enjoy this film ; I did . I watched this movie with 5 other people and we were laughing hysterically throuout the entire thing . Less than one hour into it we thought we were watching a comedy.Honestly , this movie is not worth 1 star . It is a poor attempt to profit off of a timeless classic .
 If this movie was meant to be a comedy , I would give it 5 stars . However , as far as I can tell , this movie was not supposed to be funny . I found myself laughing hysterically throughout the entire thing . I do n't even know where to begin . The movie is roughly 3 hours in length and half of it is just this guy walking . One moment he 'll be in a city walking around and in the very next scene he 'll be in the woods walking around . Then it will turn to night and he 'll be walking around . Then all of a sudden it 's daytime and guess what ... he 's walking around again . The movie does n't ever seem to have a particular time of day that events are taking place in . One scene has a man and woman looking up into the night sky at the stars . As the camera turns to show their faces it can be clearly seen that there is broad daylight behind them . The camera then turns again to the night sky in front of them . Insanely obvious mistakes like this are all over this movie.In many scenes the actors appear to be just as confused as the audience about what 's going on , so they just make a random face . The special effects make the 50 's version look futuristic . Humans that get zapped by the aliens turn into skeletons and somehow still manage to throw their arms about with no muscles . Horses and people off in the distance look like South Park characters waddling back and forth as they move . The list goes on ... I can only recommend this movie to someone who is looking for a good laugh . I have n't laughed this hard in a long time .
 Like a number of people , I am a sucker for Victoriana -LRB- in addition to other retro qualities -RRB- , and since I have had a fascination for THE WAR OF THE WORLDS since my elementary school days , I picked it up.I have long wanted to see an accurate period production of the film . While the fact that I did not recognize any of the names in the cast or the production nor did I recognize the company releasing the film did give me pause , I was curious to see what the film-makers accomplished.As a DOCTOR WHO fan and as someone who has performed in community theater , I can overlook a certain degree of effects shots that do n't come off as planned as well as make allowances for some acting that is n't quite up to snuff.I initially thought that the approach to color was an interesting experiment , as was the jerkiness to the movement . I was willing to give the production team the benefit of the doubt ... until the first martian was revealed in all it 's so-called glory . The matting of the martian onto the location footage was so incompetently done , I had flashbacks to the lobster-creature in `` Teenagers from Outer Space '' , and I was reduced to helpless mirth.I then realized that either the director or the editor was padding out the sequence by reusing the same reaction shots from the townspeople to no good effect.Then came the heat-ray . As a child , I saw footage of Buddhist monks immolating themselves to protest the Vietnam War . Irwin Allen did a better job convincingly simulating a burning person in `` Fire '' -LRB- accomplished by setting a stuntman in an asbestos suit aflame -RRB- than Hines accomplished by having his effects people superimpose digital flame over his actors , then morphing them into magically thrashing CGI-skeletons . As the film continued , my jaw hung open and my eyes bugged out in disbelief at what I was seeing onscreen . The sheer cinematic incompetence on display was continually bringing me out of the world Hines was trying to create and into which he was trying to draw me.I am one of the few people of my generation who made it through my high school , college and adult years without ever ingesting an illegal drug -LRB- and I am also a Mystery Science Theater fan , to boot -RRB- . Drugs might have helped deaden the DEEEEEEP HURTING this movie caused me.When it was over , after three interminable hours , and having seen each individual horse billed by name in the closing credits , I sat staring at my television screen utterly unable to believe that someone would in this day and age have the audacity to release a film/video/DVD in such a shambolic state.Even now , I am flabbergasted and unable to adequately describe to others what I saw and experienced should I be tempted to warn them away from viewing this DVD.This is a terrible , terrible , terrible movie -- made more horrible by the grandeur of the original source material and the lofty aspirations the film-makers initially claimed to have for it .
 Please read all the reviews . The positve reviews are mostly faked . Only trust the `` real name '' reviews.This movie is truly the worst of all time .
 I keep on noticing identical reviews here saying this film is faithful to the book . It is not . Either they 've never read it or they are lying . There are huge changes to the book , esp . in the second half of the film . This may not mean much if you have n't read it , but things like the Red Weed , Dead London and the Artilleryman 's demented dreams of a brave new world , the chess game , digging the hole and all of the last two chapters of the book are completely thrown out . There are other big changes all the way through the film , like setting it in 1910s America , and lots of minor ones -LRB- the cousin becomes a woman the hero is leering at over dinner , the Ulla war cry has been changed , the man the Martians feed on has turned into a woman in suspenders ! tacky !!! -RRB- . The biggest change is that Wells ' atheist take on events and the powerlessness of religion is completely perverted by the writer director.So , establishing this is n't really the faithful version they claim should that matter ? Not if the film were any good . But it 's the worst film I 've ever seen . It 's not like a matter of taste - oh , I do n't like Fellini/Lucas/Leone / Milius/old movies . It 's bad as in really , really badly made . Bad acting , bad video cam work that shakes all the time , really bad effects . Not funny bad either , BOOORRRING bad!Somebody said this was an insult to Wells , but it 's also an insult to the audience . Not a faithful version , and not a good film . And no , I do n't work for Paramount either , but even if I and everybody else here who hates it did , it would still be the worst film ever made from H.G. Wells . Next to this Val Kilmer 's Island of Dr Moreau is Apocalypse Now !!! Big boos all round to the cheats who made this !
 I bought this version because I wanted something that went along the original H.G.Wells version and was not an interpretation . This defintely follows the orginal but quickly becomes painful to sit through . The style of the film gives a nice dreamy feel but the acting and editing were terrible . How many scenes of a guy running through a field do you need ? Sure in the book Wells would describe through first person how the character ran from here to there , walked somewhere , or sat and waited but do we NEED to see it portrayed ad nauseum everytime ? Hardly . If you cut out all the scenes of people walking from one location to another or scenes of people just sitting there staring at a wall or each other , the movie would have been about an hour long . It was nice that someone tried to stick to the original story but this was a miserable result . After a while I started humming A Flock of Seagulls `` I Ran '' to break up the monotony . The editor should be forced to sit through the movie played over and over for 24 hours .
 I , like many others , was really looking forward to a film version of Wells ' original story . Well , the movie is certainly true to the book -LRB- in some cases too much so -RRB- . Unfortunately , the acting and special effects are so poor that I found my self , after sitting through the the films entire 3 hour length -LRB- and only nodding off twice -RRB- , still looking forward to a film that even remotely comes close to doing justice to the briliant tale that Wells put to paper more than a century ago . As badly as I wanted to enjoy it , I could n't help myself from being thouroghly annoyed by horribly mangled English accents , and a completely botched editing job . The Thunderchild sequence is a complete embarrassment ! If you enjoy all things related to `` War of the Worlds '' you probabaly wo n't be able to help yourself from spending 9 dollars to see this fiasco -LRB- and at that price it 's not too terrible a waste -RRB- , but please do n't bother watching it until you find yourself with absolutely nothing better to do with three hours of your time . At least we still have the animated adaptation of Jeff Wayne 's musical version to look forward to in a few years .
 I am a sucker for Victorian period pieces , seeing on screen Victorian damsels in their hats , lace and velvet makes my heart go putter , and I am a fan of Sci-fi so I thought I would check out this direct to video production that combines the two by staying faithful to the HG Wells novel . Also , the movie was selling at Wal-mart for $ 9 , including sales tax so I said what the heck . There is only one word to describe this movie
 I do n't normally write reviews , but I had to for this movie because it is just so off-the-charts bad . I was surprised to come here and see that anyone , anywhere liked it . I guess count me in the minority.I 'm a closet sci-fi fan , and liked the book and even the over-the-top 60s -LRB- 50s ? -RRB- movie version . I had n't heard of this production , but figured it was a made-for-cable effort or somesuch that I had overlooked . Uh , wrong . This is an amateurish movie that was either some kind of student film , or -LRB- my guess -RRB- a quickie attempt to cash in on the Speilberg movie.This movie seems to follow the storyline of the book -LRB- from what I remember -RRB- , and appears to be an attempt at a period piece , as opposed to a modern-day retelling . That would normally be OK . But the scenery all looks like rural Pennsylvania , not turn-of-the century-London -LRB- except , of course , the cliche shot of Big Ben , wink wink , to let you know you 're in London -RRB- . And there 's no sense of pace or drama whatsoever . Whereas the book was fast paced and even a little creepy , this movie just plods along with no suspense whatsoever . And make no mistake , that 's Plods with a capital `` P. `` Every aspect of this was so awful - especially the acting and the British accents - I kept expecting it to turn ` camp ' -LRB- like a Troma film -RRB- , but it did n't . They played it straight and came up with what is probably the most complete dud I have ever seen . If I had to find one thing to compliment , I 'd have to say the music was fairly decent.I 'd be inclined to give this two stars just because they took a shot at bringing a classic novel to film . But that they 're doing it * now * is just a flagrant attempt to cash in on Speilberg-War-of-the-Worlds-mania , and I would withdraw BOTH of those stars anyway -LRB- if I could -RRB- because the finished product is SO pathetic .
 I read some of the reviews and was ready for a cheaply made movie that probably was n't very good . My expectations were WAY too high . NOTHING about this movie is good . The acting - I could have done a better job . The filming - what was the deal with all the colors and the sepia ?? Not to mention the ultra-cheesy shots of stationary actors in front of a screen . The special effects - way beyond `` low budget '' . The special effects are outclassed by almost anything from the 1950s . The script - all I can say is , it varied between hilarious and nonexistent , as in vast scenes with nobody saying anything at all.Seriously , I have loved HG Wells ' novel since I was a kid and have been dying for somebody to wake up and make it into a movie . This `` attempt '' has no real excuse and it is easy to see why it sells for $ 8 at Wal Mart . Even if you are a WOTW fan like me , do n't spend your money on this . Wells ' novel deserves a real treatment - Pendragon should have spent their money on real actors and writers .
 Pure rubbish ! Poor acting , poor story line , worst special effects I 've ever seen . A ten year old could have written , directed and done the special effects better . Do n't waste your money !!!
 Holy . Mother . Of crap.If I had a choice of watching this movie again or being be-headed , I 'd take the latter in a heart beat.Don ' t bother . Buy 2 Big Mac Combo 's instead .
 Seriously , all these 5-star reviews are fake . Hell , anything above 2 stars is fake . Mr Hines and his amateur crew of psedo-fimlmakers just want you to believe this is acctualy worth buying -LRB- for some reason , Mr Hines is unable to accept his movie as being bad , very bad -RRB- . If only the same effort was made while producing this atrocity.Please everyone , dont believe in these fake reviews , and please stay away from this film . Save you money.btw this is to Mr Hines
 This movie is dreadful . Blatantly and poorly made to cash in on Steven Spielberg and Tom Cruise 's version , this is an insult to HG Wells ' original book . Just some of the things wrong with it ... 1 . The first three-quarters of the film incorporate everything from the original book , including trivial scenes like the Writer walking from place to place ; consequently it 's nearly an hour before the Martians make their appearance . Then in the last quarter of the film , suddenly a large portion of scenes from the book are ignored , including important ones like the Writer 's trip through `` Dead London . '' Obviously Timothy Hines was rushing to finish it .2 . There are far too many walking scenes in the film . They 're all long and drawn out , most of them have no relevance to the plot , and they make the film very slow-moving .3 . The special effects , which Hines claimed would rival those in `` The Matrix , '' are horrendous . The tripods look like they 're sliding , the Big Ben scene -LRB- which can be seen in the trailer -RRB- is so obviously computer-generated , and do n't even get me started on the Thunderchild scene . Even the simplest effects are done poorly ; the horses are bad CGI effects , the burning skeletons are laughable , a night scene and a day scene are composited together very badly , and the Writer 's moustache is obviously fake and for most of the film looks like it 's peeling off .4 . The acting is dreadful . James Lathrop 's acting is like something out of a pantomime ; Jamie Lynn Sease is so wooden it 's unbelievable , and leading man Anthony Piana -LRB- who Hines thinks is the next Al Pacino -RRB- looks completely clueless for most of the film . And the British accents are awful ; it 's obvious that none of the cast have a clue what one sounds like .5 . On that note , it 's obvious that Hines , the location managers and set designers do n't have a clue what England looks like . In some shots London looks like an old Tudor town ; in others it looks like modern-day Seattle . Other American entities -LRB- such as mosquito nets and brownstones -RRB- are also clearly seen . Worst of all , the Big Ben is shown as a free-standing tower ... anybody with half a brain cell knows that the Big Ben is part of the Houses of Parliament .6 . The period detail is terrible . A 20th century diesel locomotive , modern chrome seating outside a restaurant , modern streetlamps , 1910s American costumes , Civil War era army uniforms ... those are just some of the period errors I can think of .7 . The same shots of extras running are reused endlessly and looped over and over again .8 . The directing is awful . Hines has no sense of pace and no idea how to create tension .9 . For all of Hines ' claims that this is a faithful adaptation of the original book , he misses the point of it entirely.I know the film was shot on a low budget -LRB- Hines ' claims that the film had an eight-figure budget are lies -RRB- , but even low budget films can be good.As the title of my review suggests , do n't listen to the 5-star reviews as most of them are fake . Huge batches of rave reviews appear at regular intervals -LRB- sometimes as many as five a day -RRB- , which were clearly written by Timothy Hines . They 're all posted by first-time reviewers not using their real names ; most contain similar phraseology , and some of them are even copy-and-pastes of earlier ones . Most laughable of all are the ridiculous claims that all the negative reviews are written by Steven Spielberg in the hope of drawing attention to his version.What annoys me greatly about all this is that Hines is still posting fake reviews , even though he knows legal action could be taken against him , most people have already realised what he 's up to and Amazon have already cleared the reviews page at least once . Give a rest Hines , it 's not big , it 's not clever , and it wo n't make your film sell any faster!All in all , this version of `` War of the Worlds '' is dreadful . See the 1953 version or the Spielberg version ... they might not be fantastic , and they might not be fabulously faithful to the original book , but they 're made by professionals who know what they 're doing .
 There are several versions of H.G.Wells ' War of the Worlds.I was surprised that this version ever made it to the shelves.From the onset , i thought it may work , but within ten minutes , i realised my mistake.The `` Martians '' -LRB- which i thought were the 21st century teletubbies -RRB- looked so cute , apart from the tentacles.When they first appeared , i thought they were going to start crying , after smashing their spaceship into a pit , with super imposed little flames , burning on the gravel.Then the thrill of the funnel , bringing fourth the heat ray . Looking very similar to a ladies cosmetic mirror , i thought the invaders were going to brake it , after seeing it warp and spin at different angles.Suddenly , POW , the heat ray fires , or misfires.Onlookers are seen dancing in super imposed flames , covering them.Slowly , they collapse to the ground , seemingly in exhaustion until they turn into plastic skeletons.Once at this stage , they start flailing and squirming as though in agony , not realising , they are already dead!Combine this with the cast , one by one , being chased by , what seems to be , a psychopath , but we 'll use the term `` camera '' as they run around town , down the country lane , up the hill , across the meadow , past the barn , around the pit , past the wall etc , etc , etc. . . It was Ogilvy , the old sprinter with the cane , that started it!Then one by one , the other characters copy him.So a lot of time is spent watching these people go for a run around the town.In all , i ca n't give this version any stars , since the `` Martians '' must have invaded them all and they no longer shine.I 've given it one , since you have to put a value here , but my actual rating would be zero .
 In every possible way , this is a horrid picture . Just forget about it.To list a few of its faults , it is wretchedly long . It is badly acted . It is miserably edited . Its color is absurd.Its use of loops is ridiculous.But above all , it is BORING BORING BORING.Could I recommend watching your grass grow as a more exciting way to spend your time ?
 Yes , I truly wanted THIS version to be worthy of praise -LRB- Wells and his book surely deserve a great rendering -RRB- but , it is not . Do not waste your time trying to pick out a few positives amidst this hopeless mess of amateurish film making . Earnest efforts and good intentions can not replace the skills that are required to cause one to suspend disbelief and become immersed in a story .
 Boring , with amateurish computer graphics . The acting is almost on par with the CGI , but not quite . I can not imagine how anyone involved in this production could have thought they were making a good movie . Yes , the stylization adds a bit of interest , but not enough to save the effort . I found myself nodding off over and over . No wonder it went straight to DVD . It would n't have made any money in theatrical distribution . Save your money .
 My hopes were so high for this production . I thought it would be the novel come to life . Not only did the story not save this attempt but the special effects were sophomoric at best . Killer Tomatoes , where art thou ?
 Very bad movie ... the actors ... the script ... very poor ... I am disappointed . If I can I will return de movie.Tessie Martinez
 `` For the first time ever , the true adaptation of the classic novel ... '' says the back cover from the DVD.Yes , BUT : Unfortunately , the movie is BAD in every aspect of the word ! Bad directing , bad acting , awful editing , an almost constant annoying synthethised music , half rendered -LRB- or unfinished ? -RRB- special effects , etc , etc , etc. . . Fortunately , because it is so bad , it could become , with time perhaps , one of these cult movies such as Ed Wood 's `` Plan 9 From Outer Space '' , and which you could watch again with some B movies geeks just to have a good fun about it .
 Ok , let me first start by saying that i love HG Wells stuff . And i 'm still glad i purcahsed this for that reason , but for gods sake - a little editing and about an hour cut out of this movie would have made all the difference !! I did n't mind that terrible acting , bad CGI and poor dialogue ... i even found the likeness to gay porn amusing rather than annoying , but alas i still fell asleep !!! All credit to Mr Hines for trying to do it true to era , but it promised so much and delivered so little . pity .
 I 've been a big fan of H.G.Wells since childhood , so I was really excited when I heard that someone was finally doing a period version of `` War of the Worlds . '' Unfortunately , the film does n't do real justice to Wells ' vision . Some specifics : Tim Hines was the script writer , the photographer , the editor , and the director . This lack of any external , objective opinion may explain why the film is sooooooo long . A good editor could have trimmed the film 's 180 minutes to something more manageable without losing any of the story . Near the beginning , there seem to be endlessly-repeated -LRB- identical -RRB- sequences of Anthony Piana walking back and forth along the same path through the forest . And just why did Hines feel it necessary to treat us all to an excerpt from G&S ; 's `` Mikado '' in the middle of a Martian attack?The acting was marginal . The main character 's `` British '' accent was really forced and unnatural . -LRB- It sounded like Keanu Reeves ' sad attempt at British english in Copola 's `` Dracula '' . -RRB- Coupled with his pasted-on , fake-looking moustache , it was difficult to take him seriously.The film contains a lot of technical flaws . There were a number of scenes supposedly taking place at night , but which were clearly filmed in broad daylight . In a single scene , sometimes Hines would remember to use the day-for-night filter ; other times not.The Martian machines were only vaguely similar to Wells ' description ; the Hines version looked more like giant , malevolent Sony Aibo mechanical dogs . It was also obvious that Hines used exactly the same CGI footage every time the Martian machines appeared . One of the machines makes a sudden , jerky glide from frame-right to frame-left , and sure enough it does it in every scene.Most annoying of all was the constant jumpiness of the video . Contrary to what another reviewer stated , I do n't believe this is an intentional artistic choice on Hines ' part . -LRB- Although that may be the spin the movie company is putting on things after the fact . -RRB- Rather , it seems to be an artifact of trying to compress three hours of video onto a single-sided DVD . The effect is like watching an internet-TV broadcast over a very slow network connection -- the frame rate just does n't keep up . Once again , a little editting would have helped this movie 's compression problems.On the positive side , I paid less than a sawbuck for this DVD at my local discount store , so I dont ' feel particularly cheated . If you 're a fan of H.G. , and you 've got ten bucks and three hours you do n't mind throwing away , you might have some fun with this .
 Bland , boring unimaginative cookie cutter exploitation stuffThomas Haines , MinneapolisI notice several near identical rave reviews claim there is ` nothing cookie cutter ' about this picture . Even being generous and presuming they 're not all shills for this sorry mess , the whole film is the epitome of bad cookie cutter filmmaking . Everything is formula , everything is predictable and the only surprise is how bad , how overlong and how UNfaithful to the soul of Wells book it really is . Dispiriting stuff from rank amateurs .
 I must admit I burst out laughing when I saw one reviewer compare this to LOTR . Well yes , if you exclude the dwarves , the cast of thousands , the great special effects , the big battles , the strong characterisation , the decent plot , the good acting , the classy direction and everything else . Which leaves you with the walking . And boy , does this film do walking ! If Mr Piano had his way , this would probably be an uninterrupted three hours of hardcore walking through the Wisconsin countryside , but every 40 minutes or so these pesky Martians pop up for a few seconds to interrupt him before he goes for another bit of a ramble . You 've never seen so much walking in a movie . If this really had a $ 20m budget , most of it must have gone on Mr Piano 's shoes , because he had to get through plenty of pairs with all the walking he does . Which explains why there 's no money left for decent effects , a decent video camera or proper actors . Honestly , it 's like watching some bizarre fetish video for people with a thing about going for long walks in period costumes . Even on fast-forward , this is a looonnnggg walk.As for the sci-fi stuff , I think it was a mistake to put Martians in the film
 Unless you enjoy Crayola-grade CGI , this is NOT the movie for you . This COULD have been an interesting period based peice , this COULD have been true to the vision and story Wells crafted , or this COULD have been honestly marketed as a B-ish movie somewhat based on Well 's story . To be fair , this failing to visually re-create a book is not new . All too often the rights to a prose based story are purchased in the interest of producing a movie version , but the movie at best falls short , or at worst is simply leveraging an established title or author but producing something that has little or no connection to the book . This movie relies on very poor CGI to attempt to force the immagry that Wells was able to create with words alone . It is disappointing , and does not make up for any of the many failings of this movie . Watch this without the title , and it 's an ammusing B-Movie . Watch this expecting Wells , and be sure to have something better to do while it 's running , like matching grey socks , counting the spare change in the furniture cushions , or attempting to match toenail clippings to the toes they came from .
 This is n't a ` brave ' ` poetic ' ` faithful ' interpretation of a great book , it 's a con trick , pure and simple . A bunch of total no-talents spent all of one weekend shooting this in their backyard on a cheap video camera and then rushed it out onto DVD with a misleading cover to cash in on Spielberg 's duffer . You can not believe how incredibly bad this is . No intelligence has gone into making it and every effort and expense has been spared to maximize their profits from the gullible . Any sane or honest person would be ashamed to release something this bad . Avoid at all costs .
 First of all , this is the only review I have ever felt moved to contribute to Amazon , so there are no other reviews . That said , I am not associated in any way with Pendragon Pictures . I would prefer to panhandle for my living.Secondly , I only gave this `` movie '' 1 star because there is no way to rate it with negative numbers.I wo n't address the production values - other posters more knowledgeable have done that much more succintly than I ever could . Suffice it to say that I agree wholeheartedly with everything . Mr Hines wants to pee on the public 's collective leg and tell it it 's raining , and these folks have called him on his utter lack of knowledge , talent and integrity.Onward , then . And these observations are presented in no particular order , except as they occur to me.Anthony Piana as both The Writer and his Brother was apparently paid by the mile . If the man is ever cast in anything again , and I devoutly hope he is n't , perhaps he can utilize his obvious abilities as a broken field runner . As The Writer his mustache was pure Groucho Marx , and his overall appearance was Freddie Mercury on the cheap . Based on his `` accent '' , I would say that he 's probably never been closer to England than Peoria . I noticed that whenever Freddie The Writer wanted to express despair on any one of his interminable walking tours of the back 40 , he would fall down on his back and twitch like a stranded fish for a minute or two . Then he would fall asleep for a while , and when he woke up he would jerk to a sitting position and yell , before getting up and starting the hike again.Mrs . The Writer looked as though she had one dress to her name . Obviously Freddie should have found himself a day job.When Freddie finds the Artilleryman in his garden , he attempts to scare him off with a conveniently discarded hayfork . Why did n't he use it on the yard , I 'd like to know.Miss Elphinstone , in the book a woman of rare spirit , is played by Jamie Lynn Sease as having recently received a lobotomy . She recites her lines with no inflection whatever , and seems to be looking off to the side , presumably so that she can more easily read the cue cards . Miss Elphinstone is an attractive young woman , but George Romero 's living dead show more emotion than she does.The scene at the River Wey , where Freddie the Writer is separated from the Artilleryman and sees the tail end of a skirmish between the Martians and the Army , has some particularly egregious moments . After an anonymous man is picked up by a Fighting Machine and shot-putted what looked to be several miles , the Machine itself is damaged and falls into the river . Correctly , Freddie is in the river with several people who did n't want to be shish-kebab but did n't have anywhere to run . But when the Fighting Machine is hit and falls into the River , the mechanism of the Heat Ray is supposed to heat the water to almost boiling . The Writer describes scrambling upstream underwater , only coming up for air and a quick peek , the water actually getting hotter the longer the Heat Ray remains submerged . He describes being unable to see due to rising steam . Freddie the Writer and the rest of the cast of idiots hang out in the same place , which happens to be the only spot in the river where the water heats up , and then it boils . The extras are parboiled in a matter of seconds , and are seen floating the way fish do after dynamite has been tossed into the water . But Our Hero , who is in the same water , is merely uncomfortably toasty , and that is relieved by the removal of his jacket , vest and shirt . This is , of course , a sop to the ladies who might still be awake at this point , and we are treated to another Death March with a view of Mr. Piana 's pigeon chest.I can only conclude that the woman the Artilleryman saw stepped on by a Fighting Machine was actually a tick which had recently fed . There 's no other explanation for all that blood.Finally , read the credits . It appears that Hines had a cast of tens , and this cast doubled as his crew , in addition to playing multiple roles and , among the women , trading off the one sunhat he had available to him.Finally , I believe that Mr. Hines is the bastard offspring of a drunken union between Ed Wood and William `` One Shot '' Beaudine . This would make him the shirt-tail brother of Tom Laughlin , and it probably means he wants to be Steven Seagal when he grows up . All of Mr. Hines toys should be taken from him immediately , and he should be sent to his room without his supper and promptly forgotten about .
 This film is an insult ! I have n't seen it in a cinema . The first and only close encounter was the DVD edition.It is a serious candidate to surpass the considered worst film ... God Bless `` Plan 9 '' . At least it is funny ... I 'm waiting for the winter to burn it in my chimney.Joao Pereira Bastos Lisbon Portugal
 First things first . This is an actual honest review from a real person who has actually reviewed other movies . Thus , you 'll find potential spoilers in this review , but above all , some actual information about why I liked or disliked this movie , frequently in detail , as opposed to the plethora of fake reviews here . Some of these fake reviews even go so far as to claim the negative ones the fake ones . If this is so , then why is it that this relatively little known movie has managed to collect over 500 reviews in the short time it 's been out -LRB- with over 350 positive reviews by people that have never posted reviews of anything else -RRB- , while the famous -LRB- read
 I have to say . . as someone who was looking forward to getting my copy of this film . . it has to be the worst 3hrs of cinema EVER !!! Acting . . BAD !! Sets . . the worst !! Special effects . . not even worht talking about they were so bad.Direction . . JUST TERRIBLE.I look forward to the next two ` versions ' of War Of The Worlds . . they can not be anyway as bad as this one ... DO NOT BUY . . if you are a film goer of any kind ... it dosent get any worse than this !!!!
 This is possibly the worst motion picture ever made . Think about `` Plan 9 From Outer Space '' - this Pendragon film of Wells ' classic is much worse . `` Robot Monster '' - this version of `` War of the Worlds '' is far worse . In fact , Pendragon 's `` War of the Worlds '' makes these ' 50 's sci-fi clinkers seem like `` Ben Hur '' by comparison . What 's wrong with it ? Where to begin ... First of all , the script is lousy . Though derived from Wells ' dialog in the book , it is stilted and clumsey . This is n't helped by the fact that all the actors in the film are `` community playhouse '' caliber - at best . Th acting is simply amateurish in the extreme.Secondly , the directing is inept . This director has no sense of pace whatsoever . The movie runs just under three hours and by the time it ends , the viewer is three years older . More than half the film consists of medium to long shots of various characters simply running around . Long minutes of the main character stumbling through forests and over fields and along footpaths where just a quick shot of same would have sufficed , seem to account much of this movie 's length . It 's boring in the extreme and ultimately , very tiring.This movie was made on a shoestring budget , and one must admire the folks involved for such an ambitious undertaking . I suspect that the thinking was that compters are cheap , and the tools with which to make the special effects shots are easy to come by , and of little cost . In fact there is an open source 3-D rendering suite called POV-RAY that is free for anyone to download . It consists of rendering tools , modeling front ends and compositing modules and is very capable software . If you have seen the original concept teaser that director Kerry Conran made in his attic in the ' 90 's using an old Macintosh for `` Sky Captain and The World of Tomorrow '' then you would know that these types of tools are capable of doing excellent work . The power of the major studios ' special effects departments are available for anyone to use . Unfortunately , just as owning a copy of PageMaker does n't make the owner a talented and experienced publisher , neither does a computer and some 3D software make one a special effects expert . That 's the problem here . Whoever did the models of the war machines and the creatures , themselves , did a credible job . One might not agree with the interpretation of Wells ' descriptions of these things , but that 's a matter of taste , and I 'm not going to comment . The main problem seems to be that whoever did the animation of these war machines and creatures has n't clue one about animating . War machines sometimes walk , but often they seem to just slide across the screen . Movement is jerky and seems , to a large extent , totally unmotivated . The scene where the creatures get in a running battle in the English Channel with a British warship is so poorly animated and composited as to be laughable . And watch the long shots of cavalry horses moving across the heather . The leg motion of the horses does n't match the motion AT ALL.This film is overly long , tiring , unsatisfying on every level , and for the most part downright inept . Save your money to see the Spielberg version in the theater . It might not be all that satisfying either , but at least it will be a professional , competently made motion picture .
 Honestly , are these people kidding ?!?! Mystery Science Theatre would n't know where to begin in spoofing this movie . Please do n't waste your money or your time watching this . It 's 3 hours of painful and pathetic acting and `` special '' effects . I seriously thought it was suppose to be a joke . It had to be shot with 99 % green screen . In one scene you can see the woman under attack turn into a doll ! In another the stagecoach looks like its moving by use of a paper stagecoach glued to a popcicle stick . I half expected to see a `` Monty Python '' hand moving it .
 I could have made a movie much better than this with a camcorder , some friends , a backyard , and the money in my wallet . This was a piece of Horse Crap ! Come on ! Surely the flames and the battleships -LRB- which I swear , Did not travel 100mph across the English Channal in real life ! -RRB- could be a little more realistic . I felt as if this movie could be seriously improved with a budget that exceeds $ 10 !
 I 'm hard-pressed to find a reason to recommend this film . The acting , special efforts , and set design leave a great deal to be desired . And , it seemed like this movie went on forever . To me , the only slightly redeeming feature of this film is that it is a mostly faithful adaptation of the original novel . The only reason I 'd ever recommend this film is if you 're too lazy to read the book for a school assignment .
 I wo n't even waste words on this piece of tripe . Bad everything . `` Plan 9 from Outer Space '' was a epic masterpiece compared to this garbage .
 This filming works as if it would have been produced of engaged hobby fimmakers . Bad effects , boring course of action make it heavy to hold out the entire DVD . Only positive aspect is the accurate conversion of the book collecting main . Save your Money : -RRB-
 This is not the movie that I thought it was . The one that I was looking for was the one with Gene Barry in it . You can tell that this movie is not up to par .
 Their problem is Spielberg or Cruise or some imaginary conspiracy to bury their ` lovely ' film , it 's the film itself . The fact that every time a bad review from a regular or real name reviewer appears Timbo has to cut and paste four new fake rave reviews insisting every bad review is fake to drive it off the page should really tell you all you need to know about how pitifully bad this shot on home video with a bunch of mates turkey really is . And Timbo 's latest tactic - that the bad reviews must be fake because ` real ' people would n't be able to tell you why his film stinks and write reviews , which only people who love the film more than God would honestly do - would seem like the last act of a desperate man if it were n't for the fact that every time you think that , Timbo comes up with an even loonier idea to promote this crap.Don ' t trust anything but the reviews from ` real name ' verified reviewers or reviewers who have a history of reviewing films on Amazon , very few of whom actually like the film . Check those out and make your mind up before you waste your money on this fraud .
 And I 've got nothing better to do with my time than sit at home on the internet telling people not to see a cheapjack ripoff that is n't even going to theaters . Gee , but me and Katie have been busy writing all these negative Amazon reviews by ourselves in between publicising our movies and demonizing psychiatry , but somehow we managed it because our lives would n't be complete if we let a struggling amateur auteur like ` Timbo ' Hines get away with releasing a film he made for $ 25 and change that is obviously so much better than Steve and my efforts that we just ca n't sleep nights . We may be going into 3000 screens this week , but he 's in WalMart , and that 's got us running scared , I can tell you!All we 've got is a proper budget , an award-winning scriptwriter and actors and crew who know their jobs . How can we hope to compete with a badly shot on video straight-to-DVD $ 10 disc with no-one you 've ever heard of , shot entirely on location in a couple of fields in Washington with CGI horses and cows ? We ca n't . That 's why everybody who has ever given this movie a bad review here is obviously me trying to put the little guy down . Seriously . That 's why you should ignore every review from someone who did n't like it and only believe the good ones , that do n't sound anything alike and obviously were n't written by the people who made the film to sucker you out of $ 10 . Just do n't ask why we 're putting so much effort into beating up on Timbo 's film while we 're leaving the other modern-day version with C. Thomas Howell completely alone even though it 's much closer to our version.Trust me , I 'm a movie star !
 In the old days the only way you could buy films was on Super 8mm . They would be cut down to 10 or 20 minutes , and sometimes mediocre films would be much better with all the padding cut out . Bad films would become fun sometimes . But even on Super 8mm , you could n't improve this . Why ? Because it 's all padding . Anything to avoid telling the story in the book . Honestly , there is NOTHING there for 97 % of the time , and when it does try to throw in a big scene like the battleship fighting a war machine , it just looks like something a four year old might come up with on his Fisher Price My First Computer . There is n't even 5 minutes of good stuff here . This is so bad nothing can save it .
 Although H.G. Wells is not my favourite author and this is not his best novel , it deserves much better treatment than it gets here . Supposedly a faithful period version , it is nothing of the sort . It seems to be set anywhere between 1649 and 1919 in America rather than the south of London and suburbs of the novel . There are a lot of curious and pointless changes to the novel that drag things out interminably . And not all of them are to save money , which is clearly in very short supply here . The writer has no sense of character at all , which is problematic when they do so very little . In fact , the only way to tell some apart is the costumes . This is even more of a problem with many actors taking as many as five parts each . At one minute it wants to be `` Howard 's End '' and fumbles awfully , then at another it wants to be an old 1970s video game like `` Space Invaders . '' It 's a clumsy , artless video made by clumsy , artless people who mean well but are n't any good at their jobs . You actually feel sorry for some of them until you realise that you 've paid to see this . Some people find this sort of thing funny , but I felt the joke was on the customers.Comparisons to great epics and great works of art are odious in the extreme . I kept on feeling I was watching a school play . It 's probably the best they could do with what they had , but that 's no reason to watch it unless you have children in it . This does n't work as a tribute to Wells or as a film on its own . Children will be bored and adults will be insulted . Perhaps one day the BBC could do a proper version . In the meantime , I can not recommend this video in any way at all .
 Great vision and the ability to deliver it are two different things.Mr.Hines has failed in the second .
 My mom and dad taught me that if you ca n't say something good , do n't bother saying anything . As Spielberg 's film was hitting the advertizing circuits , I found out about this other version by pendragon studio . It 's hook for me was the promise to be loyal to the original source . Here comes the good thing that I have to say about this film . It was extremely loyal to the H.G. Wells classic that I remember and the antiquated look of the filming was very interesting , with these kind of missing frame jumps and screen color washes -LRB- blues , browns , reds used appropriately -RRB- . However , with today 's special effects technology , it 's a shame to blend live action with animation effects that one would grow weary of in a video game . Although one of my first complaints was the exaggerated walking sequences , with no action or dialog to support them , I came to appreciate it 's use as a vision of the period where everything happening is not a short drive away . However I think a little creative editing could have shaved about 15 minutes from the 3 hour movie . As my title states , with the effects provided , I kept expecting to see that Wishbone dog , pop out and remind me that it 's not about how realistic filmmakers make it , rather it is how we imagine it that counts . As I started to write this review I was going to give it a single star but since I think that it was a labor of love for someone , I guess I can spare another.I did n't spend a lot for it so I do n't feel a bit gipped by the purchased and I may just watch it again , growing appreciation for the films attempt , but will probably always chuckle at some of the labored dialog deliveries and the effects.To be fair , I should also confess that I delayed writing this review . Having seen the Spielberg version , which I thought outstanding to say the least . Even with his changes in era and other liberties taken to tell a helluva story and freak the bejeebus outta me .
 This film is bad on every way possible to be bad . It looks like it was shot in five days by people who 'd never seen a film before and never read the book . It 's obviously just a cheap riopoff designed to steal people 's money . Fine . Nothing wrong with that . Plenty of ripoffs can be fun . Trancers was more fun than Blade Runner for me , but I 'm not pretending it was better like some people are with this . This is just boring , goes on forever and does n't care - as long as they 've got three hours of something they can call War of the Worlds they can get on to DVD at the same time as the big movie , they do n't care.Here 's what they give you for your money
 Yes , this is even worse than the 1950 's George Pal version . -LSB- ... -RSB- I give Tim Hines credit for staying very close to the book and the acting is n't ALL that bad either . But the look of the movie is just terrible due to overused and badly done CGI . The martian tripods look no better than a rendered scene in a Playstation game . Same goes for the backgrounds and environment . There are even scenes indoors that are blue-screen CGI with very noticeable jagged edges outlining the actor . The way this was shot you 'd think that George Lucas did it but with equipment that cost a fraction of what ILM has . These are strictly low-grade 3D models and backgrounds that remind me of clip-art . Also the sound effects and music really hamper this movie . I kid you not , the sound effects are low-bit audio samples that you 'd hear from your computer or on one of those $ 5 sound effects CDs . The soundtrack is not terrible but it 's so overused that it quickly becomes unbearable . Did n't this guy ever hear of silence enhancing a scene ? About halfway through this 3 hour movie you 're just begging for the music to go away or fantasizing about smashing the composer 's synthesizer.For an example of how cheesy this flick is there 's a scene where a martian tripod attacks a town and starts blowing up buildings . One of the legs steps on a fleeing person and then you hear a very low-fi `` AAAAHHHH !!! '' and a `` SQUISH ! '' . Then when the leg pulls away you see a flattened image with a red circle enlarging to illustrate the blood . There 's another hilarious scene where a woman 's blood is being sucked out to feed the martians . Well when it happens she turns white and shrinks up like a colorform . It 's just so cheesy that I ca n't believe that this movie is being marketed the way it is . There obviously were n't enough extras in this movie so the director put CGI clips of people dressed in Victorian clothes running by the foreground of the scene to make the scene seem more bustling . That 's not so bad but it looks the banner screen saver from a computer . A flat , 2D moving image just zips by.This is a project that your 14 year old kid could put together on his home PC . This movie is so cheesy that the lead actor wears an obviously fake mustache ! Was it that hard to grow one or at least spend $ 20 on a professional grade fake mustache?If Ed Wood were alive today and wanted to make his own version of H.G. Wells ' classic then this is exactly what it 'd look like . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This really is a film for idiots . Tim Hines thinks his audience have no intelligence every step of the way . He constantly has his terrible leading man narrate what is happening as if we are too stupid to guess for ourselves . Every minor point is repeated again and again in case we missed it.All plot points from the original book are touched without any emotional depth or nuance by a supremely untalented filmmaker . Performances are clumsy and hammy at best and Hines has no idea how people interact . The silent dinner sequence is a classic example of pointless padding , bad acting and hopeless directing . It adds nothing and makes his pitiful players look even worse than they already did . Impressive achievement.For all the Pendragon shills on this site giving themselves a round of applause - how many more Bravos or Congratulations Mr Hines can they fake ? - this film deserves only the loudest of boos . My cat has dragged in better .
 I wo n't go into why this is the worst movie of the past fifty years . Other reviewers have done it better . I 'd just say check out all the reviews here before buying . If you honestly think that all the raves came from ordinary members of the public who loved the same film and expressed it in the same way , then maybe you 're forgiving enough to like this film . I doubt it . You 'll probably feel conned . But you might . If you look at the movie , it 's clearly made by idiots for idiots . Buyer beware !
 In the old days the only way you could buy films was on Super 8mm . They would be cut down to 10 or 20 minutes , and sometimes mediocre films would be much better with all the padding cut out . Bad films would become fun sometimes . But even on Super 8mm , you could n't improve this . Why ? Because it 's all padding . Anything to avoid telling the story in the book . Honestly , there is NOTHING there for 97 % of the time , and when it does try to throw in a big scene like the battleship fighting a war machine , it just looks like something a four year old might come up with on his Fisher Price My First Computer . There is n't even 5 minutes of good stuff here . This is so bad nothing can save it .
 This film is a complete waste of time . Editing , acting , continuity , effects , dialogue , et al. are insulting to the viewer . But there 's no accounting for tastes - some folks think this is a masterpiece . For the rest - spend some time with your family , your pet , a good dessert instead .
 Sorry to say that although I love the story and Jeff Wayne soundtrack of War of the Worlds , I found this film just too aweful to watch - which was suprising . I do n't know what was worse , the fake backgrounds and horses or the fact that every scene was basically not real ! The story , of course is faultless but that is not down to this film.Not worth the money I am afraid .
 How this film got released is a mystery . I mean , film 101 is about color correction and scene melding , and they failed miserably at both . The acting is wooden and the effects tragic . People burst into flame and burn - but their clothes and hair are unscortched . The other CGI looks like a 1990 PC game ... except worse . Look up the director 's name , and you 'll find ONE other cinematic credit , and it 's from Troma -LRB- the folks that brought you the Toxic Agenger series -RRB- . So , no wonder.Stay Away !
 The one scene that sums it up for me is the ferry crossing , in which , if you look , you 'll see the ferry sailing * sideways * . That right there sums this picture up for me.By the third walking scene , I found myself giggling as I said aloud to my housemate -LRB- in my worst English accent -RRB- , `` Oh , it 's so grand to be an Englishman walking in the countryside ! Bloody , bloody grand to walk ! Walking , walking , walking -- there 's nothing like it ! '' and so on throughout any and all of the sequences.But other bizarre things abound
 This version has one redeeming feature i.e. it is reasonably faithfull to the original story , but that is about it . The attempt to translate early silent techniques to modern day do not work . I have not seen the 2005 edition yet , but it will have to be very good to approach the quality of the Gene Barry version . He is a great actor , look at the movie `` The 27th Day '' .
 The acting was sub-par as was the cinematography . They kept true to the original book , so much so they went and made it boring . Special effects ? HA HA HA HA HA ! I use to do better on my Commodore 64 ! The cover image on the case is about the coolest thing about this whole movie . Save your $ 10 for when the CGI version of Jeff Wayne 's adaptation comes out . I thought Spielberg 's movie was a disappointment , but this just proves there is always lower to go .
 Pictures like paintings ? Great characterization ? Great script ? Get outta here - this is amateur night at the Dixie Bar and Grill , and if you can stay awake through this junk for three hours of this dumb show then you 're a better man than I am , Gunga Din ! And is it just me , or do the Martians look like the Tweenies?Crap has a new name - Timothy Hines ' War of the Worlds . Buy it and weep !
 Fans of the original book by H.G. Wells will apparently love this film by Timothy Hines . Well , as a huge fan myself of the War Of The Worlds as told by H.G. Wells , I was hugely disappointed by this film . As a UK customer , I had to buy a copy of the DVD from the U.S and I now wished I had n't bothered.Apart from the fact that the film does follow very closely the book , there is absolutely nothing else good to say about Timothy Hines ' work . The film is three hours of pure trash . I actually only watched the film to the half way point before I switched the film off . The visual effects look like they were done 50 years ago . The 1953 film by George Pal out performed Timothy Hines version in respect of the visual effects . Acting was terrible too . Just the feel of the film as a whole was just completely wrong . I ca n't help wondering what Timothy Hines was thinking as he made this film . Movies made for television are better in quality than this film . So after all this time waiting for somebody to make a movie verion of H.G. Wells ' War Of The Worlds I 'm still waiting . By today 's standards , the opportunity is there for a spectacular movie version and it 's a shame the Spielberg version , as much as I love the film , decided to take the modern route instead of being faithhful to H.G. Wells ' book . So if you 're thinking of buying this film , be prepared for the worst film you 've ever watched .
 Having seen its trailer on the Pendragon website , I knew the film was n't any good before I bought it . Most filmmakers would have tried to conceal just how awful this film was , perhaps by only running `` teaser '' previews which would rave about how great the movie was while never making the mistake of showing any actual footage , but not Pendragon . By putting the insanely cheap `` Fall of Big Ben '' scene - not to mention the equally hilarious `` Here Comes the Glowing Green Cartoon Meteor Straight From PBS 's BooBah Show '' bit - right there in the preview , the filmmakers left no doubt of just how low the film 's quality was going to be , and for that I salute them . It 's refreshing to see such clueless honesty in marketing nowadays.The problem is this
 I am a HUGE fan of the original book and have been waiting years to see an faithful adaptation of it . THIS IS N'T IT BY ANY MEANS ! I had thought that Roger Corman 's Fantastic 4 was the worst , but this one takes the cake . I wish that Mystery Science Theater 3000 was still on the air because this thing is a comedy gold mine!I understand low budget films , I have many in my collection . I can forgive bad acting -LRB- with even worse accents -RRB- , ` not so special ' effects , and not very convincing CGI . However no dollar amount can save a film from a director that lacks a sense of narative , the concept of tension , what a scene actually consists of , and when to edit said scenes.The movie is 180 minutes long whose bulk of time follows the main protagonist
 Timothy Hines and Pendragon Pictures have commited cinematic rape upon one of the greatest works of science fiction ever.This putrid garbage is about 75-80 % accurate to the spirit of the book -LRB- no black smoke guns or steam sprays , the Red Weed appears as a cheap matte effect around the edge of the screen , Dead London is glossed over , the mass exodus by sea consists of one paddle steamer bearing four passengers , the later encouter with the atillery man and his plans for a Brave New World , hardly feature -RRB- and so woefully excuted that it is beyond worthless.The acting ranges from adequate -LRB- Susan Goforth -RRB- to dire -LRB- Jamie Lynn Sease -RRB- . The special effects are so awful it does n't bear consideration and as for the ` authentic ' and ` accurate ' portrayal of 1890 's England ... well more like betrayal.If your idea of Woking in 1898 is a collection of photographs of early 20th Century semi-detached houses badly superimosed into an overgrown field then you wo n't be dissapointed.as a huge fan of the book and an English man , not only am I disapointed , I 'm furious.And that 's quite aside from the outrageous claims that this tripe cost $ 42 million -LRB- I 'd be surprised if it cost $ 42 -RRB- , was shot in this country and has special effects to rival the Matrix.Lies , all of it.This film has been compared to the works of Fritz Lang , David Lynch and even David Lean . Its not really even fit to be mentioned in the same breath as those masters.Alas , the authentic , period set version of Wells tale remains to be seen , here 's hoping Jeff Wayne gets his animated version right.Hines must be stopped before he films again .
 THIS IS THE WORST MOVIE I EVER SAW . ANTHONI 'S `` MUSTACH '' IS NOTISILEY FAKE AND IN CLOSE-UPS CAN BE SEEN SLIPPING DOWN . EVERY SEAN WITH CARIDGES HAS A BACKGROUND THAT NEVE MOVES . THERE IS THE MOST STUPIDEST UN-REASINIBLE SEAN IN WITCH PIANA PUTS A STEACK IN HIS WINE GLASS . THE WRITER AND THE BROTHER ARE PLAYED BY THE SAME PEOLPLE . THE MOVIE CONTAINS THREE HOURS UF RUNNING . TO MAKE A LONG STORY SHORT ITS BLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAW !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I have seen some utter , utter garbage in my time ; I have sat throughflicks by Al Adamson and Ed Wood , I have endured some of the worststudent films of all time and , I 'm proud to say , I even made one of theworst student films of all time but this is from another dimension.Nothing can even begin to describe the stench arising from this pieceof filth . Where can I possibly begin ? The performances are universallyabysmal . I mean amateurish is one thing , the acting in a Timothy Hinesfilm is another . Anthony Piana not only varies between American andAustralian accents but he manages to mix in Scots , Irish , Welsh , NorthYorkshire and Jordie tones as well ; everything except what he issupposed to . James Lanthrop is a joke . I do n't even know where he issupposed to be from . He started the movie with an American accent andslowly graduated to communicating with sounds I never thought any humanbeing was biologically capable of making . Jack Clay plays Ogilvy as ifhe were hard of hearing , always putting his hand to his ear , SHOUTINGand making theatrical gestures ... I could go on but it 's toembarrasingly painful . The special effects deserve mention though ; thereare none . Hilarity ensues from the first frame . The CGI bares absolutelyno interaction between the real elements of the frame , the actors andthe camera movements . Coupled to this is the utter stupidity of thedigital grading ; night , day , sunrise , sunset , nuclear winter , smogpollution and a bad LSD trip are all depicted at anyone time . I ` mguessing Timothy Hines has never been to the UK as he does n't seem toknow that over here , our air is made of Nitrus Oxide too and not , asthe photography in the film would suggest , an Argon/Carbon Dioxide mix.Which brings me to my biggest gripe ; the location work . CGI shots ofLondon show it to be a 14th century village surrounding Big Ben . BigBen is shown as a freestanding structure , which it is not , and neverhas been . Weirdly , the film opens with old silent footage of London anda clear view is afforded of the real Houses of Parliament and Big Ben.God knows why nobody thought to use this as a template . Other concernsare the backgrounds ; sometimes actual `` real world '' locations are used -LRB- well , a field -RRB- , other times very bad blue screen work inserts thecharacters into photoshop backgrounds executed by someone who cannoteven switch on a pocket calculator . At other times , VERY Americanarchitecture can be seen in the background and indeed , most of thecostumes are American in design . Much of the unintentional belly laughscome from the CGI horses , people and vehicles used in wide shots . Thereis a scene of a man running out of a church and getting flipped throughthe air by a martian war machine that will give you bladder problemsfor weeks . Believe me , the Big Ben shot in the trailer is the least thefilms problems . And what happened to such concepts of pace , cutting andlocation changes ? In some sequences we get to see characters walk forten minutes at a time , at others , the transtions are so quick that itis impossible to follow what is going on , even if you have read thebook . I wish I had room here to analyse every frame ; notice how , aftera surprise explosion the Artillery Man throws himself against a doorwith an electric doorbell on it ; all the -LRB- electric ! -RRB- street lamps arethose round American ones instead of the slim , rectangular Britishones ; the soldiers wear uniforms from three different periods ; NOresearch into any aspect of 1890 's period detail , of Britishness , ofmilitary procedure or even of how to actually make a film has beendone at all . Bizarre , pointless things happen . An eternity is spentshowing the Writer and his wife sitting with their friend at a tableand the only thing that happens for five or ten minutes is that theWriter picks up a chocolate with his fork , pops it into his glass , knocks the glass over and then eats the chocolate , all the whilelooking like a pantomime villain in is mad fake moustache , which Pianatakes off for when he plays the Writer 's Brother . This is , beyond anyshadow of a doubt is the worst film ever made anywhere . EVER . I hopeHines is reading this and taking note because someone has to make himunderstand he is incapable of filming wedding videos , let aloneadaptations of classic novels . The whole three hours is nothing morethan a joke . A three hour insult to the general public who purchasethis . Yes , Tim , we Do notice when you use the same extras over and overagain . We CAN tell the backgrounds are fake . We ARE aware that what youmay think is London is in fact some fantasy land out of Harry Potter.And no matter how much frame judder you think is going to make thephotography look filmic , we are quite capable of recognising cheapvideo work when we see it . I have only one thing to say about TimothyHines ; `` Stop Him Before He Films Again !!! ''
 firstly i do not work for , sleep with , are related to , or have met timothy hines . youve obviously guessed this as i havent given it 4 stars + ! I have been a fan of HG WELLS WOTW for over 25 years and was looking fwd to this much more than the tom cruise version . so here are my views : CONSThe worst special effects everThe worst acting everThe worst music everOh and dont forget the moustache -LRB- invite your friends round and run a book on when its going to fall off -RRB- PROSTrue to the bookAccording to one review ON AMAZON it stopped someone becoming a lesbian -LRB- WHAT ???? -RRB- Lots of time to get up to get a beer during the walking around aimlessly scenes -LRB- there is actually over half an hour of pointless walking around in the film , gfriend timed it -RRB- The false moustache did make it thru the film , though there were a few dodgy moments about half way thru -LRB- it was actually fully detached from the face on one side at one point -RRB- Probably the most disapointing thing was the fighting machine thunderchild battle ... . BAD. , though the actors showed very deep emotions in this section -LRB- I believe due to the fact they had recently turned down some more lucrative parts in hair spray adverts -RRB- Mr Bachman -LRB- Steven King -RRB- wrote a short story called the long walk I think mr hines would be the perfect man to produce this .
 I know about the 1975 movie -LRB- The day that panicked America -RRB- made of the 1938 radio broadcast for war of the worlds.I know about the 1953 fiction movie made from Orson Welles book . . And I know about the audio cd 's from the radio broadcast.But I am not looking for either of those . . When I was a kid , I remember watching a black and white version of the 1975 remake and I have not been able to find it . I was wondering if anyone would know anything about this , because anything else is just clips of the documentary . I know that I had to have viewed it in either the late 50 's or early 60 's . Any information on it would really be appreciated.thank you , Lynda
 I am a great fan of the War of The Worlds Story and Timothy Hines undertook a tremendous effort to release his film , albeit too hastily . I suspect that with the pressure of Steven Spielberg 's high budget redo of this story he forced the movie into the market place prematurely ; He should have waited to bring his vision to the screen with a better budget.If one can view this movie from the perspective of a person with very little money trying to bring a dream to life it can be appreciated from that perspective . It is very low budget and at times tedious , as there was very little editing to bring certain scenes to the point more quickly . Also , Mr. Hines employs a schizophrenic use of an old film jerky effect in addition to overexposure glare effects in an effort to hide repetitive scenery and CGI effects that did n't quite work . It appears that he tried to make poor production quality look `` arty '' but succeeded in lowering the overall appeal of the film.However , there are a few moving moments when the acting is pretty good especially towards the climax of the film . If the viewer can allow their imagination to fill in what his budget would n't allow , this movie is enjoyable . There are some nice CGI effects of the War Machines and the Aliens are very strange.As I said I am a fan of the story and I appreciate the tremendous effort that Timothy Hines put forth in producing this movie . Upon reviewing the credits at the end , the actors and extras were the largest number of production personnel . Mr. Hines and a scant few people to work with and did achieve some flashes of greatness with the film . Those unable to appreciate individual effort , which are looking for highly produced , perfectly edited flawless production will hate this movie .
 When I first heard about this film I would visit Pendragon 's web site every day in anticipation of the movies release . I was disapointed when the release date was put back , but encouraged when I discovered the delay was in order to improve the special effects . Pendragon was promoting an epic to rival the production of the Lord of the Rings.When the movie was released I had to import a copy from the USA as it 's not available in the UK.The movie follows the book very close , but those extra special effects are the worst I 've ever seen . They are not just low budget they have been produced with the least effort . Dr Who in the 70 's at least attempted to make what you saw believable!The begining of the movie is very detailed and the end of it is thrown together . As the movie goes on the effects get worse . Please read some of the other reviews . I 'm afraid the bad ones tell it like it is !
 I had been keeping an eye out for this one and kept visiting the Pendragon Pictures web site for updates , and being a huge fan of the book I was hoping for a reasonable film . Ooooh how wrong I was.The trailers on the web site looked bad but I though they were pre-production and would be cleaned up and the special effects made , well , better than something from the ` Money For Nothing ' video . I should have realised it was going to be bad when it went straight to DVD for $ 10 -LRB- which is about 6 !!!! -RRB- , but I did ` nt expect it to be this bad . Its 3 hours long and thats 2hr 59mins too long.I can forgive the special effects to a certain degree , but as for the English accents , oh dear lord I have never heard anything so bad . At one point there is a bloke talking in his god awful Engerlish accent I could not understand a word he said , it was even worse than Dick Van Dyke in Meery Poppins . The main character looks very much like Freddy Mercury and I was just waiting for his fake moustache to fall off . The tripods are very very bad and if anybody has listened to the Jeoff Wayne musical , you will know how disturbing the ` Uuuuulaaaah ' sound is . The tripods in the pendragon film make a sort of high pitched squeaking noise , which is hardly a menacing sound for an invading alien race.At one point there are two women in a horse drawn cart , but for some reason they are using one of those tiny minature horses !!!! It was obviously cheaper than a full size horse.The only good thing I can say is that it does stay loyal to the book.In a nutshell , its bad ... its very very bad . Watch this film and you 'll never be able to say a bad thing about any other film !!! I have rated this with 1 star , but that was only because you cant have 0 stars .
 When I first saw the trailer for this movie I thought , Yes!It 's gon na be good . Then I found out that the trailer was thebest part of the film . For nearly 3 hours of torture sittngthere watching this movie , Desprate effects , wooden acting , why did they make this movie ? . I could write more about thisreview but it 's not worth going on . Avoid at all costs !! -LRB- watch out for my copy on ebay -RRB- Get your hands on the 1953Classic .
 I really wanted to like this movie , but it repeatedly denied me that pleasure . Its 180 minute runtime could easily have been shortened to a more tolerable 120 minutes by trimming out all of the pointless dramatic pauses and excess footage of people running , walking , and otherwise milling around -LRB- not to mention all of the pointless dialog -RRB- . Even if you can find your way through all the boring dialog , overlook the main character 's fake mustache -LRB- it almost stares back at you ! -RRB- , and annoyances induced by the plethora of false backgrounds , amateur effects & film-school-drop-out editing , you 'll still find yourself bothered by the jumpy/jittery playback evident in almost every scene as if the movie were playing back on an underpowered computer with a painfully slow hard drive .
 Look carefully before you buy . Trying to pass itself off as the Spielberg version , this is just a bad home movie made by idiots . Save your money .
 this film could have been exeptional if it were n't for the useless effects and soap opera style acting . the designs for the fighting machine were excellent but lacked convincing movement . the martians looked as scary as the teletubbies . if only mr. hines could have afforded a bigger budget , he would have done a better job -LRB- good effort -RRB- . the only saving grace of the film is that it stuck to the original diologue.still i must add that my five year old son thought it was great .
 Do n't pay any attention to all the obviously fake rave reviews for this piece of junk . I have n't read so much over-the-top lavish praise laid on so thick for some the finest movies ever made , let alone this miserable failure.How many different people do you think are all going to use the same phrases `` it 's like a painting ! '' , `` it is n't a cookie-cutter Hollywood video game '' , or `` if you like David Lynch , you 'll love this ! '' -LRB- whatever the heck that 's supposed to mean -RRB- . These ridiculous `` reviews '' are as much an insult to our intelligence as the movie itself .
 Before I say what I thought about this movie , I would like to say that I have been looking forward to this particular version of The War of the Worlds ever since I heard about it last year . I was very excited to hear that a movie that would closely follow H.G. Wells ' book was being made.It is with some pain that I have to say what I thought about the movie
 I only gave this film one star as it is the worst film ever made . I purchased this DVD as i was seduced by the thought of an accurate retelling of H G Wells book . I refused to believe the reviews . The reviewers where correct , the film is truely awful.It is almost worth watching for this reason alone . It has the worst actors , the worst dialogue , the worst editing , the worst producing , the worst script and the worst special effects of any film ever made.The actors use the worst accents i have ever heard , straight from Mary Poppins . In one sentence one actor manages to go from a geordie to a Irish , then to a Scotish and then finally settling back to an `` olde '' english accent . Truely poor.The film was so obviously filmed in America , even though the storey is based in England . The Train station is my favorite.One actor plays 2 characters , how does the directer think he can carry this off ??? Easy , put on an obvious false mustache.There are large parts of the film where the lead character is just walking , no dialogue nothing . Just walking down country lanes.I could go on and on about this film but i guess it would sound like a rant . I am surprised that anything like this could ever be released . If I was cynical I might say that this was released before it was finished a couple of years early to take advantage of Mr Speilbergs efforts at retelling Mr Wells story.I must admit that there is a certain monty python charm to this film , but do you really want to buy a film where the only entertainment is laughing at the cast and directer?It may be tempting to want to own the worst film ever made . But PLEASE do n't buy this film as it will only encourage those who made it to make more !!!!!!!!!!!
 I thought I was a devote of all versions of H.G. Wells ' War of the Worlds , until now.Timothy Hines has never shot a frame that he did n't love . To prove this to us all , anything and everything that his meager stock film budget allowed has been preserved in this absolute mess of a classic story.I was prepared for low budget and was not disappointed , however I never thought that I would have to endure the actual length of the entire Martian invasion watching actors who ca n't act edited by an editor who ca n't edit , directed by a director who apparently is not of this earth.I actually want my money back but strongly think that Timothy Hines should deliver it personally since he stole so much time from my life with this drivel.There are so many flaws with this film that it is destined to share shelf space with the worst of the worst until mankind is wiped from the face of the earth.Please do not think that this film is camp . It is crap . Save the planet by starting with giving the price of this DVD to SETI and we will all be better off . You have been warned .
 This production is nothing more than a cheap , shot on home video knock off to cash in on the wave of interest created by the Spielberg version.This `` movie '' is long , boring and totally inept . Tim Hines , the maker of this steaming pile of crud is posting fake positive review after fake positive review to deceive prospective buyers . If you go ahead and buy it , you will be sorry .
 Having already seen the new Speilberg version of War of the Worlds , I brought this hoping for a more original storyline , and to a degree it is , But ! the quality of the acting and special effects and the format in which the film has been made really does n't do the original story justice . If H G Wells saw this I think he would turn in his grave .
 I must say after viewing Timothy Hine 's War of the Worlds that I am very disappointed . While the film is undoubtedly a labor of love , it looks like a labor of love done on a circa 1998 Macintosh in someones basement . I was frankly expecting a much more big-budget look to this film based on some of the hype prior to its release . Instead , we are treated to very cheesy and often gratuitous special effects that often seem to bear no relation to reality , and actually pale to special effects done in films of the 50 's . The level of realism is computer-gamish at best , with fires that have no smoke and do n't seem to burn anything , people burned to skeletons that writhe about after they are dead , -LRB- not to mention have a sheen to them -RRB- , and cannons that emit no smoke when fired , and are also missing the teams of horses that would pull them . Indeed the historical and continuity errors in this film could fill a fair sized book , I expect ... its obvious that technical advice was sorely lacking . While I was expecting something of a stylized look to the film , it is so inconsistent as to be downright confusing at times . The strange filtering and tinting in some scenes seems to be an intentional artifice , but the atrocious color-matching in other scenes seems to completely obviate the effort . While the Martians and their machines have an interesting look , the quality of the animation is jerky and poor , once again much like a circa-1998 computer game . England in 1898 seems strangly empty , with featureless CG streets and buildings , groups of houses that seem to be adjacent to wilderness areas , and battleships with no crew . The sequence where the Thunder Child warship battles the martians is terribly bungled , the animated ships are comical , traveling without wakes at impossible velocities , firing guns with no one manning them ... all in all , quite embarrassing . Much of the footage of the actors is confined to them reacting to off-camera action while placed against a CG background ... even some of the interiors seem to be matted in ... is it really so hard to film simple interiors ? As I think someone else here pointed out , many of the scenes with CG effects end up looking like outtakes or mockups for the real shot ... but they are the real shot ... The night scenes all seem to be shot during the day with a blue filter ... I thought this went out with low budget films in the 60 's ? And you may need to get the motion sickness pills out during any scene where the camera pans ... it pans in steps so jerky my girlfriend was getting dizzy watching it ... Then there is the terrible editing ... we are treated to about an hour of extraneous footage of people running through grasslands , down empty roads , and through the same groups of trees for no clear reason , except to impress upon us in a very heavy handed way that this was before the age of the car and if you wanted to get somewhere you had to walk -LRB- or run , judging by the amount of jogging around in this film , apparently everyone in Victorian England was a marathon class runner , even women in long dresses and high heeled boots -RRB- . Indeed the film gets off to a very slow start indeed , with a huge amount of time devoted to Ogilvie climbing in and out of the Martian cylinder 's pit over and over again ... what is the purpose of this ? There are serious issues with the sound mix as well , I found it difficult to understand much of the dialogue , as it is mixed so low in comparison to the music ... during the narrated parts I was looking for subtitles , but found none . Admittedly , the film adheres quite closely to the book , and takes most of its dialogue verbatim , but the internal conversations that happen within a written story do n't always make for compelling on-screen speech , and the turn-of-the-century prose sounds rather stilted at times . While most of the actors are at least competent , its pretty obvious that some of them are < ahem > friends or relatives of someone . I suppose I should stop criticizing this film , I know the guy put alot of effort into it , but it 's obvious he bit off much more than he could chew . < sigh >
 I was so looking forward to the arrival of this DVD , within 20 minutes of the opening credits I was wondering why ! This without doubt is one of the worst films I have ever seen . I can only wonder what poor Mr Tim Hines was trying to achieve.The film itself did follow the original book quite well . However , the acting , editing , filming and special effects were terrible . The tripods were amazing , they could actually walk through a forrest without disturbing a single leaf , the Thunder Child scene was pianfully funny , the ship looked like she was made of Lego and the whole scene looked like it was done on a home computer , an old one at that . I am a WOFW fan but this film has not done the orignal book any favours . Perhaps the re-edited version of the film will be better , but I have my doubts !
 I really , really wanted to like this film . I eagerly anticipated its release over many long months of following the press releases and snapped up a copy the moment it hit the shelf at a local department store . The verdict?Quite simply
 I am fascinated by why such an obviously bad movie would elicit so many reviews
 A miracle this thing actually got released . You almost have to work at making a movie this bad . Nothing I can say will do it justice . I simply ca n't decide which aspect is worse between the acting , the effects or the shockingly poor timing and drawn out scenes . I give credit for the concept - to FINALLY make a true-to-the-novel version , but the anticipation of such a thing made watching this one that much more bitter . Absolutely painful experience.Went to my Amazon `` Wish List '' for this but unfortunately , there 's no `` Wish I never bought this '' button .
 ... Wait , you mean they actually charge money for this ? I thought that some college kid got his buddies together to make a class project . Of course , no class project takes 3 hours to watch -- I 'm sorry , but after 2 hrs , I went off to watch the Caine Mutiny and let my kids finish the ordeal.I picked this DVD at my local library , thinking I 'd get a faithful period rendition of the H.G. Wells novel , and I was n't disappointed . I did n't expect to have Freddy Mercury for a hero , but I have no doubt it was him barely resurrected , especially 15 + minutes of this -LRB- surprisingly hirsute -RRB- guy shirtless in a meadow with the handsome blonde , slightly effete and largely neurotic clergyman . The 3-hr running time , ambiguously gay shirtless meadow scene and endless hungry scene in the basement of the wrecked house certainly evince the DVD package description of `` devastating effect . '' Interesting `` cinematography '' being used here , if you are a film student.While I 'm certain that the guys at Rifftrax.com are in no danger of running out of movies to blast , this one should go directly to the top of their project list .
 It has all been said before , but bottom-line is : This is an amateur effort -LRB- think Star Wars Fan Film -RRB- that should have never been marketed as an actual theatrical release.While I applaud the effort of the people involved striving to create a faithful adaptation of the original source material , not just making it a period piece , but keeping almost all details intact , this is also one of the weaknesses of the production . Poor acting , Very poor CGI and practical effects , accompany a glacial pace that may be suitable for a late 1800 's era novel , but never for a film.Save your time and money for almost any other pursuit , including re-reading H.G. Wells ' novel itself .
 - I liked when the dog came into the demolished house and the manwas trying to coax it in . It left and the man felt so lonely.But then , he realized it was safe to go outside . - I liked near the end when the guy was coming down the road andthen the walker was coming by and he crouched down and watched itpass in fright . It looked cool to me and it crashed right througha nearby home ; that was a favourite scene . - the skeletons moving even though they had nothing on them wassilly - it took forever for that thing to unscrew from the capsule - one minute it was raining ; the next it was sunny -LRB- for example -RRB- - far too-much lone walking/running . - color schemes very uncomfortable - nice music score - I 'll keep this because it 's not available any longer and might besought-after -LRB- somehow -RRB- in the future - truthfully , I did n't even know until now that the original novelwas set in the late 1890 's ... so , I 'll be getting a copy - Originally , this was n't even going to be set in the same timeperiod as the novel . Would it have been better then?Ultimately , it was too long but I thought it was okay watching it around the autumn season . I got mine for about $ 3 at a yard sale .
 After more then a century , here at last is the first period set version of the classic novel The War Of The Worlds . Now you would think that a s hour long version of the classic novel would be a good thing . But what this film is instead is one of the most badly acted , poorly done , and overly faithful films ever made.Now the film has two things going for it . The first being that it is a straight adaptation of the novel . This is a plus for fans of the original novel who 've been waiting forever for an actual adaptation of the novel . The script is incredibly faithful to the novel though it uses some things too much and uses some things -LRB- like the Writer in the ruins of London -RRB- too little . The other plus is the film 's music . Jamie Hall produced a terrific score to the film . The music perfectly fits the scenes it is used in and whenever in appears it boosts the film considerably.But these are only a small part of the film . And they ca n't save it from its greatest faults . Between the horrible acting , terrible CGI effects , and a massive length , this film is a complete and utter disaster . Allow me to explain further : The acting in the film is terrible to say the least . The performances are uninspired and while the actors suit their roles physically , they never do seem to be able to get into their characters . The acting in the scene when the Martains first use the heat ray is laughable not only because of the bad special effects but because of the bad acting . The fact that all of the characters are British with obvious American accents is further proof of the low budget nature of the film.The special effects are CGI and bad CGI at that . The scene in which The Writer and his Wife are looking up into the night sky is the first of many examples I can think of . The use of CGI to create cities is laughable and incredibly obvious . The constant use of the same extras in scenes showing chaos in cities is another piece of proof of the low budget . And let 's not forget the Martains ! Instead of being as terrifying as the people in the film made it seem , it is a bad piece of CGI and laughable to say the least.The film 's length is another issue . A lot of the film is spent walking . There is a constant amount of walking in the film is astronomical and slows the film down to lee then a snail 's pace . A ton of the film could have been cut out to make it shorter and maybe even better.Overall this is a disaster . I reccomend this only if you 're a die-hard Welles fan in search of a straight adaptation of the novel then this is the film for you . Or maybe if you are a fan of the really , really bad 1950 's sci-fi films . Otherwise avoid this film and the three hours of your life you will lose to it .
 First of all , I 'm not affiliated with anyone , so I have no axe to grind here . The Cruise movie is gon na make a ton of dough , and I never heard of Tim Hines . I read all the scuttlebutt about the flick , but bought it anyway 'cause I 'm a WOTW fan , and I 'm looking forward to the new one this week . Hey , this thing only cost me eight bucks at Walmart , so I figured , what the heck , let me check this thing out . I had heard it runs over 3 hours , so I made sure I put this thing on early in the evening , just to watch half of it on the first day . So here 's what I thought : This movie begins with a lot of dialogue . Make that a lot , lot , lot of dialog , which does n't portend well for the rest of the film . Yes , the special effects are the kind from ` Forbidden Planet ' or the first WOTW movie -LRB- which was a more entertaining movie -RRB- . At times I thought the effects were kinda cool in a retro 60 's sci-fi kind kind of way . Sometimes the dialog did not match the mouth movement , which I thought was kinda odd . But man , there was just so much talking , talking , talking ... . Just because it 's a faithful adaptation of the original material , do n't they still have a mandate to be entertaining?I thought the skeletons thrashing around after death was cool . The low-grade effects actually work for the movie , because without them , it would truly be a challange to sit thru this thing . The movie almost works better as a ` background noise ' kind of thing ; not the type of flick you would actually sit down and watch , but if you put it on while you 're doing the laundry or cleaning the house , you can actually get up and leave it for 10 minutes and not miss a thing!Yes , the horseless carriage reared it 's ugly head , and the matte backgrounds were very obvious . Some parts of this seem to come across as a cheap , silent movie from the '20s -LRB- or was it the 30 's ? I dunno , it was before my time -RRB- . I hate to trash this flick , because I know the genuine intent and effort were there , but if you 're going to make a movie with no budget , then ` fer chrissakes , make a damn love story , not a ` war machines from outer space ' movie . The catering budget on the Cruise flick probably cost more than to make this flick . Yes , there was endless walking ` thru the woods which gets very tidious , and at three hours , this thing could have been edited down to two hours which would have made it a tighter movie with more forward motion . I actually found myself fast-forwarding just to get to something interesting . Give Tim Hines credit
 This is probably the worst and most boring `` film '' I have ever seen . It is so incredibly bad that it is just bad.It looks like it was shot on a home video camera by a chimpanze.This was clearly put out by the distributor in hopes that people would confuse it with the Spielberg production . I see no other reason for this piece of garbage to have seen the light of day . The people who give this `` film '' high marks must have been watching a different movie or be friends with Tim Hines the director . From what I can tell Hines is such an untalented pretentious hack that it boggles the imagination . Some may think this film is so bad it is good . Do yourself a favor , do n't waste your time . Stay home and watch some paint dry instead .
 * Thanks , everybody ! Due in large part to your reviews I have decided to heed your warnings and skip past this `` turkey '' ! Because of your `` common consensus , '' as it were , `` curiousity '' will by no means kill THIS particular `` cat '' ! Yes , I felt the very powerful urge to experience this version of `` WotW , '' especially after -LRB- 1 -RRB- - hearing repeatedly how amazingly `` faithful '' this version was to Mr. Wells ' original vision and -LRB- 2 -RRB- - having been SEVERELY DISAPPOINTED -LRB- to ` gag-reflex ' levels -RRB- by Steven Spielberg 's drippy-syrupy , happy-sappy , and completely illogical abomination of the same source material -LRB- replete with the otherwise lovely & talented Dakota Fanning 's irritating `` Screaming Mimi '' performance -RRB- . So despite all of the `` warnings '' about the `` bad acting , '' the `` bad editing , '' the `` bad cinematography , '' and the `` bad special effects , '' I still played around with the idea that its faithfulness to the original story would more than make up for all of this film 's many production faults -- or that I could at least overlook such faults , as I often am capable of doing when presented with an entriguing-enough story to involve myself in -LRB- `` Sleepaway Camp , '' anyone ? -RRB- . But the more I read of your reviews , the more doubts I began to have , until it led me to do the ONE thing I had yet to do -- VIEW THE TRAILERS ! Therefore allow me , please , to repeat EVERYTHING which has repeatedly been expressed throughout these reviews based solely on my observation of the three `` theatrical '' trailers I viewed of this movie : * less-than-impressive cinematography * stale/wooden -LRB- read
 Cheap no-quality knock-off of Spielberg 's film with bad actors shot on low quality video tape . Goes on forever . Save your money and buy the book .
 When I heard about this one I was really hoping it was going to be well done . I know they had no budget . . or a really low one ... but some really amazing things can be done , provided you know your limitations . Unfortunately , they seemed to think they could pull off more than they wound up being able to.I mean ... there are programs for the pc that are well under $ 400 that could pull off more dazzling special effects than what they wound up doing here.Anyway . There are people willing to forgive the effects , but . . in this age , with effects being able to be created quite cheaply -LRB- if you do n't believe me , check out some of the fanfilms done for next to no cash at all on theforce.net ... or some of the sample films created using Animation : Master -RRB- it just comes off looking like the effects were almost an afterthought , thrown in with little regard to how well they meshed into a scene.Also , they tended to overuse either the same footage of the main character crossing a particular field , stretch of woods , etc. . . or they just shot him over and over from slightly different angles trying -LRB- with little effort , it seems -RRB- to give the impression that it was a different place.And ... Shots of a horse and carriage animation . . way overused . Not to mention the ` army ' animations ... blech.The acting ... was not impressive at all . One can make up for a lack of budget . . and suspension of disbelief . . if the actors can carry it ... unfortunately . . it just did n't work out that way.It really looked like , in most of the scenes , that they were filming the line reading rehearsal . . and just thought . . eh . . that 'll work . . why reshoot it ? < chuckle > Some movies are really so bad that you want others to see it , just so you wo n't be alone in having witnessed it ... this is * almost * that bad ... . In the end tho , it 's actually just kinda painful .
 I 'm not saying there are n't worse , just that I 've not seen them . Love the paranoid reviews from people boosting the film here - like Steven Spielberg and Tom Cruise need to worry about this crud ! The only guy who 's rep this threatens is Ed Wood , but even Plan 9 is better than this , and it 's got better effects !!!
 I followed the hype there was and eagerly anticipated the release of this movie . Pre-ordered the DVD when it was announced that this movie was going straight to disc . Whoa ! I was stunned in disappointment . * I think I know what happened , though . When it was discovered that there were others simultaneously creating WOTW movies and all chance of getting a last minute budget infusion evaporated ... this DVD is what remains . A movie devoid of proper computer effects rendering and film editing . The footage was n't edited into a theatrically distributable form . * Out of a love of the original idea , nearly everything usable that was shot simply got added onto the disc . `` Take 1 , take 2 , take 3 ... '' they 're all included ad nauseam . * Just a little more time , editing and -LRB- of course -RRB- money could have saved this thing from being the lamentable epic that it is . Embarrassing to watch , really ... I 'm NOT kidding . Resurrection anyone ? Peter Jackson ? * This just in , there 's a new `` Classic '' edit of this movie on DVD as of December 2006 ! Search for `` Classic War of the Worlds '' ... If you have to see/buy this , I 'd recommend the latest `` Classic '' edit . I give it another star . -LRB- : ^ -RRB-
 This is billed as the first really faithful version of Wells classic novel . It 's certainly very different and I learned a lot . Namely -1 . Wells ' novel is not set in Woking , England , but in Washington State2 . The narrator is not a writer but a Freddie Mercury impersonator years ahead of his time3 . Waterloo Station , London looks just like Seattle4 . No-one could talk with a proper English accent in England5 . The Martian war machines are not solid , so they are able to float through water without disturbing it6 . London was a medieval village7 . It 's entire population was one woman , but she committed suicide8 . Big Ben is lighter than air9 . Martians look like blancmange10 . Even in the middle of the night , the sun shines very , very brightly
 I normally like sci-fi films and TV and can even enjoy B-movie films and programmes . But believe me this DVD is the worst film you will ever see . It has terrible acting - the actor playing Wells looks like a bandit and sound too weedy and carries no authority in the part . And the CGI is the worst you 'll ever see - a 3 yeard old kid and an old PC could produce better . Please save your money or give it to charity - just do n't buy this DVD ! I 've already binned my copy ; I would n't even give it away as it 's that bad .
 It 's the best work the amateur volunteers workshop has ever done with over 2 weeks experience ! With over twelve dollars budget for special effects , and nearly double that for costumes . Acting so good you will swear their features are carved in wood . It 's better than `` Ishtar '' and `` Plan 9 From Outer Space '' ! -LRB- Well , maybe not quite that good -RRB- . It 's perfect for collectors who like this stuff ! Do n't fail to miss it if you can ! Antidotes are being concocted as you read this ! Totally faithful to the book , but the author is still spinning in his grave . The story beats the Speelburg movie by miles , but it just flops otherwise .
 I really wanted to enjoy this film because it 's a faithful adaptation of the novel . I was prepared for it being low budget and not having state of the art effects but I could n't believe just how bad it is and what a shoestring budget it must have been made on . The CGI work is poor and looks like it was done on a PC by people who do n't know how to do film effects . The rendering was bad and lacking in detail , and why they did n't use models in some parts instead is a mystery - in fact CGI seems to have been used for almost everything apart from the actors , the countryside , and a few real building props and backdrops . Okay , the design of the alien machines was n't bad but the execution of the CGI effects was . What should have been a highlight of the film in the Thunderchild sequence was more like a bad joke . Saying that , the desanguination sequences with the cow and opera singer are even worse.The editting is nothing short of bizarre in some places . There 's a scene with the journalist and his wife supposedly in the woods at night and looking at the stars . The camera then pans to the characters who are in the woods in full daylight ! Either use a filter or do a night shoot . Alas , the list of problems does n't stop there . The acting was poor on the whole , the actors were obviously not English , the locations were obviously America and not England , the use of blue screen was so extensive as to be distracting , and some effects were just plain silly like the writhing skeletons . Need I go on ?! Seriously , the only positive thing about this film is that it 's close to the book and set in the right time period . It does n't engage the watcher and even though it contains dramatic scenes it does n't convey that sense very well . I have to wonder why if the budget was so small and the effects people were so bad why Timothy Hines actually made the film . He should n't have bothered .
 When I first heard that this movie was going to be coming out , I was very enthusiastic about it . This is a fantastic concept , doing WotW just as Wells wrote it , and I eagerly anticipated seeing it . That feeling , as it turned out , was entirely misplaced . I turned it off when it got to the scene where the Narrator has the accident with the dog-cart , when the horse got spooked by seeing a Martian fighting machine in the midst of the thunderstorm.The biggest problem here is that these are some of the cheesiest special effects I have ever seen , other than in the Doctor Who TV serials . Unlike the Doctor Who series , this story is not saved by intelligent scripting and good acting.I can tolerate a certain amount of lack of realism when it comes to the `` sci-fi '' parts of a film -- it 's difficult to realistically depict things that do not exist in our mundane world . In this film , though , I began to be uneasy very close to the beginning , when the Narrator and his wife are walking through a sun-dappled -LRB- ! -RRB- landscape , and are looking at the stars in the sky -- it took me a little while to realize that this was supposed to be night-time ! I was n't impressed by the rainstorm that looked like a snowfall , either . This really is the worst feature of the film , the fact that the special effects are not even up to the standards of realism of the year 1950 , let alone 2005 . It is in my opinion ridiculous that the 1953 George Pal production of WotW would have better special effects than this movie , but that is indeed the case.As for the acting -LRB- and , by implication , the directing -RRB- , this reminded me of something made-for-TV . I was really annoyed by the characterization of Ogilvy ; I have no idea why the character was written this way for the film , but he came off as a bad example of a stereotyped scientist in a children 's TV show . I became glad that he gets killed off early in the story after about two minutes of him on-screen , because it was painful to watch this low-talent ham acting.The other characters were not as badly portrayed , but none of them seemed to have what I would think of as `` presence . '' I suppose that they must have been paid the actorly equivalent of minimum wage -- and , as in anything , you get what you pay for.Another thing I always pay attention to when watching a film is the soundtrack . This film 's soundtrack sounds cheap and generic , and at points is actually reminiscent of a TV sitcom . I personally prefer a minimalist approach to a soundtrack -- to hear what I mean , watch the 1970 version of Get Carter , starring Michael Caine , or any Stanley Kubrick film , and listen . The minimalist approach to soundtrack music is especially useful when it 's a low-budget project , as in Get Carter -LRB- In that case , I think the producers had to throw out the soundtrack in order to pay Michael Caine -- and this was indeed what I 'd call wise budgeting ! -RRB- . My final thought for this review is that the producers of this film should not have wasted their money in this fashion . A project of this sort is extremely ambitious -- in this case , bringing a true-to-the-author 's - vision rendition of one of the greatest science fiction stories ever written to the screen -- and it strikes me that this is one of those things you either spend at least $ 50 million on , or do n't attempt at all . I do n't know what the actual budget was , but for this money they probably could have made a nice little movie that people would have liked , and that would have gotten them ahead in their careers . What they actually got was an abomination and an atrocity , a total waste of time , money , and effort . I seriously doubt that participation in this project will look good on anyone 's resume .
 There are worse films than this . Not any worse H.G. Wells films , though . It makes Food of the Gods look good , and that 's not easy . I have n't read the book and could n't care less if its faithful or not . I do care about it being so boring and clumsily made . Only the composer seems to know his job , everyone else is very bad at theirs . But there are a few moments that are n't so bad and maybe it would have been better shorter . Weirdest thing is how much ordinary stuff like doors and animals is computer effects . This is just stupid . The real thing would be cheaper and look better . This just wastes money that should have been spent on the very bad Martian machine effects . But it was just about watchable enough for me to finish it . And as an amateur picture on a Blair Witch budget or less I guess I have to give them some credit for enthusiasm . Just do n't take that as a reason to buy it . Rent it if you can and if you must see it and spend the money you saved on the 1953 version .
 This is heartbreakingly awful . Done by amateurs with amateurish results . From someone who really wanted this to be worthwhile I can only express my total disappointment . This should be used in film school as a textbook account of how not to make a film .
 A little backstory before I review . In preparation for the release of the new Paramount War of the Worlds I decided to read the novel that the movie is based on . I enjoyed the book and knew that there was an older version of the movie out . While grabbing some things at Wal-Mart I saw The War of the Worlds on the shelf and bought it thinking it was the old one.Boy , was I wrong.Bearing in mind that I 've only read the book once ; I could see the painful lengths the director went through to ensure that the film was completely faithful to the source material . It is sad to say that is one of the few positive remarks I have about the movie.For people who do n't know the story it is a classic invasion movie . The Humans sitting fat , content , and comfortable on top of the world are suddenly knocked to the bottom of the food chain as Martains start arriving and cutting a swath through the countryside of late 1800 's England . The story centers mostly on the main character -LRB- who is without name . -RRB- as he wanders about trying to survive . I wo n't spoil the ending on the movie -LRB- or book -RRB- . The acting in the movie was sub-par . With the exception of the soldier whom the main character runs into I do n't think a single one of them stood out . The movie is set in England , but the accents are terrible . The production could have benefited from a dialect coach . The main character was written without a name , in my opinion , so that he could really be any one of us . For this movie to be successful I felt I needed to be put in the main character 's shoes . The attempt was valiant , but fell short of the mark.Most of the effects are bad , but I do n't think they 're so aweful that the film is unwatchable . Everything just seems rushed and not well thought out . The budget for the film must have been spent elsewhere because adding the CGI elements with real footage looked bad , and fully rendered scenes looked even worse . Green screen fuzz around some of the female characters hair is a good example of the effects not being well planned.Where the film suffers the most is editing and directing . At a running time of about three hours it manages to almost bore you to sleep with the many scenes of the main character wandering the countreyside . The best example of the poor editing is the sequence where the Martains square off against a British battleship with helpless people watching from a ferry . The battle -LRB- which itself is perhaps the worse effects in the movie -RRB- is intercut with reaction shots from the cast . Another shot of the battle and another reaction shot . This is rinsed and repeated several times.This film suffers because of it 's greatest triumph . In making a straight adaptation of the book , the film becomes too long and bulky . Money spent on more film and time spent on the filming could have been redirected into streamlining the more important aspects of the movie . There is only so much wandering you need to see before you get it.The real monsters in this film are n't Martians ; its the long running time and poor editing/directing . If you love the book , rent this and give it a look as you may appreciate the straight adaptation . I only recommend this movie to the die-hards , and I do n't even recommend that they buy it . I rate The War of the Worlds at one star , but add another for the attempt of making a faithful piece .
 Here 's my quick review : I was going to make a long review of Tim Hines / Pendragon Film 's H.G. Wells ' War of the Worlds . But you know what ? Trash does n't take that long to review.No do n't get me wrong I do n't mind a `` good '' B Sci-Fi flick . Heck I settle for C and D ones every now and then , < grin > , but this is more like a Y or Z flick.I am a fan of the old classic Sci-Fi films like `` The Day the Earth Stood Still '' , `` Earth Vs. The Flying Saucers '' , `` The Thing '' , and the Pal version of `` War o the Worlds '' . So as you can see I do n't let bad FX keep me from enjoying the movie . Also I try not to let bad acting but good FX not let me enjoy it one either.But Mr. Hine 's flick has neither in my opinion . The effects could have been done by ANY , and I do stress ANY first year graphic artist . My pre-teen nephews could do about as good with Microsoft Paint.Examples
 I 'll avoid commenting on the various personal attacks and innuendo that have been directed at Mr. Hines himself . The internet being what it is , it 's hard to separate fact from rumor sometimes . It 's not neccesary , however , to delve into accusations in regards to Mr. Hines character in order to pan his version of War of the Worlds . It 's admirable that he set out to do the story in its original form , and attempted to deliver the first faithful adaptation of H.G. Well 's seminal novel . Unfortunately , what he 's ultimately delivered just might be the worst film of the decade . The story 's there , that much can be said . But practically none of the other elements come together to properly service it . The acting and cinematography are so ametuerish that it 's hard to believe that Mr. Hines has had a career behind the camera , even in television commercials . Frames strain and quiver to contain the simplest of motions , at times , and in others the picture quality looks barely above that of consumer level home video . The musical score alone has been praised but it 's so over-bearingly loud in the film that it begins to grate the nerves . And then comes the matter of the dialogue track , the actors seem muted , as if we 're listening to them with ears packed with gauze . One screening of this by its director should have prompted a new sound mix prior to release.And now , to the special effects . Mr. Hines depends heavily on CGI to tell his story , which would have been fine had the graphics not been so incompetently crafted . And early scene of the `` narrator '' driving his horse and buggy at night with a computer matted background is a grim harbinger of things to come . If Mr. Hines ca n't convincingly potray a horse and buggy ride , how can he hope to depict an alien invasion with towering Martian tripods laying waste to turn of the Century England ? Witness the battle between a pair of Martian tripods and the `` Thunder Child '' warship . To see it is to see awfulness in its purest form.In this mind-numbingly long three hour feature , one sequence alone stands out as being relatively effective . The `` narrator '' and a priest are trapped beneath the rubble of a house demolished by a landing Martian cylinder . The desperation and horror the two men experience there is fairly well communicated , despite the limitations of the production . If only that could be said for more of this film.Mr . Hines ca n't complain . He realized his life long dream of making `` War of the Worlds '' , and though it failed to secure theatrical distribution , it got a fairly wide video release . He had a good opportunity , and unfortunately , he squandered it .
 I 'm sorry , but even with so many people trying so hard to state the positive about this film , it is pants . To my mind , nothing works . The feeble attempt to give a feel of pre-war films with colour & jerkiness just looks like an error with the DVD formatting . There is no acting in this film - I ca n't believe any actor is so bad , so it must have been intended . Why ?!!! I do not believe that the film was edited at all - the irrelevant footage left in all through it is mind numbing - how many times do you see the same people going back and forth in the woods or stumbling up and down the slope of the crater in the first half hour ? The special effects are dreadful - even on a low budget , technology today can do better than black lines around the superimposed images and fire looking like it has been drawn on badly afterwards . Too long as well . This film reminded me of `` Plan 9 From Outer Space '' - except that Plan 9 was more entertaining .
 I bought this version after reading that it closely followed the plot of the book , but after watching about 45 minutes , I decided I could take no more . The `` choppy '' quality of the video was quite distracting , and even easy scenes to shoot , like a man walking down a path , appear to have been digitally done , and poorly at that . The special effects are perhaps the worst I 've seen since the fifties.All in all I would say this is comparable in quality to a project done by college students using amateur equipment and methods.It is one of the few DVDs I have thrown in the trash after purchasing . It is really THAT bad !
 I bought this based on favorable reviews from Amazon users . Boy , was I disappointed . While I did enjoy the fact that it was the most faithful adaptation of the book , the stiff acting , editing -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- , and dreadful special effects render the film nigh-unwatchable . It is also extremely slow-paced . Honestly , this film looks worse than most college student-produced movies I have seen . The special effiects , and even the actors , resemble cardboard cut-outs on sticks being waved around -LRB- absolutely the worst mise-en-scene I have ever seen - below even Ed Wood 's standards -RRB- . Do yourself a favor , and read Well 's novel if you are really curious about what a Martian invasion in the late 19th Century would be like . Or check out the Little Book of Horror - War of the Worlds by Steve Niles and Ted McKeever . Otherwise , go see Speilberg 's movie , which - although not perfect - succeeds at being both entertaining and even somewhat thought-provoking .
 I watched this with a mixture of sorrow and anger.One almost had sympathy for the ineptness of this effort had it not been for the ludicrous claims of its makers promising everything from `` Matrix-style '' special effects to its being 100 % faithful to the book ... which it is not.It would seem the only idea here was to make a quick buck off the back of the Spielberg version , which is a dreadful underhanded thing to do . It is the only explanation I can think of.The affrontery of passing this off as a legitimate feature film in the end cancelled any sympathy I had for the lack of talent in every single department . Three hours of self-delusion . If they had admitted openly that they only had a few hundred dollars to make this video , my sympathy might have prevailed.It is so amateurish in every way . But lack of money is no excuse for lack of talent.Do the makers truly and honestly believe this to be worthy of the HG Wells book ? Really and truly ?
 Thirty minutes into this state-of-the-art special effects extravaganza , I was begging Mama to make the hurt go away so we could watch `` Eraserhead '' again .
 How anyone could mistake this horrible mess for a proper film is beyond me . Acting , directing , photography - all beneath school play standards . And do n't get me started on the ` special ' effects -LRB- specially bad !!! -RRB- . Just another cheapjack junkyard ripoff of a Hollywood blockbuster , do n't be suckered like I was . Absolute trash .
 Well , I just finished watching this and do n't quite know where to begin.I am probably one of the more lenient people you will ever meet when it comes to low or zero-budget movies . This was a project I had been following with great interest . The very idea that somebody sought to faithfully recreate the H.G. Wells novel in movie form intrigued me , I suppose , because nobody had ever previously attempted it . While I do honestly appreciate the ambition Timothy Hines might very well have possessed when he conceived this film , I can not help but conclude that he fell far short of delivering the shining result he so foolishly promised.This was not , by any stretch , a professional or theater-worthy production . For Mr. Hines to proclaim to the world that it was is clearly nothing short of a misrepresentation . He should therefore show no surprise when people across the board are slamming the film he told everyone would blow their socks off . I pretty much knew beforehand that Pendragon 's budget for this was very minimal . Mr. Hines , I truly believe , knew that as well . But he still went ahead and rushed the movie out onto DVD with unfinished special effects that do nothing more than make you wish the movie was a lot less shorter than the three agonizing hours that it currently is . Now , were Hines the type of man to state upfront that he did not possess the funds he previously boasted ... fan reaction would probably have been far more forgiving . But , he was not upfront about anything . He lied , and that is not something any aspiring filmmaker should ever do.I really did , for all intents and purposes , enjoy the film 's first hour . The martian and heat ray intros were particular standouts . But , from there on , everything took a complete and total nosedive . I have seen many movies with budgets lower than this , and there was not one of them that could not easily afford exterior filming . Why Mr. Hines chose to abuse CGI in such a gross manner throughout this production staggers my line of rational thinking . The sepia toning and differing color schemes I could handle , but not the constant and obviously artificial computer generated backgrounds.Perhaps , had Hines taken the time to polish up the scattershot effects and trim down the running time , we would have been treated to something slightly better . Unfortunately , that is not what happened.I had already planned on catching Steven Spielberg 's film . And now , having seen this tragic case of squandered potential , I am even more hyped . Bring it on , Steven , bring it on !
 I have been waiting patiently along with my father for all of the War of the Worlds movies to come out ... and finally he got the H.G. Wells version DVD and he was horribly disappointed . He described to me all the bad visuals , acting , and just basically the whole movie . I had no idea that it would be as bad and cheesy as he said it was.In all actuality , it is tht horrible . I 'm still watching this movie as we speak and I 'm so disappointed and quite bewildered . I read some of the reviews that people have left on here , and it boggles my mind as to how anyone can atcually give this movie anything higher than a one star rating . Besides the fact that it follows the book perfectly , this movie is possibly one of the worst movies I have ever seen.Those who put aside the bad acting and visual effects are forgetting that a good movie is based on great preformances and fantastic scenes . All of which this movie has no attributes of . I figured that with the budget they had , they could have come out with something better.Sadly I believe the Blair Witch Project is a Masterpiece compared to this movie ... and they had an even worse budget!This movie is really not worth buying , unless you 're a collector of War of the Worlds items ... but to me it is not deserving ... at all !
 I am very disappointed in this DVD . The website previews should have clued me as to the quality -LRB- or lack of -RRB- of the DVD -LRB- they were terrible but I thought it was just the site -RRB- . I watched the first 20 minutes of the DVD -LRB- which was all I could handle -RRB- and was struck by the following :1 . The transcoding is awful . Jerky beyond belief . I think someone got their PAL and NTSC mixed up . This * alone * makes the film unwatchable .2 . A wildly inconsistent color scheme that varies from flaming orange hues to dim blue black with no rhyme or reason ; in the same scene ! Utterly distracting .3 . Very dated special effects and awful mattes . Charitably some of the industrial design for the Martian technology was well done .4 . Screaming skeletons ? When the first onlookers are zapped by the Martian heat ray they are flashed into skeletons that continue to scream and move ! Huh ? Even my 10 year daughter was wondering what was going on .5 . When the crowd presses in on the impact crater and the first Martian emerges we get long scenes of people staring , looking horror stricken . So long their impact simply fades away . Their greatest indication of the pending horror is to put their hands over their mouths . This is acting?With all the hype regarding it 's faithfulness to the book I was hoping for something good and would have settled for much less but this film is a mess and deserves to be forgotten .
 First , to justify my review ... I have been a professional videographer/editor / director since the late 70 's . I have acted professionally -LRB- mostly stage -RRB- since the 80 's . I have written scripts , some good , some bad . And like many others I have always wanted to do/see a period production of `` War of the Worlds '' . Money and the difficulty in adapting the story has always been an issue.So I looked forward to the release of Hines ' film with great anticipation . Finally , the film version we 've all been waiting for . I was fooled by the preproduction artwork for the film on Pendragon 's web site . I was expecting quality work . When this film hit dvd and not the theatre I knew it was not a good sign . I bought a copy at WalMart , once I found one where the dvd had n't come loose inside the case . When I sat through it , well , I was sickened and sadden at this atrocity . I do not like it when someone calls all the bad reviewers `` sourpusses '' . We were n't expecting ILM-quality effects , but neither were we expecting old video game sfx . If you can not produce quality effects than stay away from film subjects that must rely on cgi . Any effects-laden film production team will/should test the cgi waters first , to make certain they can pull it off . If Hines ' fx team could n't tell that their cgi shots did not work , if they actually thought their work was good , professional visual effects , then they have no business making cgi-based films . For ` War of the Worlds ' to succeed and be accepted as quality filmmaking , every part of the production MUST work.It all begins with the script . You can not just film a novel . Adaptations are tough , but the screen writer must make choices -LRB- Even the superb ` Shogun ' had artistic choices -RRB- . It is unforgivable that 45 minutes pass before the opening of the first pod in the pit . Forty-five minutes!As previously mentioned by another viewer , I did notice the motion artifacts . I would like to know the format used by Hines . In all my years of shooting video I have never seen this kind of motion effect . I do n't know if it is a result of a 24p shooting mode , bad transfer , the wrong editing software or what -LRB- We 're currently using Avid Xpress DV and moving up to Avid Express Pro HD , so hopefully we wo n't have such artifacts -RRB- . Yes , the acting was over-the-top and below par in most cases , especially by the leads . The accents were passable at best , but I was floored when the artillery man mispronounced the very British `` aluminium '' as the American `` aluminum '' -LRB- note the extra `` i '' that differentiates the two -RRB- . If you 're doing a British film you have to pay attention to Briticisms.Special effects should be used when there is no other way of accomplishing a shot . With the bad matting artifacts from the blue/green screen composites , why use virtual sets for basic interiors ? They were n't clean and the scale did not match the actors . The night sky composite with the terrible day-for-night scenes early on when the writer is pointing out Mars to his wife are ludicrous . I have never seen a night sky like this . It looked like a deep space Hubble plate . The only comment I will make about the already criticized Thunderchild sequence is , besides the poor model work , that this is supposed to be a fast , torpedo ram vessle and yet the waves made by the ` fast ship ' looked like a few brush strokes in a paint program . And the crashing tripod into the waters barely created a ripple . This is supposed to be a 100 foot tall war machine!The music did have some merit but there were no developed themes ; just background.The sound mix did not exist . A foley of someone running across gravel sounded as if the microphone was dragged across the ground . There were no layering of sounds . The soundtrack was too quiet , as if most of the production was shot ` mit-out-sound ' . Well , I wo n't continue with bashing this film further . It has been done more thoroughly by so many before me . This and other negative reviews is not nit-picking . This film is nothing but nits and should be picked clean ! I will conclude by urging people not to purchase this dvd . Rent it if you must . Find 10 friends and pitch in a buck , if you must . But you 've read all the reviews , so be thee warned . And no , this is n't sour grapes . The fans of H.G. Wells and of ` The War of the Worlds ' expected better than this and it was n't delivered . Not by a long shot .
 I broke my long standing rule of never buying a movie I have n't already seen , and added H.G. Wells War of the Worlds to my ever growing collection of 470 dvd movies ... and do I regret it . The story line was alright , though they could have made the movie shorter by cutting a few of the many redundant walking scenes . But the effects/graphics were down-right terrible . Fake horses , fake backgrounds , fake disasters - and that 's just for starters . It 's to be expected nowadays , to encounter a few fake things in the movies with computer graphics being as advanced as they are , but most of the time , they are done so cleverly that you hardly notice them . Not true in this movie . The cover-ups were so poor , that in parts of the movie where I should have been in awe , or in horror , all I could do was laugh because of the poor structuring.Oh well ... I did think the aliens in their big metal suits were halfway decent , and actually kind of cool . This will be my first , and last movie I ever `` buy before I try '' .
 If , like me , you grew up in the 80 's , obsessed with video games but always secretly wished there was a special button that would make Mario drink Luigi 's urine or cause Pac-man to splatter everyone with his feces , then G4 's Code Monkeys will be right up your alley.Obviously , a great deal of work was put into creating the style of the show . The entire look mimicks 80 's video games , from the blocky , pixelated characters to the sound effects to the health bar at the top of the screen . Even the theme song , performed by geek musician Jonathan Coulton , was a nice touch . Now the downside -LRB- and oh lord , is there ever one ! -RRB- Any witty humor or clever gags are barely visible through the thick , greasy film of brainless , playground gross-out humor . It 's as if the show was written by a group of third-graders who crack each other up by saying the word `` penis '' over and over again . The storylines are inane and the characters are all tired stereotypes with nothing original to say or excrete.If your video game nostalgia is strong enough to tolerate characters peeing their pants as a running gag , then I recommend Code Monkeys . Otherwise , you might try The Super Mario Brothers Super Show . It 's not good either , but at least it wo n't make you nauseous .
 Code Monkeys is a rash , unpleasant wart of a show which trudges through its half-assed narrative with forced set-ups to unfunny jokes . The cast is each defined by the TOTALLY CRAZY one-liners he or she spews in response to the TOTALLY CRAZY one-liner that preceded it , and as the show stumbles through the finish line of its pilot episode , I have to ask myself why Amazon thought it appropriate to recommend this cartoon - which is clearly aimed at early to mid teens - to me.It 's likely because I am a gamer , and Amazon knows it , but surely there is better programming targeted towards my ilk . Ah , scratch that
 The two previous reviewers have it right . To say I 'm in shock , having just rented the DVD , would be an exaggeration . Something so pathethic ca n't shock . Since there are no characters , the copious blood that flows from the dozens and dozens of people who get shot on screen -LRB- there are more dozens shot off-screen , for no discernable reason -RRB- might as well be cartoon-character blood . The only emotion this movie arouses is mirth , laughing at how God-awful bad everything about it is . I ca n't recall a single fragment of a scene that betrayed any genuine acting . Oh , and dismay that one has wasted a perfectly good 80 minutes or so when one could have actually watched a movie in that time , not to mention wasted the money to rent it -LRB- I sure hope nobody but the rental places has ever actually bought this pseudo-flic -RRB- , and the wasted time to drive to the rental place . There is more drama in watching ice melt . More character development in Beavis and Butthead . More plot in Twinkle , Twinkle , Little Star . But enough . Time to get on with my life .
 As the title of my review states This is the worst thing put on film that I have ever seen avoid it at all costs!The Acting -LRB- haha -RRB- Directing , Story , Plot and everything else about this flick.well it SUCKS ! It just ai n't no damn good !! It Most defenitly does not deserve any stars , but to write a review I had to give it at least one . I too want my money back from the rental place , I could make a better western with my Kids and a Cam-Corder !! STAY AWAY STAY FAR AWAY !!
 At last , I have finally seen a film of the western genre that is actually worse than 1993 's `` Posse '' , with Mario Van Peebles . What appeared at first to be an honest attempt at a period-based home movie , turned out to be an honestly grave error . Some of the , heh heh , pardon me -- acting -- was worse than anything I 'd ever seen from those stuffy drama losers from high school -LRB- you know the kind -RRB- . Pssst ! Hey D Linder , listening to monotone dialogue is boring ! Please do n't ever try directing a film again ! Instead , become a cop and go direct traffic
 I have all 4 season of That Girl . I am a huge fan . To give my rating you have to undrstand how I got there . I have seen seasons 1-3 about 6 times each since I first purchased them.Season 4 I have only seen once . I didnt want to see the episode again . That is highly unusal for me . It is not bad . . It 's that I found the episode too silly and not written as good as the other seasons.However , I am a fan always and will purchase any future That Girl dvd 's
 This is yet another in the inexplicably-popular `` Dr. Orloff '' series -LRB- those Europeans , eh ? guess they 'll watch ANYthing ... -RRB- . It USED to go by the title `` The Invisible Dead '' , but this is it 's actual release title.It is an endurance contest - no kidding . Some friends and I used to joke about the VHS version we 'd seen because it was about the ONLY film we 'd ever seen that made `` Red Zone Cuba '' and `` Manos '' look fast-paced and exciting . In typical Euro-style , we get odd zoom-in close-up shots of the -LRB- mugging -RRB- faces of the supporting cast , a plot that drags on and on and on and on , and the `` monster '' is neither invisible NOR a man - if anything , it will remind you of the Ro-Man from `` Robot Monster '' , only without the laughs . Special effects ? Hah ! Watch `` footsteps '' being made while the thing is `` invisible '' - these `` steps '' form at a pace indicating the monster has severe gout in both knees AND feet and will make it all the way across the room by this time next year.Don ' t be fooled - there is NO saving this one . No riffs , no beer , NOTHING can prepare you for the unbelievable sadness , boredom , and general sense of `` I wasted my time on THIS ?!?! '' that this movie will produce . I actually pride myself on having seen the entire movie , but that 's so YOU do n't HAVE to ...
 If you 're a fan of the cheap Euro horror films of the 70s , then this is a five star . If not , probably a one star and switch off halfway through . Typical story about a doctor who turns up at a castle only to find that it is being haunted by an invisible monster . Plenty of dubbing and implied sex scenes . It 's a sort of `` Invisible Frankenstein '' . It 'll make a nice companion piece to `` Frankenstein 's Castle of Freaks '' and the Jess Franco movies.This has also been released as `` The Invisible Dead '' in the UK .
 this was the last movie in the doctor orloff series . The awful doctor orloff is a great movie but this one is n't . It 's a bad movie but many horror movies are . but I believe even a bad horror deserves to have remastering done to the print . It 's in fair shape but I wish imagewould take more time on old movies and repair the print . The acting is fine in this flick these are all well known europeon actors from 1970 . Howard vernon is a great actor but he ca n't save this one . The movie is close to plan nine from outer space but without that movies charm . Still I enjoy bad horror movies and many so called bad ones have many fine aspects about them . This one is for those looking for a plan nine from outer space type of bad movie though . Buf for the cheap price you can get this it may be worth it if you enjoy badly made horror movies . It does feature female nudity though and should n't be for small kids . Even though it is sort of funny once you see the so called ` invisible man '' . As another reviewer said this movie does have a robot monster type of villian . That movie is more entertaining than this one though . Still for this price even a bad horror movie is a good edition to a horror fans dvd collection .
 ... but I hate what they do to the DVDs . When I buy a DVD , I expect to get the entire show/episode but I am now watching DEATH OF A STRANGER on TV and there are scenes showing that are not on the DVD !!!! That totally ticks me off .
 As in the case of the first in the series this one does not have captions and therefore is useless for hearing impaired people .
 `` The Hard Word '' is just on o.k. film . I 've seen better , seen worse . It 's a crime caper wrapped around a love triangle , and neither storyline works altogether well . There are problems with the script , and it is my personal feeling that Rachel Griffiths , a fine actress in her own right , is miscast in the blonde bombshell role , and instead looks like a man in drag . Sorry , but that 's the way it looked . And that threw-off much of the love triangle aspect for me . As for the crime caper element , much of that seemed a little off , as well . `` The Hard Word '' starts off with the release from prison of three men
 This Australian film is the kind of film I usually like . It 's fast paced and action filled and has to do with an outrageous caper . The plot is about three brothers , one of whom is Guy Pearce . They are all in prison and , because their lawyer is in cahoots with the warden , they get released occasionally to do a heist . Their lawyer is a sleaze and out to have them murdered . He 's also having an affair with Rachel Griffiths , who is cast as Guy Pearce 's wife.There is one large problem with this film . I do n't know if it was the Australian slang or the sound quality , but I just could n't understand it . I actually had to put on the English subtitles , which were created for the hard-of-hearing and included things like `` sound of car door opening '' or they gave the name of the person speaking as well as the dialog.Also , the story just got sillier and sillier and I found myself bored and falling asleep . I actually saw only about half of it , but could n't bear to rewind and continue watching . I therefore ca n't recommend this film at all .
 ** 1/2 The Australian film , `` The Hard Word , '' is little more than a wan cross between `` The Usual Suspects '' and `` Oceans 11 . '' In it , Guy Pearce , almost unrecognizable beneath a scraggly beard , plays one of four criminals discharged from prison in order to help mastermind a heist at the famed Melbourne Cup horse race.There 's very little that 's original or new in this film , with all the generic cliches falling dutifully into place
 I saw the movie on DVD last night . While amusing to some extent , it seemed to me to be rather poorly done . While a movie that has movie making as part of the plot , the scenes that could have been filmed on location to add realism were done on obvious sets , such as waiting in line at an airlines ticket counter.In no way does it hint at the enormous complexity of life in Bombay/Mumbai or the differences between various religious groups or castes , which would have come into play in any real life romance -LRB- even based on the producer 's real romance with the leading actress -RRB- . Overall a disappointment .
 My friends and I have been affectionately obsessed with Bollywood films for over a year now , and the only hair in the ointment of our joy has been our inability to understand the different Hindi dialects that the movies are so often filmed in . So when ` My Faraway Bride ' was released , we snatched it up like hotcakes ... and then really wished we had n't . For one thing , the best quality about Bollywood films is the childlike enthusiasm for life , dance , music , tradition -- and most importantly , the tragic and or happy love story . Even with dialogue being understood only through subtitles that are often out of sync or simply illegible , the actors still made you care about the story.Here?HAH.After the movie we looked at each other and by unanimous consensus realized we did n't care about the movie . It was well done , and the acting was decent , and the dialogue was believable but ... that magic , that ZING that made us fall in love with Bollywood ? This ... . this did not have it.We were disappointed .
 I 've seen my share of both Bollywood movies and Bollywood-inspired movies , and the lead actress was not convincing in the role of a Bollywood star . The movie could have been slightly better if a more suitable actress was cast . The story was executed so poorly that I could n't finish the movie .
 - perfect delivery-item in good condition-would buy from the seller again-however , i was asked to rate the item , the 7th season in not worth buying , would not recomend . I do n't know who the producer is , but its extremely repetitive and its even more grose . A lot more can be done with the show and theyre not doing it , im done . I can save you money on the 8th season
 I know there a lot of people who still adore Spongebob to this day , I 'm glad . Spongebob was a character that I worshiped and loved as a kid . The old Spongebob , where no matter how many times I saw the same episode I would laugh at the same scenes . It was witty in its own little way and sense of humor was amazing . Just like other 90 's and early 2000 's cartoons they treated kids as though we did have intelligence . This was a show that even your parents and grandparents can laugh at . However this Spongebob reminds me too much of today 's cartoons ; creepy and obnoxious humor.THEY 'RE OVERDRAW THEIR PERSONALITIES TOO MUCHSpongebob use to be optimistic , kid at heart and adorable . Now , his voice is unbearable and he 's a weird-o . Patrick was stupid but not annoyingly stupid . Now they lower his IQ to negative three and I just want to throw him out a window.Squidward was sarcastic and mean but at least he had you laughing even if he had one line in an episode . Now he 's yelling 99 % percent of the show.Gary was so nice and cute now he 's just mean and every time they give him a close up he 's hideous.Mr.Krabs is cheap but more cheap than any other season.The plot is repetitive too , it 's the same thing since Season 1 . Spongebob ca n't drive that damn boat , Plankton ca n't get the recipe , and Squidward still hates Spongebob .
 I LOVE SpongeBob ... but , recently , the show is deteriorating , to just another average kid 's show . I remember when it was actually original , unique , FUNNY . This is NOT the Sponge I fell in love with when I was younger . I will say , since season 3 , and most notably since season 5 , the show has started its slow , yet steady descent to crap . The episodes used to be so creative , now just about every episode has Plankton doin ' his thing . Its getting boring . There was like ... 2 Plankton episodes in Season 1 ... Now its just about every other episode . SpongeBob is INFURIATINGLY annoying , Patrick is RIDICULOUSLY stupid , Squidward is TERRIBLY irritable , and Mr. Krabs is SUCH a greedy bastard . They 're exaggerating their personalities , and their milking the show , until there is nothing left . I really hate to see SpongeBob go , but I think its about time .
 Seeing as SpongeBob SquarePants has still remained so overwhelmingly popular after all of these years , I know I may receive a few negative votes from customers for my negative critique . But , before you press that unhelpful voting button -LRB- which , please , do n't do until you have read my entire review -RRB- I just want to let you know that I am not criticizing the whole series . At the beginning of its lengthy run , it was so phenomenally hysterical and witty that episodes were bound to generate at least a few chuckles from you , and the very best ones would leave you wishing that you had thought of some of the jokes featured in the episodes . Sadly , that spectacular quality has declined.In more recent years , the program has underwent a deterioration in quality -LRB- I sincerely apologize to the makers of SpongeBob SquarePants -RRB- . The negative qualities of a majority of the main characters have been enhanced -LRB- stupidity , greed -RRB- as pointed out by many other people , and the episodes and specials have a `` rushed '' feel to them . They defy the boundaries and limits set by the older seasons -LRB- which , albeit they may not bother many other people , enhanced the comedy of the program and became traditional jokes for the series -RRB- and the humor has grown more grotesque and stupid . The characters are all now more annoying in an attempt to make them appear funny , and I know lots of people have noticed the same changes and also can agree that the cartoon has lost a lot of its heart . If you want to watch SpongeBob SquarePants episodes , watch the earliest seasons if you want to be truly entertained . I genuinely apologize to anyone who may have been offended , but it 's just the way I feel . I 'm very sorry and hope I did not insult anyone .
 The more recent episodes of `` SpongeBob SquarePants '' can be quite humorous and can really make me laugh sometimes . However , the more recent episodes of the series just are not the same . They do not have the wit and endearment of the older episodes , and they feel more rushed . One of these newer qualities that ruins the series in my opinion is a few of the character designs . Often , characters of designs that usually would not have been seen in the oldest episodes are featured , and though I know it is easier to animate them or include them for the sake of an episode , it just defies the limits set by the earlier episodes of SpongeBob SquarePants ; if the surface world is shown on camera , animate it very realistically or use live actors . Exceptions are made for Mermaidman , Barnacle Boy , and Sandy , land creatures , but they had been introduced earlier and therefore they have basically been molded into the series , and the limits make exceptions to them . Also the jokes are not as rich and witty as the humor of the older episodes , which is sad . If you want to watch SpongeBob SquarePants , buy the earlier seasons .
 I would not recommend this to any Avril fans . There is nothing that has not been seen on Utube or other media . The DVD is only 30 minutes long . It also covers other Artists including The Beatles , Janis Joplan , Jimi Hendrex . Maria Carey , Creedence Clearwater , The Woodstock Festival . And can you believe Britney Spears . It also discusses some Producers and Recording Companies . All of this is Totally irrelevant to Avril Lavigne . The Video is not 16/9 or 4/3 ratio but a 16/9 that is compressed down to 4/3 making people look thin . The sound is erratic with some commentators speaking loudly and others speaking softly requiring constant volume adjustments .
 This dvd only lasts 30 minutes ! It 's boring ! Talk about Britney Spears and The Beatles , and I do not care them ! Only Avril ! . Addition much of the &#34; documentary &#34; people speak but not hear their voices ! This was a fraud ...
 My boyfriend purchased this DVD for me , thinking it was a legit documentary . The DVD is very short . It does NOT even use actual Avril songs . The video quality and picture quality is LOW ! I would NOT recommend that anyone purchase this DVD . All the photos/info/clips from this DVD can be found on google or youtube for FREE ! It 's a terrible DVD !
 Ok , if you buy this keep in mind that this is an unauthorized documentary . So Avril Laviqne had nothing to do with the making of it . It 's a 22 minute long piece of crap . You 'd be better off renting it than buying it if you still want to check it out . I 've been a fan of Avril Laviqne ever since I heard her first CD -LSB- Get a Grip -RSB- and I 've got say as a longtime fan this film would 've been better with Avril 's participation . She would 've done a much better job telling her life story than the idiots who made this film . Do n't waste your money on this DVD .
 Having seen and appreciated the 1965 classic version of this movie , I was curious to compare and contrast the classic with the new . I found the young cast to be exceptionally strong and skilled , especially Sam Neill in his portrayal of `` Kamarovsky '' ; however , I was very disappointed with important changes
 This DVD does not play in the US format and is therefor useless to me .
 Whoever dreamed this `` remake '' up either has no imagination for material that could be used or has too much time on their hands or both . I found the original sufficient , so what is the point of making this over again ? Moviemakers today simply can not make a movie without some kind of overwhelming special effect -LRB- for example , children running or horses galloping in the all too often used `` slow motion '' -RRB- or relentlessly emotional background music . Add to that the penchant for making things as blatantly gory as possible and you have the typical movie of today that everyone gives the now all too ubiquitous and therefore quite worthless `` standing ovation '' . I think we have passed the golden age and are entering the iron age complete with plenty of rust . The actors were also too young and seemingly unable to relate to the subject material without somehow giving their portrayal through the lens of the hysterical world of the present . This was truly one of and for generation x -- an ever infantile group who demand so much and give -LRB- and imagine -RRB- so little .
 This Brit re-make just does n't cut it ! Russia has been open to Westerners since 1991 ! Why use a Brit -LSB- Knightley -RSB- trying to act like a Russian , which she ca n't do , when they could have used Russians in the lead roles ? If they HAD to use Knightley for star appeal , put her in a lesser role . It does n't ring true but maybe that 's because I have spent a lot of time in Russia with real Russians . In fact , I have my own Russian Love story but that could be another movie !
 The directing/editing began bothering me because it began feeling too staged , like short perfectly staged scenes as if a series of snapshots rather than a real flow and continuity . Everything was so clean/perfect makeup . Worse , I felt no deep passion between them like there was in the original film . It was hard to believe there was even love between them . For example , nothing in the hospital scenes gave me any sense of any real emotion/love growing between them . A few scenes of them together and that whole part of the story was over . So much lost in these seemingly quick takes . . So disappointing . .
 I loved the first two hours of this but the second two were just too depressing and the actors were bogged down in a depressing script . Watching this makes me realize how much better a director David Lean was . His 1965 version had its sappy , Hollywood moments , but his film provides a carthasis at the end when the viewer realizes that Lara and Yuri 's child will be watched over by him . The new version with Keira Knightley ends with Lara being arrested and her young child just basically running after her.Sam Neill 's star power is sorely missed in the second half . I also did not like how Lara tells Yuri she would still go back to Strelnikov though she knows the guy is a mass murderer ! In the Lean film , Julie Christie had an earth mother attitude in the second half . In this version , you really get more irritated with Lara when she carries on with Yuri , knowing that he has a pregnant wife and child . In this version , the wife , father and child are taken away -- to a concentration camp probably in Siberia -- and never heard from again . While I like Keira Knightley , I do n't think she was able to deliver that ethereal quality that Christie had which made you believe that three men could be in love with her . At times , Yuri 's wife looked just as attractive or more so . I do n't think this movie works unless Lara is filmed as absolutely gorgeous and pure . People have long complained that Julie Christie was just too beautiful when the world was totally collapsing around them but it just does n't seem to make sense otherwise because Lara is supposed to be the object of all these love poems . Keira Knightley 's Lara came off as much more lascivious than Christie 's . I did not really believe that she and Yuri were so spiritually in love as the Lean film depicts . And then as far as the motherhood thing goes , where is Lara 's first child ? After she leaves with Victor Komorosky , the daughter is never seen again.This production showed promise , but the second half just falls apart . I think it is very hard to like either Yuri or Lara when they fall into bed so quickly while Tonya is at home -- pregnant -- and doing lots of hard work and raising Yuri 's first son .
 THE CODE -LRB- 2002 , LA MENTALE -RRB- has actors speaking their naturalFrench but whose dialog was dubbed in English . There are alsoEnglish subtitles , that consistently differ from the dubbed English.The target market is obviously that spoken about by the new electedFrench President , Nicolas Sarkozy , -LRB- former Minister of theInterior -RRB- , who won the favor of many over his promises to cope withthe multicultural pressures that France faces today , in large partcentered in the hyper-populated suburbs of Paris.The movie tells the story of second generation Maghrebs , whoconsider blue collar jobs and the 9 to 5 work routine dishonorable , preferring instead , to be their own bosses , viewing the world asseen in some regions 800 years ago , carrying out hijackings of 18wheeler TIR trucks carrying commodities and reselling them , orlooting armored bank vans carrying loads of cash , etc. . Thus , actorsSamy Naceri and Samuel Le Bihan play the roles of gangsters , runningtheir own operations , ranging form narco-trafficking , import todealing in the street with their own city blocks in the city toprotection rackets , high end car thefts , etc. . This is confirmedwhen we hear `` It 's the dough that makes the man ! `` The script puts a lot of effort in underlining the personal lives ofthe mobsters , showing a birthday celebration , a woman mulling overher rocky relationship and pregnancy , coping with infidelity , etc.In this regards , a night club is the center of ultimate joy whenfriends gather , perhaps juvenile as an outlook . While there are manyhigh-five human moments , party scenes , this movie is ultra-violent , with a number of gun fire-fights , spontaneous murders , andvocabulary typical of the underworld.An ex-con tries to start a new life , stemming from his penal systemexperience and affection for a woman of outside his religious faith -LRB- Maometanism -RRB- and tribe -LRB- gypsy , Maghreb , etc. -RRB- This causes tensionsamong former partners in crime and by ex-girlfriend , who have a lotto stand losing in letting the man step outside the clan.The action scenes are well done , with the balaclavas and machineguns , packed clips , both indoors and outdoors , showing plenty ofrealism , by the well understood implications of the behavior shown , such as bleakness , violence , egomaniac behavior seen in the gang , and the overall lack of principles such that , it 's a race to thebottom to see who has less character and principles , when there 's aconfrontation , who is the easiest on the trigger.Some scenes could have been done a lot better , such as thespontaneous physical love scenes or embraces that come about withoutcontext , that are non-sequitur . The complete lack of law enforcementis also dumbfounding.Some bizarre moments are shown , such as a woman pulling a stash ofjewelry from her underpants.The cultural life is underlined , referencing cuscus , Maometanism forthe deceased at the cemetary , the prayer when confronted withimminent danger , the ghetto that they belong to , for friends , companionship and work.The DVD offers a good quasi-widescreen presentation , with very good5 .1 sound , surprisingly , considering the dubbed English dialog.The soundtrack is very good and professional , as well , ranging fromacoustic , gypsy-style numbers , to very low-profile music thatdoes n't distract from the story .
 Columbia Tristar presents French caper thriller ` The Code ' -LRB- ` La Mentale ' -RRB- produced by famous French film company Goumont Pictures , which brought us gripping ` The Crimson Rivers . ' several years ago . So , while watching ` The Code , ' I was pretty thrilled to see the company 's logo , but soon the film proved a big disappointment . A very big one.The film stars Samuel Le Bihan -LRB- the hero of entertaining actioner ` Brotherhood of the Wolf ' -RRB- as Dris , who once served time in prison and now is working at factory . To him , old friend Yanis -LRB- Samy Naceri , the likeble taxi driver in the original ` TAXI ' series -RRB- comes , asking him to join in the next heist plans , promisng a big score.But Dris 's devoted and ill-used girl-friend is not happy at all , especially when he meets not only his ex-pals at a noisy party , but his sexy ex-love who again comes in on to him . And Dris has a young brother who admires the life of gangsters , and does not listen to Dris 's sincere advice.THE PROBLEM with the film is now clear . It is so cliche-ridden that you can detect the next move the film so easily . Is Dris wise enough to reject the temping offer of the nice guy Yanis , or the devilishly seductive former girlfriend ? You know it , of course.Another irritating thing is the style of direction , which is not all bad , but good either . It is simply bland . And to make the film more dull , the characters are not compelling enough , lacking the definite touch of the uniqueness or reality . What is left in the film is the insipid plot about the gangsters who are not interesting , and the heist that is not thrilling.Did Columbia Pictures buy many French titles to release them in USA and other English-speaking countries ? If so , we simply welcome that decision . But please , not this tasteless gangster film , which should have been left behind .
 This is run-of-the-mill gangster schlock , pretty much on the level of TV crime dramas . All the stock locations are here
 Do n't buy this film , as the censor has blacked out certain parts.If films are being sold censored it should be made clear at point of purchase
 The American DVD was censored , the way they censored Wild on E! . Maybe the american moral is different from all others . How would americans censored a theatrical representation of La Celestina ? Have they not see La Cestina in a Theater ? Buy the Spain DVD PAL version . It is not censored , as it should be . It is a completely different experience .
 I read this book in college , and was interested in seeing the DVD . However , the movie took a very different turn from the book we read in Spanish in my college class . I am no Victorian prude , but I was a little shocked at the sex scenes in the movie.The beautiful love scenes we imagined in the reading of the book were cheapened and made seem dirty .
 Cuesta creer que en pleno siglo 21 la censura o la editora o no se quien arruine una obra maestra como esta aplicando efectos de sombreado -LRB- blurring o como se llame -RRB- a varias escenas en donde son expuestas zonas intimas de los actores . Es matar la esencia misma de la obra que el director magistralmente las incluyo en el rodaje . Esta excelente version cinematografica de La Celestina donde la musica , los sets y la adaptacion de epoca la hacen una verdadera obra maestra y un deleite para los ojos no merecia un trato semejante . Espero que alguna vez sea editado un dvd NOT RATED para poder asi disfrutarla en su totalidad pero por el momento voy a seguir viendo mi version no alterada de la misma en vhs . Si los desnudos de la capilla sixtina fueron cubiertos en su momento por pa & ntilde ; os de colores por el pudor de la epoca y por estar en un lugar sacro no se aplica seguir haciendo lo mismo 500 a & ntilde ; os despues con las obras de arte , esto es el cine y estamos en el siglo 21 . Es una verguenza .
 I absolutely love her step aerobics tape - it 's one of my oldest and I still like it . When I saw she had another offering , I was looking forward to having another favorite . Unfortunately , this one was so easy , so boring , that I did it once and got rid of it .
 Well , This is pretty standard stuff once again . Will and Lawrence get it on with a drug ring . lots of cars get smashed ... they blowup ... . girls in thongs ... dead bodies . . guns that rip off 6000 bullets without a reload . They catch the bad guy . Some funny stuff ... some dull stuff ... more cussin than ever and the movie lasts 21/2 hours . Thats 2 hours to long . The end
 Usually sequels offer more of the same , but this mean spirited cop buddy movie gone wrong offers less of the same . Less originality , less humor , and less ability to capture the audience 's interest with anything other than big explosions . The stars are generally morally indistinguishable from the villains , and their only difference lies in the amount of ass-kicking of which they 're capable . The plot unravels further when they go overseas to a central American country to stage an assault on a drug kingpin 's palatial home . In the home , the toddler child of the drug dealer is whisked away to safety by a henchman . Then the henchman is shot , leaving the girl all alone . We never see her again , in what was surely an oversight or a forced edit to reduce the overall , tortuous length of the film .
 I really like Will Smith and Martin Lawrence . But this movie was really not worth my time at home watching it . Sure it was about taking down a drug lord . But who gives a care about a stupid swimming pool bursting . And yet we are left to guess whether or not Marcus 's daughter made it home safe and sound.I mean sure it did have its moments where it kept me on the edge of my seat , but after a while it just kept dragging on and on . I am comtemplating returning this DVD back to the store where I bought it . I think watching it once is enough for me .
 thank god i got this as an xmas gift from my nephew . i would of been pissed if i spent even a penny on this one . my brother stormed out of the room 30 minutes into the movie on xmas day . well , at least my nephew -LRB- his son -RRB- liked it ! i hung in there for the entire show out of courtesy to my nephew . otherwise , i was right behind my brother . yeah i know ... it 's an action movie . what did you expect ? i guess i am just getting too old for films that have these endless smash , bang , boom , pow , crash scenes . i wo n't even bother listing any details except to say ... save your money .
 Bad Boys one was action packed , had a great script and plot -LRB- even if unbelievable at times -RRB- , and was just plain hilarious . Bad boys II does not live up to its predicesor in the least . This movie sucks ! Action packed for sure , but the plot is barely present and the script sucks . This movie is all girls , action and swearing . Bad Boys II isnt even funny ! I 'm truly disapointed in Will Smith and Martin Lawrence . They can do much better than this .
 Please spare yourself the time and money on this nonsense . Not worthy to call itself a sequel to a much better and funnier original . It groans , struggles to make a joke . Yes the actions sequences are OK , but the plot is nonsense . THey must be enjoying their salary for this grotesque waste of 35 mm film .
 This is the worst movie I have ever seen , no exaggeration , and I watch or rent most of the good action films . There is really nothing about Bad Boys II that is worth mentioning , but quite a bit to be disappointed with -LRB- and outright offended by -RRB- with such great expectations from the first enjoyable film.This sequel to Bad Boys brought absolutely NONE of the character relationships or interaction over from the first movie . What this movie was , from the first scene onward , just two popular black actors making fools of themselves with some of the worst acting I have ever seen . There is not once scene in this movie that was even remotely believable , the plot is absolutely half-baked , and the language was about as enjoyable as a bee-sting . I actually lost count of the F-bombs , which were inserted completely at random , and if taken out of the script , would have likely left several dozen pages empty.The rest of the script , filled with G.D. , J.C. , S __ T , N_GG_R , and other `` intelligent language '' left me really wondering why these two prominent black actors signed on to this steaming pile of crap for a movie . There really , seriously , is NO script in this movie , and hence , no plot whatsoever . Some Russian mobster is trying to get his cash out of the country , while Miami PD and the DA are trying to stop the influx of Ecstasy . That might have been a fairly decent scenario if the writer and director -LRB- let alone the actors -RRB- had taken it seriously . But since Will and Martin did NOT take the plot or their acting seriously , it was just hard to appreciate the story , what little of it there is amidst all the sex , drug use , and foul language . I am very fond of Will and Martin , loved Bad Boys and Blue Streak , among others , but this was just a horrible , disgusting , offensive piece of filmmaking.I would n't even call it a `` popcorn thriller '' because so much of the content is offensive . The attempt at humor is so literal that it completely misses the mark . Will Smith and Martin Lawrence had some amazing humorous chemistry in the original , and that writer/director did n't even TRY to bring that back into this sequel . I was n't looking for car chases , explosions , or corpses getting run over on the freeway . What I was looking forward to was some great comedic acting by these two , and it just was n't there . It 's as if they decided to blow that all off and make a `` serious '' movie , but then halfway through , realized that humor is kind of a good idea , and tried hard to fill it in . Yuck . I just hated this movie , to be blunt.I agree with another reviewer here
 How can one call this entertainment ? Is entertainment watching people have their brains blown out in slow mo or watching people die four times over ? If this is considered entertainment then America 's culture is in deep trouble . Bad Boy II has an undeniably thin plot in order to justify horrific acts of brutal violence . Bad Boys II is not even a good action film , it is just mindless shooting and explosions . Thank you Michael Bay for making Americans even stupider , your work on Bad Boys II , The Texas Chainsaw Massacre , and Pearl Harbor has contributed much to the American artistic culture LOL . America is truly in a sad state when a film like Bad Boy II grosses over 100 million dollars .
 Micheal Bay does n't know `` funny '' anymore . His works after The first Bad Boys were all serious movies , which obviously killed his sense of humor . The first Bad boys , is considered by many , the KING of Comedy Buddy Cop Action Movies , but this one is nothing compared to it . The jokes are all dry , i watched it with my friends , and throughout the entire movie , not even once we laughed . . seriously . We 've grown tired of `` you shot my a -- '' jokes , and some were just plain wrong , like talking about their `` mother 's breasts ? '' , it makes u wonder if ur supposed to laugh or get disgusted . And i keep asking myself , did n't Willsmith and Martin -LRB- The 2 funniest black americans IMO -RRB- realise from the script that these jokes just plain suck ? I mean they know what `` Funny '' is , how come they 've never realised that ?? When it comes to action , this is were the movie excels , and ofcourse what u 'd expect from Micheal bay and Jerry B -LRB- who i respect very much and consider the # 1 producer -RRB- . Lots of eye candy explosions , daring stunts , car chases -LRB- best part -RRB- , gun fights and some really cool camera angles and tricks.My reccomendation for this movie would be , ONLY if ur a fan of the first Bad Boys , its worth a purchase for the sake of `` Collection '' . If u 've never watched `` Bad boys '' before , then steer clear , just rent it , the action alone is worth a one time viewing .
 If you like Brittany Spears , the 80 's rock band Poison , and `` Stargate SG-I '' then this movie is up your alley . If you like entertainment that does n't pander to its audience and is above a 7th grade level -LRB- like a Stanley Kubrick or Ang Lee film -RRB- , then this movie is not for you . I wish I was 12 again , because maybe I could have moderately liked it ...
 If you are considering purchase of this movie , I would like for you to make your own decision as to if you shall purchase it . This is simply my opinion . I enjoy watching re-runs of Martin and the Fresh Prince , and in my opinion Martin Lawrence and Will Smith are two of the greatest black comedians . The first Bad Boys film was spectacular . The two blended together to bring the same hilarious personalities they had in their shows to the screen for an action film . However , Bad Boys II was a massive train wreck . Explosion , after explosion , after explosion , after explosion ; then the scene with the rats having sex.The explosions became boring because you know every five or six minutes something is going to implode or explode in the film . As for the rats , I was disgusted . Sure , as adults we can handle seeing sex , but what was the humor in seeing rats having sex ? What was so funny about two molded rats -LRB- who probably were carrying the bubonic plague -RRB- bounce on each other as if they are in a porn film?I was waiting on Martin to do the CDC a favor and shoot both of them , but he never did . And then , Will was n't funny at all . Will 's character seemed more like a pompous jerk who was so full of himself he could write an egocentric bible . `` In the beginning , there was Mike Lowrey , and then Mike was bored so he made the world . Thus Mike is our creator and can do as he pleases and you can not express any disagreement with him because he is the heavenly Mike Lowrey . '' Will is a great actor , and I love to watch his show . But in this film , he acted as if he was God himself . Sorry Will , but they made your character an egocentric god who walks the earth as a cop . In the first Bad Boys , he did not have a god complex.Oh , do n't let me forget the theme music . The theme was so horrible , it sounded as if some drunk hip hop artist stepped in a studio and mixed a tape of a bass beat and a screaming native american together . Another reviewer put it simple
 Amazingly violent wham-bam , black buddy cop comedy-thriller which is heavy on action and gory shootouts and somewhat light on comedy . But that rather depends on your response to Will Smith and Martin Lawrence.Lawrence is one of the least attractive performers around and his sub-Richard Pryor/Eddie Murphy routine is getting very old . Smith , however , remains reliable and more or less saves the day.The Plot ? Oh , it 's something to do with designer ecstasy and a major drugs war in downtown Miami in which the two narcotics detectives become more than usually involved when one of them falls for his partner 's sister . Their personal relationship stretched to the limit creates danger for them in the face of massive mob action . A Jerry Bruckheimer movie ` Nuff said .
 Man , when i bought this movie , i thought it would match up to the first one , but damn , this is one of the worst movie i have ever seen . It holds on to the action sequence and relies on that because there is no plot whatsoever . Will Smith 's attitide in this movie is one i have never seen before , in the first , he was the good guy everbody loved , in the second , he 's the big , bad shooting , swearing , steriod pummed loud ass , Martin lawrence took his acting up a notch , but that did n't seemed to be working . And what 's the point of adding that fame chasing hoe , Gabrielle Union or whatever in this movie , she just made it even more horrible , her character sucks , her acting sucks , and everything about this movie sucked , i wasted damn money , i could 've rented Denzel 's ` Man on Fire ' instead of this piece of action wannabe garbage crap.Stay as far away from this movie as possible , Will Smith 's chartacter will piss you off and scar you , this is no movie , just a twised imagination of Jerry Bruckhiemer , the worst diector in the world .
 It may just be me , but when I watch this movie , it made me hate the cops in the movie and root for the bad guys . These so-called cops violated and broke more laws than the bad guys did ! They abuse thier authority so much that it made me want to cause great harm to them . Also , I know that in this politicaly correct world , only white guys are supposed to be `` racist '' , but in this movie , Martin Lawrance was the black version of the kkk . His hatred for white folks is very apparent in this movie . I give this one star because of too much racism and abuse of power .
 Summary : Detectives Marcus Burnett -LRB- Martin Lawrence -RRB- and Mike Lowrey -LRB- Will Smith -RRB- are ordered by their boss to bring down the local drug Lord , Hector Juan Carlos ` Johnny ' Tapia -LRB- Jordi Moll&agrave; -RRB- , who is funneling ecstasy into Miami . Burnett and Lowrey quickly figure out that he is using his mortuary as a front and is trafficking the ecstasy in the coffins and dead bodies that he sends both to other countries and around the U.S.With the help of a number of other cops , Lowrey and Burnett eventually track Tapia to Cuba where they destroy his mansion while rescuing Burnett 's sister , Sydney -LRB- Gabrielle Union -RRB- , who also happens to be Mike 's new love interest . They make their getaway by arriving at the U.S. military base , Guantanamo Bay , and kill Tapia in the process.My Comments : There were a couple of funny parts in this movie . But comedy ca n't really make up for the lack of a consistent and coherent plot line . The movie begins with absolutely no introduction of the characters or the situation they are in . It 's as if the audience is just supposed to know who Burnett and Lowrey are -LRB- in other words , see the prequel -RRB- . Also unexplained by the lack of an adequate introduction is Burnett 's continual discontent with his partnership . Perhaps this is explained in the first movie , but I was inclined to see this as just an excuse for Martin Lawrence to complain , which is his primary comedic tool . Additionally , how does Lowrey have enough money to afford the clothes and car that he owns ? He 's a cop ; is he dirty ? I think I heard mention in there somewhere of him having a rich parent or something . If so , why 's he a cop ? This made no sense , especially when he took his $ 200,000 + Ferrari on a high speed chase in which it was shot up . No one would do that . What 's worse , despite his car , Lowrey ca n't seem to keep up with the people he is chasing , and they 're in a rig . Come on ! I could do that in my Civic.The complete lack of an introduction then carries into the plot of this movie , which begins mid-stream as Burnett and Lowrey have already begun their investigation into the drug ring . There is never an explanation offered why these two hooligans are on the case , and considering how badly they tend to mess things up , that is probably intentional as there is absolutely no way any right-minded police chief would keep them on a case or even on the force . Nonetheless , the audience gets to witness Burnett and Lowrey bungle everything Mr. Magoo style until it all happens to fall into place and they get the bad guy.To make things worse , the story jumps all over the place . One sequence in particular stands out . I believe Burnett and Lowrey are questioning some guy then , cut to
 i enjoyed the first bad boys movie but when i saw bad boys 2 the movie was horrible the story plot sucked and for two hours all their was were pointless voilence the reason why i did not give this movie one star is because the highway seen was great sadly that was the only thing
 I write this as a warning to unwary . Stay away . Stay far , far away .
 I 'm giving this movie one star only because there is no no-star option . Simply put , this has to be my Number One `` I know I saw this for free but I still want my money back '' movie of the year.My only comfort lies in the fact that I got to see it for free since a relative let me borrow his copy . I missed it when it hit theatres this summer but since the first `` Bad Boys '' was an okay if highly derivative action flick I figured I 'd try this one.Given that it 's a Michael Bay-Jerry Bruckheimer production I did n't expect a `` Lord of the Rings '' style mix of good storytelling and action . But I was still unprepared for just how big , loud , and dumb `` Bad Boys II '' is . Not to sound like a snob but when people talk about the decline of American movie-making , it 's films like these that are held up as examples.Will Smith and and Martin Lawrence do n't so much speak as much as shout their lines which mostly consist of hip hop slang that was dated even when the movie came out this July . Gems like `` We ride together . We die together . Bad Boys for life . '' and `` S@#^ just got real , '' let you know that the scriptwriters are likely White guys whose only knowledge of African-American culture comes from watching BET 's `` 106 and Park . `` What little plot there is deals with a Cuban Ectasy dealer 's plan to take over the Miami drug trade . In a ridiculous sub-plot , Smith 's character is dating Gabrielle Union who here plays Lawrence 's little sister , an undercover DEA agent . In a poor excuse for clever writing , the script has the pair choosing to keep their relationship a secret from Lawrence for much of the film to zero comedic effect.Union is a talented actress but this is a wasted arm candy role . Though she 's supposed to be playing one of the DEA 's sharpest agents , she makes stupid decisions that place her in jeopardy not only once but twice and which obviously necessitate the Bad Boys ' aid.For a Bay-Bruckheimer film , the movie 's action scenes are actually in short supply . Instead we get scene after scene of Lawrence 's whining and Smith 's cool guy swaggering all of which are about as funny as footage of an abortion in progress.The much bally-hooed freeway chase scene is nothing special , especially when stacked up against the summer 's other big freeway chase in `` Matrix Reloaded . '' That action sequence not only delivered the goods but was truly ground-breaking and may be the best chase scene ever filmed . By contrast , the `` Bad Boys II '' chase scene just comes of as desperate and contrived like everything else in this movie.It 's pretty clear that the only reason this film ever got made was because many of those associated with it desperately needed a big hit . Smith arguably has n't starred in a genuine blockbuster since the first `` Men in Black . '' `` Wild , Wild West '' flopped . `` Ali '' netted him an Oscar nomination but hardly anyone went to see it and last summer 's forgettable `` MIBII '' was overshadowed by `` Spiderman . '' Lawrence has starred in one mediocre comedy after another for years . Sure films like `` Black Knight '' and `` National Security '' made money but no one will be talking about them 10 years from now.As for Bay , while `` Pearl Harbor '' grossed over $ 100 million in the U.S. , consider that it cost nearly $ 200 million to make and market , making it relative dissappointment financially.This being the case , everyone involved here probably saw a quick and dirty sequel as surefire way to make a fast buck.Most likely , if you saw `` Bad Boys II '' in theatres and liked it you 'll probably feel you have to buy it . Otherwise , I strongly urge any other prospective viewers to at least rent before you buy to avoid dissappointment.As I said , I saw it free and I want to be paid for the two hours and 10 minutes of my life that I lost suffering through this drivel .
 This movie had so much popcorn and reheated cheese , you 'll be in danger of choking to death when watching this . Too much action , too many bad jokes , too much over-the-top shocks , and too much Will Smith and Martin Lawrence . After all , who would even pay attention to this movie were it not for the cars being blown up , people being killed in increasingly outlandish ways , dead bodies flying out of a morgue van , and immature sexual references ? Martin Lawrence was a pest , Will Smith was average at best , and Michael Bay proves once again that he 's a horrible director . There were one or two scenes that were mildly interesting or funny , but overall , you 'd have to pay me to sit through this again . Another summer blockbuster/sequel that 's not worth a viewing . You ca n't take anything in here seriously , and you ca n't really laugh at anything either . As a result , why bother ?
 I remember watching the first bad boys a month or so ago and detesting it . When my friend was bugging me to watch this one I told him that , but he insisted that I 'd like this one , and he was extremely wrong . This movie is needlessly long -LRB- 2 and a half hours , at least bad boys 1 knew when to end -RRB- , has a sickening amount of violence , and dirty jokes that are not funny , just disgusting , -LRB- I felt like gagging in a scene where you saw 2 rats having sex -RRB- . The action scenes are well-filmed , but they 're senseless and drag on and on , along with other pointless scenes from the movie -RRB- . And I do n't think the amount of lives these terrible officers saved by bringing down these ecstasy dealers can equal all the innocent civilians they killed in the process . People bash Mel Gibson 's `` The Passion of the Christ '' for being too violent . That violence is realistic and authentic and it actually happened . If you want to criticize a movie for violence , attack this crap .
 My husband and I loved the first Bad Boys movie and were looking forward to seeing part two . This movie is definitely an example of how sequals are never quite as good as the original . In this case it was no where near as good . My husband fell asleep halfway through the movie , which is a definite sign that the movie is not that good . The movie did have its funny moments but they were few and far between . The car chases were endless and the story dragged on for almost 2 and a half hours . Unless you just absolutely love any movie that Will Smith is in I would n't recommend it .
 I thoroughly enjoyed the first Bad Boys movie . It had an interesting storyline , believable character development , witty dialogue and tense action sequences . It certainly was n't intellectually stimulating , but as far as action movies go it was very well done.Needless to say , I was very excited when I heard about Bad Boys II . But as I watched the movie , I kept waiting for the storyline to be explained , waiting for the witty dialogue to come up , and most of all , waiting to be entertained . Instead , this movie has seemingly no plot at all . Nothing is explained , even at the end . You have no idea what the protagonists are trying to accomplish , who the antagonists are and what their motivation is . There is also zero character development . None of the characters grow or change at all during the course of the movie . It 's just action sequence upon action sequence , interspersed with crass , sophomoric dialogue that 's apparently supposed to pass for humor.In summary , this movie was a COLLOSSAL dissappointment . It does n't even have a fragment of what made the first movie so great . Do yourself a favor and avoid this one at all costs .
 This movie is even worse than the original.How could anyone believe that these two comedians are cops?Give me a break.The movie had the same old stereotypical druglord plot to it which is getting very old.The acting was horrible and had some really corny jokes.Will smith stinks as an actor and should stick with being on tv.Way too much mindless rap in the soundtrack.Worst movie of the year.DO NOT BUY THIS DUMB MOVIE !!!
 I saw Bad Boys 2 over the summer and it was quite a traumatizing expierence . For real , the movie shot at me like a cannon . This sequel to the fun-filled original is loud , long , cramed with endless language and violence and did i mention long ? The action sequences do look impressive but there are too many loud car crashes and bloodshed . In one huge scene , the police chase a cartel in the freeway and there 's bodies and people dying.The filmmakers are absolute nuts ! I 'm speaking to u Jerry Buttheimer ! Speaking of limbs , the morgue scene with Smith and Laurence picking out the dead 's insides is outrageously disgusting.If this is your cup of tea have fun . as for me , im spending my time better in good use
 well , what a waste of time . i 'm not a very moral person , and this STILL managed to make me morally object to it . the destruction and potential deaths or innocent people caused buy an explosion-laden hunt to track down some drugs was in my opinion , compleatly not worth the risk , but is a point worth debating with someone intellegent at another juncture.A good movie can actually act as someone to debate with , if the material seems to actually matter to the writer and director of the movie . Hey , it 's a Michael Bay movie , a man who is single handedly responsible for some of the worst American Movies ever made . It 's a huge mistake to believe your mind will go any deeper than to think `` i wonder how many millions of dollars this five minutes of freeway chase cost , and how many homeless people that could have gotten off the street . Which brings me to another point.This film reaks of money . It 's soaked in it . It may remind you of the fat , ugly whiney kid you see at McDonalds , always demanding more of his mom . demanding more money from you . demanding more money from the studio that produced this epic piece of trash , that almost certainly went over-budget on every set and costume and action sequence , not caring because they knew EVERYONE would want to see it . Well , i 'd recomend you tell michael to shove-it , and go rent Italian Job , an action movie with a litte class , and some real thrills .
 It 's ot as funny and interesting as the first movie . Will and Martin 's acting are still good but there 's no script for them to play .
 Watching this movie for the first time , I was expecting it to be one of the biggest action flicks of all time , but was seriously dissapointed when there was nothing new or original in this film . All of the action sequences had been done before , or done better recently
 While I 've seen worse films , few films that I have ever seen combine action , comedy , and dialog as sloppy as this overlong , over-loud , over-stupid , over-profanic , and over-offensive piece . The editing on the action scenes , which are frequent , is undiniably bad , making them frustrating and nausiating to watch . The movie 's comedy all falls flat , and is often offensive and mean spirited . The dialog is incomprehesibly bad ; I do n't mind that there 's a lot of profanity , I mind that profanity is used to be sick , mean , and stupid . The plot from the begining is just a throwaway . From the beginging with , of all things , a drug bust on a KKK group , with frequent use of the N word to try to be funny , and an action scene like all the preceding others that half the time one ca n't tell where another person is shooting , I knew it was bad . Why , oh why , does this movie clog over two hours ? It should have been 90 minutes max , but even if it had been I 'd still be saying the same things . Terrible film .
 It 's hard to imagine that anyone out there could actually have been clamoring for a sequel to 1995 's `` Bad Boys . '' Yet , eight years later , along came `` Bad Boys II '' to remind us that even the least deserving film can get itself a follow-up , provided it has the right amount of high-powered corporate backing and big enough names in the cast to get the job done . As with most sequels , this one comes replete with a Roman numeral neatly tucked behind its title to give it that extra special touch of class . However , in this case , perhaps the II really stands for `` twice as bad . `` This new film , which is indeed even longer , dopier and duller than the original , once again stars Will Smith and Martin Lawrence as two Miami P.D. undercover cops who spend most of their time kvetching at one another in between car chases and shootouts -LRB- and often during as well -RRB- . As this is a Michael Bay film , rest assured that the gun battles and vehicular mayhem have been designed on so grand and epic a scale that we wonder that the entire city of Miami along with a good part of Cuba have n't been reduced to rubble by the time Smith and Lawrence are done doing their thing.The nominal plot involves the partners tracking down a Cuban drug kingpin -LRB- yawn -RRB- who is smuggling Xtasy to the states hidden inside gutted corpses . This allows for some truly vile humor at the expense of some innocent dead bodies -LRB- `` Six Feet Under '' this definitely is not -RRB- . To complicate matters , Lawrence 's beautiful kid sister is also working undercover for the NEA and the fretting Lawrence does everything he can to make her job all that much more difficult.The screenplay by Ron Shelton and Jerry Stahl encompasses every cop buddy clich&eacute; known to mankind . First , we have the hyper distraught captain who somehow fails to see the genius behind the boys ' unconventional crime fighting methods . Then , in place of characterization , the boys engage in a running repartee of stale jokes and tiresome put downs that continues on even though all around them bullets are flying and bodies are piling up . Finally , there is the threatened sundering of the team over petty differences and the equally inevitable patching up of differences at the end . And the humor is so lowbrow that the film lacks even the saving grace of laughter to make it all bearable . Basically , this sequel is just another opportunity for Bay to beat his audience over the head with frenetic editing and mind numbing action . `` Bad Boys II '' might have been more aptly named if they had simply dropped the word `` Boys '' out of the title altogether . It would at least have given audiences a more truthful and accurate description of the contents .
 I 'm not sure I can ever cleanse my psyche of this towering pile of celluloid vomit .
 I figured the I might as well see what this film has to offer , so I rented it and discovered that - yes Michael Bay does create crazy action stunts - but the writing/dialogue is so poor . Martin Lawrence 's character is almost as annoying and Eddie Murphy as the ass in Shrek . I realize that this film is designed for the hyper-macho idiot - but the stupid homophobic dialogue is really unnecessary -LRB- even if it is embraced by it 's audience -RRB- . Even thought Will Smith 's character is the Homophobe , he does come off as the Action Film Star and continue his success in this genre . The film has a great look to it , as some very nice camera work / effects .
 Dear Michael Bay : What were you thinking with this film ? It 's bad enough that you insulted the memories of WWII veterans who died on December 7th 1941 with PEARL HARBOR
 Word of advice to Will , if your gon na make sequels , make one on `` Ali '' thats better than this honk of trash . I ca n't even review this so-called film , it 's SO BAD .
 Long , tedious action adventure with repetitive dialog , bad plot holes , and generally boring characters is how to describe this little foray into following up the characters from Bad Boys.Marcus and Mike are out about , trying to find some ecstasy they 've been alerted about . They get into a bunch of fights , a bunch of car chases , they get in trouble , they argue with each other . Then they go and they get into another fight , then they get in trouble , only this time they argue with each other first . Then they argue with each other , then get into a fight , then get in trouble . Then they get into trouble , argue with each other , and get into a fight . The fights ? The same thing , over and over again . Marcus is upset because he feels his life is in danger . Mike is upset because he feels Marcus is bringing in negative energy . They parody relationship therapy.There 's another thing happening . It 's this Cuban antagonist . We do n't really care about him , really . He just kind of runs around , being Cuban and evil and all . Then we get to see him get angry at people . Then he becomes devious . Then he becomes malicious and angry again.So we watch , for over two hours , with just enough action to keep it moving . Action that involves a certain camera movement , then a reverse shot , then the same camera movement , then the same reverse shot , then the same camera movement , then the same reverse shot ... The only truly interesting action scene occurred in that house with the Rastafarians , with that spinning camera thing . That was pretty clever . That 's why this film got any stars at all from me.Really , all I got from this film was the feeling that the filmmakers were trying to make the Bad Boys series , if there will ever be one -LRB- probably ... -RRB- into the Lethal Weapon series . I also got a lot of stuff about terrible psychoanalysis which was , to me , Michael Bay telling the world that male attraction to action adventure movies is not some weird psychoanalitical crazy mess , but just good natured fun . Which is why the movie got a bit more of a higher rating from me.Otherwise , wow , was that tedious . -- PolarisDiB
 Modern movie action , not much of a story . All special effects and crazy car chases .
 Rating System :1 star = abysmal ; some movies deserve to be forgotten2 star = poor ; a total waste of time3 star = good ; worth the effort4 star = very good ; bordering on artistic genius5 star = fantastic ; must own it and share it with othersSTORY
 This movie sucked . Plain and simple . If you are under the age of 25 . This might appeal to you because you are too dense to understand plots . Car chases and shoot em up 's are what is mostly on this dumb movie , which again ... will appeal to these `` let 's lower my 1994 honda civic and pretend it 's a race car '' generation of stupid kids . Weak ...
 Well what can I say about this movie that has n't already been said ? Let 's start with the action , there was way too much of it I mean how many car crashes and gun fights do you have to do , we got the point . About 75 % of this film was action and the other 25 % was just mindless repetitive talking or cursing cause there sure was a lot of that . For example , I left the room for about 30 minutes and when I came back I asked my brother what I missed and he said nothing but talking . Could they have just gotten to the point , maybe it would have been better , on second thought maybe not.Which brings me to my second criticism , the actors/characters . Martin and Will just was n't the same for me , where their banters and wisecracks were funny and fresh in the first one , they just came off as dry and contrived in this one . Do n't get me wrong , they still had chemistry , but it was n't as natural as it was in the first movie . The captain was annoying in this one , he was cool in the first one but in this one he talked too much and said the same stuff over and over again , all he talked about was how Mike and Marcus screw up his life . It was nice to see Marcus ' family -LRB- not his sister -RRB- in it with the kids grown up they fit in nicely -LRB- and they were the only thing that fit nicely -RRB- , they were in it as mere supporting players just like they were in the first movie and that was good . Did we really need Gabrielle 's character in it as Marcus ' sister and Mike 's love interest , I think not . She was just thrown in there to create conflict between Mike and Marcus and to get kidnapped by the bad guy so Mike and Marcus have an excuse to get mad creating more unnessary action . Besides I do n't like Gabrielle 's acting anyway , she just comes off fake and one dimensional in basically all of her roles . It would be really easy for me to blame the failure of this movie on her , but that 's not fair because it 's not all her fault . Will 's and Martin 's acting was n't up to par either in this one.Now for the plot , can we say predictable , it was all about busting some drug lord who kidnapped their girl and made them mad , blah blah blah . It was basically a rehash of the first movie with excess baggage . What they could have done was had Tea 's character Julie join the force and have Mike and Marcus showing her the ropes while they bust up some bad guy or something like that . At least Tea had chemistry with the boys unlike Gabrielle , plus I would have liked to see Julie and Mike hook-up instead of having him and Gabrielle 's character forced down my throat because they did n't convince me as lovers at all.Overall , they tried too hard to make this movie bigger and badder than the first one and they came up short , that 's why I 'm not a big fan of most sequels . After seeing the classic , memorable Bad Boys 1 and waiting 8 years for the sequel , needless to say I 'm highly disappointed . It might have been better if they would have made this sequel 2 years after the first one when it was planned because Martin and Will were still on top of their games back then and it might not have been so contrived as it is today , but who knows . Since they made us wait so long and the movie was n't even all that , I say they should have just stuck with the first movie and forgot about the sequel . I recommend Bad Boys 1 if you have n't seen it and recommend you skip Bad Boys 2 .
 Bad Boys II is a really remarkable film . I thought the cynicism of Hollywood had kind of peaked , that the contempt the industry holds its own audience in could n't be more pronounced . I was very wrong.I do n't own this DVD , nor will I. I happened upon this film on cable recently , and was amazed at Michael Bay 's latest ` gift ' to the public.Bad Boys II is a seriously pumped up version of its own kind of movie . These movies are sold on the premise that you 've seen it before , and you 'll see it again , and it 'll be more expensive , and stupider . And that 's it . It 's an amazing example of this kind of movie , period . Perhaps the best of its kind . Unfortunately it 's kind happens to be complete garbage.There was a time when I could enjoy this type of film with no thought , and that was probably when I was n't even old enough to see it in the theater . And if you 're 12 years old , or you have the IQ of a 12 year old , this movie is ideal.Michael Bay is excellent at what he does , which is make gorgeous , technically amazing films that are completely brainless , and totally irrelevant . And even in this , I think he 's starting to falter.The movie concerns the further exploits of two Miami ` bad boy ' cops who take on , surprise , a drug baron . Their commanding officer chews them out , they use excessive force , a good portion of Miami and part of Cuba get blown up , the bodies pile up , the cliches fly , the action is edited like a commercial , which is what this film is.At this point , I would have more respect if the film carried a disclaimer at the beginning that flat-out told the audience
 Will Smith-if you get paid 20 million dollars a movie , then should at least try and not deliver a project that is a complete pile of crap . This movie pales in comparison to the original . The airplane hangar they blew up in the first movie was constructed by Fred Howland , my granfather rest in peace .
 Sorry , I usually like this sort of movie , but I found the violence to be tedious and painful to watch at times . It just keeps going and going and going . Should have only been 90 minutes not 142 . The car chase on the bridge was awesome though . If you want a brain dead action movie with massive violence then this is it .
 Critic said `` the worst film of the year '' . I really did n't believe that because I went see the first and it is OK . With movie technology improving these years , I thought how bad it gon na be ? Well , if you got the same thought , better finish my review . `` A lot blows and non-stop stupid jokes '' . That 's what I heard from the critic during the interview of The Best Damn Sport Show . After I saw the movie , I realize there 's no better way to describe this movie . I 'm so glad that I did n't go to the movie theater and throw $ 12 away . To be honest , I do even want to see the second DVD which including deleted scenes and productions . A lot people mad about Matrix sequels , but if you want to see real good highway chasing , go to see Reloaded instead of Bad Boys . After 90 mins of torturing , I have to say that I should have listened to Roeper .
 This movie is crass and vulgar . Only watched half of it . Pick it up in the discount bin in a few months , if you really want it
 Once upon a time , director Michael Bay made a fun and thrilling action film called `` The Rock '' . The box office success of that film did something do his brain , as he suddenly believed that he could do anything and everything he wanted - no action sequence was too over-the-top , no terrible line of dialogue was too embarrassing . Since `` The Rock '' , Bay has delievered `` Armageddeon '' and `` Pearl Harbor '' , two films infamous for drowning in their own self-importance , tricking the filmakers into thinking that we actually cared about the cliched characters they were making . I write all of this back story to say that all of the worst filmaking techniques that Michael Bay indulged in his two previous films are blown to outlandish proportions here . `` Bad Boys II '' makes `` Armageddeon '' look like Oscar material - if not the worst film of 2003 , it was certainly one of the lamest and most disappointing.There are many problems with this film , but the central one is that this is essentially an OK 95-minute film blown into a merciless 140-minute one . The action scenes are actually quite good , but they come so often and are so overblown that they quickly become numbing . The gore level is ridiculously high - how many times do we really need to see a bullet blowing out the back of a guy 's head in slow motion ? The scence where Smith and Lawrence mess around with ecstacy-stuffed corpses is downright sickening - apparently the filmakers thought this was funny . The only thing that I can recommened from `` Bad Boys II '' are the scenes of the comic bantering between Smith and Lawrence - they keep the film from becoming unwatchable.I suppose Michael Bay fans will like this , but there are better ways to spend two and a half hours of your life . Go out with friends , spend time with someone you care about , watch some old classic action films . Any of these are much better than watching `` Bad Boys II '' , and at least you will feel like you 're being productive .
 I was a Bad Boys fan . But after this , no longer . The original 1995 flick was no masterpiece , but it was a fun , enjoyable movie with great action scenes and an excellent rapport between the two lead stars . Where does Bad Boys II go horribly wrong you say ? Well , Director Michael Bay has stuck to the original formula -LRB- lots of shootouts , crass jokes , lots of attitude etc -RRB- . So what 's the problem ? Key word
 This would have garnered a one star if not for a bit of Martin Lawrence , the presence of a nice Ferrari , and the marvelously creepy guy from Fargo . Truly awful , derivative Hollywood mega-movie-sequel-itis dreck . I felt like I was watching an intellectual property / storyline rip-off of the superior Miami Vice . From drugs transported in corpses , to the inevitable showdown w / the drug dealer on his home turf in Cuba , this film was just horrible and made one appreciate the Michael Mann 's treatment the first time around in the early-80 's . The ubiquitous Will Smith and his trademark smarminess are painful to watch , while sadly , Martin has to handle the straight guy role without much enthusiasm . After seeing grand cinema like the epic Return of the King , this just makes me groan . Why even bother with plot synopses , I 've had enough of this .
 This movie is dull , and annoying too ! `` First off , I 've never seen the first ` Bad Boys ' movie . Maybe I 've seen a few minutes of that flick from HBO , but not enough to know much about it . Due to sibling integrity , I decided to watch `` Bad Boys II '' ; let me just say that if this sequel is anything like the original , then thank goodness I did n't get a chance to see that pile of junk!Some foreign druglord has been making millions of deniro selling fatal Ecstasy pills to unsuspected civilians , mostly ravers , while trying to be victorious in a drugwar against some other foreign druglord and his buddies ` by any means necessary ' , so Will and Martin as LAPD officers is gon na try and stop him whle they work out their own personal problems . Yes , that 's all Columbia Pictures can think about for a so-so plot , but with comedy celebrities like Will Smith and Martin Lawrance in this film , what can go wrong ? -LRB- car crashes , countless amount of violence and peril occuring in film -RRB- Okay , I take that back.To make up for the already-used-up-many-times plot , Columbia Pictures uses its trademark formula to make this movie shine
 Poor quality . DVD was severely scratched when received . Disappointed that the entire movie skips , makes it difficult to enjoy watching .
 I truly enjoyed Bad Boys 1 . I thought it was funny , action-packed , and had a decent story . It 's a shame that Bad Boys 2 decided to go the all-action route and limit it 's humor and storyline.Many of the original characters return , including Will Smith as Mike Lowrey and Martin Lawrence as Marcus Burnett . Marcus has joined his captain , played by the always funny Joe Pantoliano , and some of his comrades in denouncing violence and trying to control his anger . Lowrey , on the other hand , is the exact opposite . If he does n't get to shoot at someone , it was a bad day . In this installment , the men find themselves gunning on Johnny Tapia , a local man believed to be tied to an import of ecstasy . Along the way , Marcus discovers that his sister , a DEA agent purportedly stuck to a desk from 9-5 , is actually an undercover agent also trying to bring down Tapia . To complicate matters even further , Mike and his sister are having an affair from a chance meeting in New York a month ago . The storyline is fine , and the character interaction is great , but the action scenes appear to come out of nowhere and serve no real purpose in this film.Without the overabundance of car chases and shootings , the movie would be 100 minutes instead of 150 minutes . What disapoints me the most is that Michael Bay , the director , appeared to put more thought into setting up and destroying things then he did in actually devising a plot that was n't paper-thin and reminiscent of every body-cop movie since Lethal Weapon . The extras on disc two prove this . Every featurette talks about the action sequences and how they were set up and pulled off . While they were cool , they were also unecessary and took away from the main focus of this movie.I would n't recommend this movie unless you want to see a long movie with a ton of car chases and no real plot .
 We lost count of the number of people killed in this supposed comedy . The special effects are pretty good , but the purpose of the movie seems to be to desensitise the audience to violent killings . Also , most of the killings seemed to have little to do with the lengthy story .
 I did n't like this very droll movie . It was unbelievable , and plot less . There was some plot there , but it was messed with by the illogical sequences.When I saw it , I thought of a bad version of `` Scarface . '' I swear , the scene where they chop up the body was trying to pay homage to the Chainsaw scene in Scarface . It was `` bloody '' awful -LRB- pun intended ! -RRB- I love most Martin Lawerence movies , and see most in the theater -LRB- or DVD 's these days . -RRB- Ironically , I dislike most Will Smith movies . Do n't know why . But together , they are gold , usually better than Martin alone . But this entire movie was a mess.What I did like
 I 'm not a fan of these shoot-em-up movies starting former rappers . Bad Boys 2 is no exception.It 's a little `` too typical '' for me . The bad guys are brutally shot to death . The good guys get into wild cars chases which causes damage to public property . And as always , there 's that one police captain who is always furious at his rouge cops but never fires them.And of course Will Smith ends up with a good-looking girl on his arm by the end of the movie .
 Buyer beware-This seller assured me that they would accept my return and later recanted . Here 's what they said ... `` If still not happy with your product , just let us know and we will provide you a US backsending adress . `` best your TWS-Team . Instead , I was stuck with a DVD with a region code 2 ... I do n't like being lied to or being taken advantage of ... Be careful regarding sellers like this one !!
 While I enjoyed the seemingly non-injurious chase scene on a Miami freeway bridge , and the consequence of the repeated ridiculous decisions to chain a big dog to an above-ground-pool support pole , I did not permit my son to see the remainder of this horribly violent movie.Gratuitous violence of any kind is a perverse and cruel decision that shows contempt for the sacred right to life and undermines the very foundation of all civil society . Further , Bad Boys II appears to show contempt for Catholic traditions by comparing a Cuban drug lord to Christ in his moment of ultimate sacrifice.I would have preferred that the script not feed rising global hatred for the United States by showing a face of complete disrespect for human life and property.The ends do not justify the means , and we should always respect the United States constitution when portraying United States black-ops , which do not always use such violent and deadly means to rescue hostages.For example , scriptwriters should look to the TV series ALIAS for an example of how to show a better face for the United States . The script could have shown a successful outcome by shooting persons with tranquillizer darts , especially when in a religious shrine.The use of high explosives to blow-up a Cuban palace appearing as a religious shrine was disrespectful to Catholics and Christians everywhere . Did the CIA black-ops volunteers die when the Cuban palace was blown-up ? `` If together we can succeed in eliminating from our hearts any trace of rancor , in resisting every form of intolerance and in opposing every manifestation of violence , we will turn back the wave of cruel fanaticism that endangers the lives of so many people , '' Pope Benedict XVI.The movie deserves its one star `` R '' rating .
 i only have 5 words to say to you DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY thank you .
 If you have seen the first scarecrow movie you will probally know what to expect , well I did ` int and I loved the original . First of all the movie acts like the first one did ` int even happen , besides that little fact I thought the movie was going to be as fun as the the first ... I was WRONG !! . I could live with a diffirent story but I could ` int live with really bad actors -LRB- If you thought the actors in the first were bad wait till you hear these -RRB- spitting out lines from a -LSB- bad -RSB- script , and to top it all off they put in really chessy computer effects.I would only buy this movie if it were around 5 bucks but if you ca n't find it that cheap just rent it .
 This movie STINKS ! The first one was at least acceptable as a B movie . This is just garbage . Seriously , my kids Goosebumps DVD 's are of better acting ability , scare and quality . Movies like this belong in the toilet , with all the other ... stuff .
 I have seen bad movies in my time but this one just may rank at the top of the list . If you want to see the worst special effects ever done in a movie you have to watch this turkey . I would really be embarassed for life if I was seen in this travesty by people who know me . Horrible acting and the plot is from somewhere out of this world . Also there is not one single scene in this dud that could scare you even if it came to life and jumped out of your tv screen . I certainly would n't invite anybody over to watch this unless they needed some sleep which they would be doing in a short while while viewing it .
 Scarecrow Slayer is an abomination of a movie . This concerning -LRB- Mary -RRB- chasing whole movies by the scarecrow . Acting , it looks similar to college student . It was likely jeepers creeper and but more realistic than scarecrow . There performed was terrible , it felt like there be no director at all . The scarecrow then goes around killing people . There are no straight points in this movie .
 I rented this and was shocked at how bad it was . Acting was bad , effects looked like they were done with a $ 200 video camera , story was laughable . Funniest thing is , Tony Todd was so serious about his role on the `` Behind the scenes '' . Warning
 I 'm not sure if this is the worst movie I have ever seen , but it comes close.However , it is difficult to make such a claim , because this movie really does n't compare to many other bad movies I have seen . Some just look like the sloppy work of Hollywood professionals . Others are bad because the filmmakers attempt to make something entertaining and fail . But this movie is different . This movie does have Tony Todd in it , but beyond having one -LRB- and only one -RRB- actor who has been in movies people have actually heard of , there is absolutely nothing professional about `` Scarecrow Slayer . '' There is no evidence that the filmmakers actually tried to produce anything remotely resembling entertainment . There is also no evidence that they could do anything like that if they wished . This looks like a home movie.Let me examine some of the flaws in detail.First , the story is absurd and stupid . Caleb Kilgore -LRB- Tony Todd -RRB- has been obsessed all his life with the scarecrow in question -LRB- it killed his father -RRB- . One night some college kids are near Kilgore 's house -LRB- barn ? -RRB- preparing for some fraternity prank and one them , Dave , gets killed when the scarecrow falls on him and Kilgore , not knowing Dave to be beneath the scarecrow , shoots both of them . Somehow , Dave becomes the scarecrow and he begins slicing up people with his scythe -LRB- or throwing them to death or smashing their heads behind doors -RRB- in his apparent attempt to kidnap his girlfriend , Mary , and turn her into another scarecrow . -LRB- At least I think that 's what happened . It was n't entirely clear in the movie ; I had to use the summary on the DVD box to know exactly what was supposed to be going on . -RRB- Second , the acting is bad . Most of the scenes were probably filmed in one take , so I will forgive the actors on their sloppy performances . -LRB- Of course , that is not to say that any of the actors have any talent . -RRB- Third , the camera work is horrible . Anytime you see lights in this movie , you also see glare . The picture is grainy , too . It was probably shot on an 8mm camcorder . Fourth , there is no sense of continuity or attention to detail . At one point , for example , a car is abandoned in a field , it later ends up parked next to a fence for no reason . It is also unclear how long time passes in the story . There is evidence both that the movie takes place over the course of one night and that it takes place over the course of a few days . What is the right answer ? Who knows ? -LRB- And who cares ? -RRB- And the special effects ? They get a new paragraph . The special effects were quite literally the worst I have ever seen in any movie . That may seem like quite a statement , but you must realize that it is relative . If this movie had been made in say , the 1930s , I would only call the special effects mediocre . But this movie was made in 2003 , and there are several sequences that literally look as if the special effects were produced on the director 's laptop -LRB- assuming this movie had room in its budget for a laptop PC -RRB- . And I am not exaggerating . You could probably recreate some of those sequences by buying some home-video-editing software from the bargain bin at CompUSA or downloading software from the Internet.Finally , the supposedly remarkable climactic battle of scarecrow vs. scarecrow is mindbogglingly atrocious . Here 's the background to this scene
 How can a movie with karate fighting scarecrows be all bad ? The gore effects are done using video images , which is not at all convincing but still interesting . Some of the scenes are genuinely funny . Many scenes involve people getting in and out of cars.If you are a fan of these type of films , you might want to sit through this once .
 Awful ! I 'm gon na keep this short and simple
 I have to admit I laughed out loud at some of the dialogue and incredibly stupid things that go on in this movie . The dumb blonde girl had some really stupid lines but delivered them so sincerely , I howled . For instance , when one of the so-called Marines says he has a bumble bee to kill the scarecrow , she lamely asks why use a bug ? Is the scarecrow allergic to bees ? Oh , my . . and when the doctor at the seriously understaffed hospital offers cookies I about lost mine . And just who is the chick the cop is in bed with ? And is his partner , Rachel , his wife ? And what happens to her ? The effects are ridiculous ; the stuntman scarecrow 's acrobatics are hilarious . There is no acting at all , and poor Tony Todd 's presence does nothing to legitimize this awful -LRB- but awfully funny -RRB- travesty . I think I 'll give up on these scarecrow movies now that I 've been assaulted with so many bad ones . -LRB- Jeepers Creepers is an exception -RRB- .
 I can not explain how bad this movie is!I bought both of the scarecrow movies together for $ 5.50 . I read the back and they sounded awseume.I made a huge mistake!This movie has horrible effects and horrible acting.I watched the first movie first and hated it.Then I watched this one and it made the first one look like a masterpiece.Thats how bad it is.I am beating my self up for waisting my money on this piece of crap !! It is so horrible and boring!Dont make the mistake I did.Dont even waist your money on renting this crap!Its awful !!
 Well , after seeing the first Scarecrow , I was pretty sure they could n't do a worse Scarecrow , but I was wrong , wrong , wrong , baby . Only Hatred of a Minute this movie from being perhaps the worst horror movie in the universe -- although House of the Dud would give this movie a fine brawl . First of all , to make sure that I 'm getting things straight , apparently , in the Scarecrow `` Mythos '' , if you die within eight feet of a scarecrow -- ostensibly any scarecrow -- your soul will jump into the scarecrow 's body . So , if you 're feeling a little thin in the skin , hotfoot it to your local cornfield ASAP . Then , all you have to do is wait for some chick to kill you with fire or a garden thresher , and your soul will jump into HER body . See how it works?What in the blue hell happened to the Candyman ? Dear God . He was on the X-Files once , he was the Candyman , he was the Grim Reaper in those Final Destination movies . How did he end up here ? Somebody out there call this poor guy and give him another decent role in a functioning movie . But of course , not even the Candyman , the Grim Reaper , Chuckie , the Creature from the Black Lagoon , Dracula , `` the Humungus '' , the Tooth Fairy , Captain Kirk , Shooter McGavin or the Main Man Jason Voorhees could save this stinkbomb.At the beginning of the movie , the Candyman has the Scarecrow trapped , lashed to a post , but was this supposed to be the Scarecrow from the first movie ? Because THAT Scarecrow ended up soul-jumping into that chick with the gigantic ... uh ... smile . Not to mention that fact that this new Scarecrow was supposed to have killed the Candyman 's father several decades earlier . You ca n't even keep up with this crap , although , it might be easier if you gave a flying corncob . Anyway , the main guy of the movie gets croaked , jumps into the Scarecrow , and turns all evil for whatever reason . Also , throughout all of this , there 's this screwball mass acceptance of the whole Scarecrow thing as some sort of lore to which everyone is automatically privy . There 's alot of this
 This direct-to-video garbage centers around a scarecrow that takes over a college boy 's soul and turns him into a killer . This is about as bad as it gets . The actors do their best . The lighting is good . The script is ok . The only person I can blame is the director and producer . As I watched this , I kept thinking `` How could you make a movie this bad ? Even accidentally ? '' . A first year film student with an IQ of 10 could produce something more watchable than this . I love cheesy horror , but this is by far THE worst movie I 've seen in 2 years ! Give me 500 dollars and a crew that works for free and I could create a film 1,000 times more watchable .
 ok , there is 4 main charchters . the main guy wants to join some stupid ferternity club , so he has to go still a scarecrow . the farmer catches him , goes to shoot at the scarecrow because its coming to life and misses and hits the boy . the boys soul goes into the scarecrow and he becomes this psychotic scarecrow killing everbody except his girlfriend and his guy friend . anyways i got almost to the end but was so bored i turned the dumb show off and went and did something else . the whole scarecrow idea sounded really cool to me but this movie blows ! the only reason i gave this pathetic excuse of a movie 2 stars is because it has some really cool/gory killings ! this movie is n't cheesy , scary , or funny ... just stupid ! the only reason its rated R is for Horror -LRB- which is a load of bull -RRB- , violence/gore , and language .
 My God this movie is horrible . Please people DONT buy or even rent this movie . And if you do n't believe me just look at all the other reviews . There is no plot what so ever , the acting is really bad -LRB- actors not too attractive either -RRB- , you ca n't even make out the murder scenes , the film quality is extremely bad , digital quality is extremely bad -LRB- and i do n't mean that as a matter of option , i mean its bad for anybodies standards -RRB- , the music is not timed right , and just an overall disaster . Hey , I know that alot of B-Movies were bad , but I did n't think I 'd ever see one this bad . So please if your looking for a good slasher flick pick something else .
 I was thrilled by Christopher Lambert 's , `` high-speed '' dog sled chase ... I suspended disbelief in the French Julius Caesar of Druids . I held just enough faith that there was some metephysical explanation for the vampiric bodyguards who mysteriously vanish after the first sequence of Mean Guns . Rabid Grannies have scampered across my tv screen in all their glory . Blind men are ravaged by their dogs for no reason at all in movies like Suspiria , and it 's ok . I can even accept that in some bizarre world , it 's possible to learn how to fly a fighter plane in some hidden passage of the Declaration of Independence to battle alien oppressors in Hubbard 's delusions . Even such atrociously bad movies like Bio-zombie and Dead Alive -LRB- or ... Peter Jackson original sin . -RRB- do not come close to the ... Plainly put , Scarecrow Slayer is the worst film I have ever seen ... and I 've run the gauntlet of even Christopher Lambert films and escaped with less trauma than I have from watching this movie . The only thing worse than having seen David Latt 's `` movie '' was having seen it again with friends.The acting is ... check that . . there is NO acting , except for perhaps Tony Todd . Why Tony Todd chose to act in this film . . I ca n't say . One of my friends suggested that Latt must have had some pretty good dirt on Todd ... I can not imagine the Candyman waking up one day and deciding that this was a good career move unless Latt knew about the bodies in the closet . Also noteworthy is David Castro -LRB- I KNOW I 've seen him somewhere else -RRB- as the nutball best friend who eventually becomes the second karate-practicing scarecrow . -LRB- pay special attention to his form as he back-kicks and flips his way through the final battle . . stunt double , of course . -RRB- , and Nicole Kingston in her first starring role . . I 'm sure we 'll be seeing Ms. Kinston many more times in the future . Of course . . that 's about all the cast they had money for . . it almost seems like you see names appearing twice in the credits . I was half-expecting David Latt to jump in as one of the college marine kids.It does n't get better , of course . . as one is dazzled by special effects that are worse than a two year 's stick figure crayon drawings . Cell phones screech and appear to be plastered with a giant metallic sticker to show how they 're going haywire in this thriller . Cars inexplicably turn up in different places then they were earlier . Hospitals are staffed with only two people . Doctors bake cookies to offer visitors before threatening to stick them with needles . Leading ladies throw themselves from second story windows so we may see them fall in slow motion . Phantom lights driving next to cars . . or sometimes appearing in the sky , flitter across the screen . And , while we 're at it ... since when do college kids . . -LRB- even if they plan on joining the marines -RRB- have access to enough weapons to walk down the streets of Paris in conquest ? And why in god 's name do they put these weapons down at EVERY oppurtunity . Instead of blowing up the Scarecrow with the bazooka he somehow retrieves in the course of this convoluted tale , the best friend PUTS DOWN the bazooka , and charges the Scarecrow . Which . . brings me to the Scarecrow . The saving grace . . if this movie has any , is actually the decent job done of the first scarecrow costume . While not particularly scary . . care was obviously taken in the making of that costume , while it was not taken in the making of this movie . Unfortunately , the same can not be said of the second Scarecrow 's . . kiddie halloween-looking farce.If , after you 've seen this film , you have chance to watch the informative Behind-the-Scenes , pay no attention to any equipment strewn about the set . It obviously was not used during the making of this ... movie . I almost wept as Tony Todd tried to explain his presence in the movie . . wanting only to say , '' It 's ok . . the charges wo n't stick . '' Summing up the movie perfectly , the skull-carrying ballerina crew member dances insanely during the Behind-the-Scenes portion . . bringing me to the conclusion that the makers of this travesty were all on some sort of heavy hallucinogen . Anyway . . I wrote this in the vain attempt that anyone reading it will take my advice and steer clear of this movie ... it is bad . . and not good-bad . BAD . Pay no attention to the one-star rating I gave this movie . This high school film project is not even worth that . Thanks .
 I reiterate , `` What the hell ? '' . . This movie appeared to be filmed by a bunch of intoxicated highschool jocks . My friend and I rented this movie for B-movie thrills , but all we found was a bunch of retarded co-eds running from a non-scary antagonist . Speaking of the antagonist , a freaking scarecrow , and to top that , it used to be one of their friends . And the way the guy was ` possessed ' by the scarecrow was utterly cheesy , but still funny . It looked like a horrible techno-rave scene by some guy trying to re-create a recent acid trip.I would n't recommend renting , or buying this film unless you want to have a brain aneurism . Seriously , it 's that bad . I suppose you could rent it just to make fun of it , but even then it 's horrible . I could have made a better movie using MSDOS . That is really all I have to say about this pixelated crap-fest .
 This movie has one of the most misleading descriptions -LRB- written by its American distributor ? -RRB- that I have ever read . It 's not a criticism of the film itself , but I just wish that film companies could be more honest in their descriptions . I suppose if they wrote an accurate synopsis of this film , then very few people would have seen it . Here 's the description , verbatim , on the copy I rented : `` Martin Compston , William Ruane , Annmarie Fulton and Michelle Abercromby star in this heartwarming coming-of-age film , directed by Ken Loach , about a rough-and-tough Scottish teen who wants to create a home for himself and his mother ... literally . When his mom is finally released from prison , Liam -LRB- Martin Compston -RRB- sets out to raise the money that will buy their dream house . `` OK , what that description does n't tell you is that Liam raises the money by selling drugs , that there 's nothing `` heartwarming '' about the story whatsoever -LRB- I think a better word is `` chilling '' -RRB- , and that the movie is not a coming-of-age tale , but a cinema-verit &eacute; look at the drug and underworld culture of postindustrial urban Scotland . It 's not a bad film , but it 's sometimes gratuitously depressing and dark . If you like really , really dark films about the seedy underbelly of life where there are no heroes and no happy endings , then this movie may be for you . But , do n't go by the description , or you will definitely be disappointed .
 I 've heard good things about this movie , and decided to buy it . The only problem is that I ca n't really understand the actors . Their accent or something . I did n't know the movie was made in Scotland , but also thought I would understand the actors . I should have bought `` Together '' instead .
 this film isnt very good at all.certainly not the masterpiece many claim.first things first , this is NOT typical scottish day to day living.much like a hood film like boyz n the hood , or the film kids , this film shows the most extreme example.and much like kids , this movie offers nothing more than cheap violent thrills and a bit of action.the ending is pathetic.why would he stab the guy at the end ???? the answer is he wouldnt , therefore this it is rubbish !!! im not saying people like this dont exist , but there in the minority , whereas this film pictures this as a normality.its the fact its proporting to be realistic , but is no where near realistic that is the problem.much like the movie kids , rather than offering any answers to the problems , it just says , heres some very silly and misguided people for you to have a laugh at.the plotline is very poor , not really following a logical course , building up to the poor ending.realistic ??? scottish people dont talk to each other like that !!!! i should know.ok , a very small number do.some of the dialogue is laughable in places.all of this smacks of a poorly constructed and hastily made film.and i dont think the lead character is acting that childishly brash little rogue he plays in the film , as any interview ive ever seen him in he comes across exactly like that.in short a poor movie .2 out of 5 .
 i hate this episode ; even at the end , sabrina is not sorry for melinda . how much suffering did she cause that woman ? she only reversed the spell so dave would be happy . do n't let the special appearance by melissa joan hart fool you - this program is not worth buying , especially on VHS and not DVD .
 I have watched the first series that came out on television . The first Christy was amazing to watch and share in the lives with the characters on screen or in the book . But after they found a new Christy to play the part in the continuing stories on dvd it all went down hill . It does not have a clear picture and the people that play in it are not relaxed or do well in their parts .
 I loved the TV show and was disappointed when Pax stopped showing it and I was very happy when I heard that they were making new movies but unfortunately I have to say I was disappointed and could n't get interested in this movie .
 I love the book Christy and though I think it 's usually hard for a tv or movie version of a book to totally live up to it 's namesake , the first series did this job pretty well I think . This version , however , was overacted -LRB- Other than Dr. McNeil 's character which I still think was acted pretty well -RRB- , and the characters did n't have the heart and spirit that they did in the book . The overacting and poorly done camera work make what is a great story seem hokey and dumbed down . Also many of the characters are n't very well cast either . I do n't recommend this version at all but still recommend the book and the other television version of this story .
 The 1 star is for the cast who returned from the CBS series , especially Steward Finlay-McClennan 's Dr. MacNeil ! Having loved the series & the book , I was a bit disappointed with Lauren Lee Smith , Tyne Daly & Sam W. portrayals of key characters . The original series ' cast -LRB- Kellie Martin , Tyne Daly & Randall Batinkoff -RRB- were much more realistic & believable -LRB- the movies sometimes had over-acting ... ah , what could have been ! -RRB- . All in all , perhaps ` newbies ' could start with the series before seeing the movies . For Christy fans who have a hard time swallowing Smith 's performance over Kellie Martin 's -LRB- or Miss Alice & David -RRB- , I 'd think twice before buying the movies .
 As I had watched the original series , the differences were very apparent in the change of actors , location and characters and even the theme of the story . It would have been nicer to have had the ending of the original series as the flow was n't good . I was very disappointed with their new take on the original series .
 I ORDERED A GPS . I WAS SENT A VCR TELLING ME HOW TO RUN A GPS INSTEAD , WHICH IS , OF COURSE , COMPLETELY WORTHLESS THE AD WAS DECEPTIVE . I TRIED TO COMMUNICATE MY PROBLEM BUT , THUS FAR , NO ONE CARES . DO YOU ? .
 I enjoy the movie or else I would n't have ordered it . However the quality of the film was very poor . It was grainy and the sound was not good quality . I was disappointed .
 Great Movie ! I saw this movie on the Turner Classic Channel and fell in love with it . I ordered this version and the quality does n't even compare to the one on tv . It badly blurry/foggy and the sound is just down right terrible . The studio needs to release an official dvd for this film because it is truly one of Elizabeth Taylor 's best films along with Raintree County , BUtterfiled 8 , Giant , A Place in the Sun and Cat on a Hot Tin Roof . She is an outstanding actress , one of my faves ! -LRB- one star for the dvd quality , 5 stars for the movie ! -RRB-
 I recently purchased a copy of the movie `` The Last Time I Saw Paris '' . It is one of my favorite films . As I watched the picture I noticed that the quality was very poor . White spots and reel scratches were prevelent throughout the film . It was evident that no work had been done to clean it up . I think it is terrible to treat such a great picture in this manner.It should not be sold to the public until work has been done to restore the picture to it 's original condition.a
 Uh-oh , here we go again with the `` if only I could write the novel that 's in me '' character , this time played by Van Johnson , who ca n't really seem to make a go of his marriage to free-spirited Elizabeth Taylor . He drinks , she 's a little too free-spirited . Had a hard time believing he would start to mess around with that Gabor woman when there 's a Liz in his life . Walter Pidgeon shambles about as Liz 's dad , Donna Reed looks pained and pinched as Liz 's sister who sort of lost Van to Liz . Cloying child actress as the daughter of Van and Liz annoying . There 's also something about the quality of the film they 've been showing on NYC 's Channel 13/PBS that makes me wonder whether it was recovered from a safe on the Andrea Doria.I hope this was `` The Last Time I Saw '' this movie .
 Cute and funny when it needs to be . Too drippy and inane when it tries to be sentimental.Van Johnson is a WW2 correspondent who manages to fall in love with Elizabeth Taylor , in a more amazing move Elizabeth Taylor falls in love with Van Johnson ! Walter Pigeon appears as the eccentric father of the bride and Donna Reed is the older sister who tries to run the family with good sense and is often rebuffed.When everyone is poor and struggling things hold together but when the family falls into money then everything crashes down . The journalist proves he does n't have the great American novel -LRB- or great Paris novel wither in him -RRB- . Each struggles with problems and they slowly drift apart . He to the bottle and she to another man.Then things turn sappy and sentimental and whatever charm this movie has evaporates rapidly . All the characters are so self centered I thought at first I was watching a `` Thirty-Something '' flashback set in the 40s .
 I did not find the premise for this movie to hold up . Van Johson is a frustrated writer with a drinking problem . Elizabeth Taylor is tolerable like most WWII Wives , but starts to play the field herself after a while . She gets ill and dies because of his `` malice '' towards her while he is drunk . All this is fine and could be pieced together to make a lovely , if sentimental , drama , but Van Johnson acts poorly , and even Elizabeth Taylors Fine Performance can not make the script any more exciting than it is . All in All , Even Though I am a huge Elizabeth Taylor Fan , this Movie is Dull . Rent A Place In The Sun , Butterfield 8 , Giant or Cleopatra .
 I did not find the premise for this movie to hold up . Van Johson is a frustrated writer with a drinking problem . Elizabeth Taylor is tolerable like most WWII Wives , but starts to play the field herself after a while . She gets ill and dies because of his `` malice '' towards her while he is drunk . All this is fine and could be pieced together to make a lovely , if sentimental , drama , but Van Johnson acts poorly , and even Elizabeth Taylors Fine Performance can not make the script any more exciting than it is . All in All , Even Though I am a huge Elizabeth Taylor Fan , this Movie is Dull . Rent A Place In The Sun , Butterfield 8 , Giant or Cleopatra .
 A reporter falls in love and marries a woman . He has a job and writes novels . He gives up writing . The marriage falters . With the NR rating , I was expecting at least one nude scene , but no go . I thought it was a kind of sappy romance . I would n't want to see it again .
 The movie was very good , I highly recommend watching it ... just beware of this copy of it . Very grainy . Looks like a VCR transfer onto DVD .
 The Roan Group usually represents an exceptional product that one will buy on name alone , regardless of the DVD title . Past releases have offered versions of public domain titles that far outshined the other companies by somehow obtaining original nitrite or archival quality prints . But with the purchase of their version of `` The Last Time I Saw Paris '' , I have come to realize that even Roan Group is capable of a bum product.Do yourself a favor , and pass on this one . Even Alpha offers a better print than this!UPDATE - 2012The Warner Archive has now released a beautiful print of this film which presents it in its correct aspect ratio of 1.75:1 , and the techicolor is GORGEOUS ! Look for copies here on Amazon , alot cheaper than the Warner Archive website .
 Bought this movie as a gift . Excellent movie however the quality of the movie is very very poor . Would not recommend buying . Appears to be a copy of another . Would of returned it but there is a no return unless unopened -LRB- that makes no sense -RRB- .
 It 's no fault of Amazon but please beware before purchasing this title . This was a good movie and it 's a shame no one has restored it yet . I really expected it to be much better . It looks like it was taken from an old 16MM print and just copied ; too many times . It 's very grainy and the sound is substandard . Maybe someday someone will do a good job of it .
 My husband and I are avid fans of the office and I bought him these DVDs for Christmas . Unfortunately it appears that we are missing one of the episodes from season 7 .
 The Office 's final season with Steve Carell just does n't measure up to the past six seasons . Hard to tell why . It appears as if the characters are just going through the motions of `` getting finished '' with an episode . Still one of my favorite shows , but a bit of a disappointment . I hope James Spader adds a new spark to season eight .
 This season really is all over the place . There are definitely some great episodes but there are an equal amount of straight-ahead mundane ones . The strength of this comedy-drama from series one has always been that you are laughing or feeling the tension from the drama , but with this season there are several scenes which are neither.The big news is that Carell is leaving but this is n't nearly as much of a problem as Daniels and Schur having already left to create the infinitely tighter and insanely unpredictable Parks and Rec.The main problem seems to be a lot of the dialogue probably reads really well on the page but needs to be streamlined big time for the small screen . There are numerous excrutiatingly long rants and monologues from various different characters which simply bog down the pace and mess with the comedic timing in general.Even though Season Six was also wildly inconsistent due to the ridiculously high number of writers , Bates and Carell were still able to hold it all together due to their chemistry and a kind of ` mother and son ' dynamic.If they can not get Daniels and Schur back pretty soon it may be best to quit while they are ahead .
 Amazon seems to have no way to refund a poor download . I downloaded to TIVO ... My TIVO works fine , all other downloads that day worked fine . Amazon needs to make it just a little apparent of how to deal with this . I gave up trying to figure it out and will purchase future downloads somewhere that has an apparent customer service department for these things .
 It really does n't matter to me if no one agrees with my opinion of this season , because these are personal opinions and not votes for a popularity contest.The Office has steadily declined the past three years . The character of Michael Scott , as the half-wit , half-moron , incompetent boss , was really getting old . There just were n't anymore really standout episodes that were funny . It 's like the writers just ran out of ideas , and put a new -LRB- and boring -RRB- twist to an old theme . Dwight 's and Andy 's antics were no longer funny , and the sappy , insipid relationship -LRB- okay , marriage -RRB- of Pam and Jim , was just that - sappy and insipid . The rest of the cast were just plain boring.The season finale could not have stunk any more than it did . What an anti-climax ! Yes , they will go on , because they need paychecks , but they 'll lose more viewers to the funnier `` Parks And Recreation '' as the next season goes by . This show has really bottomed-out . Only the die-hard lover 's of this show will continue watch it to its ultimate death .
 With the exception of potentially Family Guy , I consider `` The Office '' to be the greatest television comedy ever produced . Sadly , all good things must come to an end -- eventually -- and this seventh season emphasizes that quote more than any of the previous six efforts.Here 's the problem -LRB- s -RRB- with Season Seven
 I 'll start by saying The Office is probably my all-time favorite comedy . My problem with this season -LRB- and the end of last -RRB- is that the realistic nature of the show is gone . All the characters are completely over the top and unbelievable , and it just does n't suck me in . I think if you just started watching it in the past year or so , you might not notice this and like the new episodes , but it 's not the same show I became a huge fan of . The whole premise of the show is a documentary of a real office , with believable things happening -LRB- to a degree ... i mean , it is a TV show after all -RRB- . In the episode where Dwight is acting manager , he accidentally shoots a gun into the ground , but is n't fired or even reprimanded . Seriously ? Compare that with earlier seasons when Michael quoted a racially inappropriate skit from Chris Rock , and he got in trouble for that ... but Dwight does n't get in trouble for firing a loaded weapon . Like I said - the show started of as something very believable , and now it 's just a TV show going for a cheap laugh . I knew I was going to be unhappy from the opening of the season with the whole dancing/YouTube thing they did . Most of the episodes I shut off half way through because I was so uninterested in what was going on.I think this show made a big mistake putting Pam and Jim together so early AND making their relationship go so perfectly once they did . How boring is it that they get along so great ? It sums up the show 's path in general , and what another reviewer said - the show used to be a drama with comedy naturally coming from the characters interactions . I used to tune in every week to find out what was going to happen ... and also laugh my butt off in the process . Now it 's just a bunch of jokes without purpose and significant context.That said - the writers got their act together for Michael 's final episode . It was hands down the best episode in the past 2 years , and was just well done all around . The writers made me feel like I was personally saying goodbye to Michael . Not to mention Michael and Jim 's goodbye was one of the best scenes the show has ever done . Then Michael mouthing `` that 's what she said '' after taking off his microphone pack ... absolutely brilliant . To me , that episode was the end of the series . Here 's to hoping they bring back Michael for the actual finale and send the show off right .
 This is an Erin heavy episode and for whatever reason her acting has gotten considerably worse with every episode . Has she maybe been given the news that she is getting the ax and just not trying anymore ? We shall see .
 It 's difficult to feel mean spirited and snide after listening to Oliver Mtukudizi 's music , but I was so frustrated with the editing of this dvd I want to warn others so they do not end up with the same feelings . Though there seemed to be many cameras on stage to film the show , and at times , they had some great shots of Tuku and his band members , the editing was terrible . Terrible as in either the editor was on speed , impatient , or owed the keyboard player and the drummer some kind of special attention . During the times when you might have a chance to see Tuku and Eric Kasamba play together , which is always a highlight of the show , you instead get cuts back and forth from over the drummers shoulder to tight shots of the keyboard players hands . Not just one or two , but over and over again . There are more close up shots of key board playing hands then there are of Tuku . I counted up to 22 times in one song where close ups of the keyboard players hands occurred when Tuku and his singers were dancing together . Which would you rather see ? If you answered , `` I do n't want to purchase this dvd to see Oliver Mtukudzi , '' then this is the dvd for you . Aside from being a lot more action through editing than a film needs , it was kind of like being at a show and right when you are about to get inspired by what 's on stage , the tall guy in front stands up and you ca n't see a thing . Too bad . Oliver Mtukudzi and the Black Spirits are some of the best on the planet and I wanted to have just a little chance to see them in my living room since they are n't touring all that much these days . And , I got just a little chance , but not worth the money .
 First off , I am a big fan of Dolph Lundgren . I say that so you will know that I 'm not just sitting here writting a review for a film staring someone that I do not like in the first place . The Minion , what can say about this movie . One word , terrible . From start to finish , it was just bad . Dolph 's acting was wooden , the script was bad , the directing was bad and the supporting cast were bad , particularly the guy who played the lead investigating officer , you guessed it ! The movie looked cheap and its main action set piece was lifted straight from The Terminator police station massacre . Hard to believe from the fight scenes in this movie that Dolph Lundgren was once the European Heavyweight Full-Contact Karate Champion and Australian heavyweight division title champion in the 80 's . I know he is supposed to be playing a priest but I 'm sure even a priest could fight better than Dolph does in this . Having a Demon pass from person to person is a good plot device that we have seen before and could of been good had it been done well . Unfortunatly the makers of the movie even managed to make these scenes when they happened , look stupid . Two people gave this 5 star reviews on Amazon . The only reason I can think of for doing this is that they are now trying to sell their copies of The Minion used , and are hoping for a better price by giving a top mark review for this trash . Dolph Lundgren is an intelligent person and should know better than to be involved in movies like this . Very dissapointing . Avoid , avoid , avoid ...
 This movie is really really a stinker . All the action is poorly done , and comes off even cheasier then it should . Most of the acting is horrible , and the story is bland . Nothing in this movie does what it should -LRB- hello it ca n't even keep its religions straight -RRB- . I would say that it was because of a low budget , but the movie had $ 12,000,000 . They could at least have made some of the fights look good , but sadly no . If you are in need of a good horror movie rent `` Kolobos '' or `` Bloody Murder '' -LRB- the latter is super cheesy and low budget but is way better then this movie -RRB- . Try something else because this is a pretty lame movie . Although it is still better then `` End Of Days '' .
 The people who made this movie evidently have never even seen a good movie . I work at a video store so I saw it for free , but I still feel cheated , I wasted an hour and a half .
 This video brings some very good voices . Pavarotti is not exactly the best Radames ever , but his performance is no less than good . The problem is the production itself . The scenery has no charm , the triumphal march is NO triumpahl march , and the ballet scenes are just dreadful . All production is very amateur and it is amazing that such an important theater like the La Scalla was not able to bring us anything better than this . I do NOT recommend it to anyone , even if you are a great Aida fan .
 This production of Aida should , unlike small children , be heard but not seen . One imagines that , having paid for Mr. Pavorotti , La Scala had insufficient funds for sets and costumes . The triumphal march was a travesty . Glorious singing indeed , but I already have a wonderful CD ; I was hoping for a fine , or at least good performance . Not here .
 Of course , in opera the voice has to be the first priority . Perhaps we have come too much today to expect the singers to look good , but the fact is that an opera is different from a concert - and in this production of Aida , the singers seem so far removed from anything approaching real characterization , contented to assume a series of stock opera poses . What a crime this is when Verdi 's music is packed with emotion and depth.Not for a second did I believe that Aida and Radames were in love . Only in the final moments in the tomb does Chiara touch Pavorotti in the way a total stranger might comfort someone who has lost his dog . It 's bad enough that she is costumed to look like Jasmine in Disney 's `` Aladdin '' and coveys every bit as much depth as that ink and paint two-dimensional cartoon . Look at the photo on the cover - Pavorotti leaning over awkwardly , looking nothing but bored and Chiara assuming Soprano pose # 4 `` Wide Open Arms , Embracing Eternity '' . But far , far worse is the moment after `` Patria mia '' when she breaks character -LRB- such as it is -RRB- to acknowledge the applause - absolutely disgusting . I do n't care that it 's Scala or that there is some ridiculous romatic notion that divas are expected to exhibit such shamelessly self-indulgent behaviour . It is the absolute depth of unprofessionalism , uttlerly repulsive ; and it shows what a meaningless , shallow performance that is unfortunately captured on this disk.As the young reviewer on this very page states - better to go with Price 's farewell at the Met . She 's no Meryl Streep , but she acts like she gives a -- .
 This is visually one of the classiest Adas I 've ever seen , with sumptuous sets and costumes taken directly from suggestions made by French Egyptologist Auguste Mariette who had -LRB- anonymously -RRB- suggested the topic to Verdi for an opera set in Egypt . But musically this is strictly a bush-league production . The orchestra sets the tone for what is to come in an out-of-tune prelude . And their playing does n't get much better . Icelandic tenor Kristj&aacute;n J&oacute;hansson , as Radam&egrave;s , has a fairly pleasant voice but he resorts to bawling in his upper range , his acting is wooden , and frankly his big aria ` Celeste Ada ' is excruciating . But this is nothing compared to the squawly Ada of Maria Chiara who was fifty-three and whose voice was worn and wobbly when this Verona Arena production was presented in 1992 . She may have been a much better singer earlier in her career but here she is difficult hear . The secondary characters fare better
 This is an incredible Aida for Luciano Pavarotti . I have never heard him in such a good voice for a dramatic tenor role . But please cut off the video and just hear him otherwise you will be extremely disappointed by this DVD . The acting is so so bad -LRB- by everyone -RRB- . Pavarotti having his knee problem never moved on stage . Chiara 's acting is even worse . Dimitrova has an ugly voice . The best amneris I ever heard was Ghorr in the Solti , Vickers , Price recording.OVerall ... NOT recommended ... the MET production with Domingo , millo is excellent !
 First things first
 Lots was written and I will keep mine short : Good
 If you want a good Aida video , get The Met version with Domingo and Millo , Zajick , Milnes and a fantastic production from begininng to end . This La Scala version is almost funny it 's so bad . The singers just stand like statues staring at the conductor - not even an attempt to act the roles or relate to each other . The sets are comical and the costumes off someone 's old rack . Unless you are a real fan of the cast members -LRB- Pav is in good voice doing his concert schitchk , arms outstreched , eyes closed & the usual `` do n't you just love me grin '' on his face ; Dimitrova stiffly swoops and screams her way through , eyes glued to the conductor ; Chiara has poses and so-so voice with -0 - emotion -RRB- . Too bad The Met is n't available on DVD . I have tape and LD . Even on tape , it 's better than this version . Boring is the word for this performance . Verdi would not approve !! PASS ON IT !
 Aida is one of the most popular operas of the repertoire , but this DVD , released in Brazil years ago by Opera on DVD collection , the staff of the Scala di Milano stepped on the ball.The scenarios are heavy , loaded to the extreme , over-colored and a size no geekiness . The costumes are of a bad taste tremendo.Bregas and grimaces , that more resemble a costume party where everyone wants to enjoy.The makeup of the protagonists to the brink galhofa.Tudo comes together in the Triumphal March , the apex of the excess.Pavarotti 's voice is excellent , is in its best days . But his large body round Panchaia not remember a warrior ready to defend their homeland . Scaring the most passionate of Aidas.The ballet is another of the crazy antics that some of Scala resolve invent . That choreography is more boring that.The only thing left that DVD are the voices , Maria Chiara , Ghena Dimtrov and Luciano Pavarotti are singing too.Friends
 Wake up and realize that this is the type of program that encourages immoral behavior . Enough said ! Do n't buy into this piece of garbage !
 This moronic program , starring the insufferable Reba McEntire is one of the worst programs in the history of television . The glowing 5 star reviews here are obviously from people who like to see trash -LRB- ala Roseanne -RRB- and seem to find it funny . This type of program is what is wrong with television and America today and the wasteland it has become . McEntire is a hippocrite with a gargantuan ego to boost !! I would n't make her any richer than she already is by buying into this mishmash of stupidity . She ought to be ashamed of herself , but of course she 'll do anything to make a buck and keep her name in front of the public . Goodness knows she ca n't do it with her singing anymore . But let me tell you , she ca n't act worth a hoot either .
 This is a great television series for those who get off on having laughs at the expense of ` good wholesome family values ' . Whatever happened to the family values that were so prevalent in shows like `` Waltons '' , `` Touched by an Angel '' , `` Little House '' ... `` Father KNows Best '' ... `` Leave it to Beaver '' . I watch television for brain candy ... I do not want to have dysfunctionalism glamorized and thrown in my face and have it thrown in my face that this is the norm today . That may be but to get laughs over it and support and condone what this type of program represents , is downright wrong . Put me on the bandwagon with those who will not be watching or buying this kind of trashy television . One more thing ... people need to stop idolizing McEntire as someone who can do no wrong . I have seen the woman in person several times and know many who have worked for her and can tell you that ` megalomania ' -LRB- aka . . big head -RRB- is what drives her and she will stop at nothing or step on anyone to get what she wants . Point in case , a few years ago at fan fair in Nashville , people started tearing her photographs and stomping on them because they had been waiting for her to make her to appear and she did ... for all of three seconds ... to wave and get into her `` limo '' and be driven off the premises . She justified her actions by saying she could not put herself or her entourage through the rigors of meeting the fans . Well , hello ?? Who put you there , Reba ? If you did n't want to deal with the fans , the least you could have done was to inform the fans that you would not ` grace them ' with your presence before they spent hours in the hot sun waiting for you . I do n't blame them one bit for stomping on your picture and ripping it to shreds . As for this television series , I am one person who is not impressed !
 This show can in no way compare to classic sitcoms like `` Seinfeld '' or `` Everybody Loves Raymond '' . At least those had substance to them and had stars in them who could act and not overdo the slapstick . Reba McEntire is a talented singer but one thing she never should have done is go `` hollywood '' . She should have taken advice from her good friend Vince Gill who knows his limitations and said that good people would not want to pay to see him act . Well we are n't paying to see McEntire act . We are n't paying for anything period ... except what this show can do to our young people by causing them to go out and act in whatever way they please because , hey ... its o.k. ... I 'll support you anyway !! We 're all survivors !! If it feels good , go ahead and do it !! That 's the message I get from this DVD collection which I stupidly allowed my daughter to buy because she is a Reba fan .
 It is so like Reba McEntire to compare herself to Lucille Ball . Hah ! This program is trashy , stupid and cheap . Apparently I am not the only one who wants decent family programming out there . I certainly will not find it with programs like `` Reba '' . It is a terrible show with bad writing and acting . The ` glowing ' reviews it receives here are for those who like `` dysfunctionalism '' and `` immorality '' glorified . That is what this show does .
 When I think of family values TV I think of `` The Waltons '' or `` Little House '' . Reba is a program that obviously appeals to the masses of people who have no values and no standards by which to abide . If television has become a wasteland it is because of shows like this , Will & Grace , Sex and the City , all the teen soap operas out there , etc. . What is it going to take for people to come to their senses and realize that supporting programs like this is what is contributing to the decaying moral fiber of America today .
 I have watched a couple of Reba 's episodes and I found them to be merely o.k. Not offensive , merely innocuous . So I decided to buy this DVD set -LRB- as I am a collector of TV series -RRB- . To say that I am sorely disappointed is an understatement . McEntire knows how to milk an audience but her timing is drastically off which throws the rest of the cast playing off of her . The episodes are merely innocuous and harmless but definitely not the stuff that classics are made of .
 A silly cheap program with bad acting and plots ! This is the type of cheap program that WB continues to put out . Reba McEntire is no comedienne , much less an actress . The supporting cast is barely adequate but overshadowed by Reba 's trying to outshine everyone the way she usually does . This DVD -LRB- which I did not buy , but rented from the video star -RRB- is good quality -LRB- meriting one star -RRB- but the show really is quite terrible !! I 'm sick of these country stars thinking they can go `` Hollywood '' and take over . McEntire is appalling !
 There was only one redhead comedienne who could stop the show ... Lucille Ball . Reba needs to stop thinking she can top her . Never in my life have I seen anyone who can overact so much !! She does n't want anyone to top her . But that is typical , envious , competetive Reba . This program is a stupid program about the functionalism of dysfunctionalism . It is a waste of time and money . But that 's what people like . No wonder our country is in the sad shape its in . The DVD is top notch . Too bad the series is one grade below low class .
 First season of this piece of trash was just one follow up of unfunny jokes after another . In one episode , Reba gets to sing , and that 's reason enough to turn off the TV set and sell your copy on E-Bay .
 Reba is one of my moms all time favoret shows so i found the first season on line of course im going to buy it for her . but when i got it , i was a little dissapointed . i mean yeah mom still loved it but it look like something from Movie Galery and they couldnt sell it after the store went under . the cases were in really bad shape and the discs wernt much better . i had to pay to get them resurfesed and all together i spent more than i should have .
 It is a Christmas gift . It has not been opened . But , I can hear a rattling in it like something is broken . I tried to find a place at amazon.com to send an email about the product with no luck at all . I am afraid that the disk may be broken inside . But I did not want to open it , because it was a gift . I can not rate it because I am not sure . But since you insisted that I do , I gave it 2 stars .
 Look for Van Montgomery as the H.Coach ofArizona and the ArenaBowl XVI pennant.Good exposure in the popular culturefor America 's best -LRB- new -RRB- sport !
 First of all Reba ca n't act . She can sing -LRB- when she sings REAL country -RRB- . Also the `` cutsy '' little lines they say are downright sickening . They are even worse than Full House . I do n't know which character is the most annoying . We have Reba who continues to make a big joke about her daughter being pregnant -LRB- nothing to joke about under real life circumstances folks !! -RRB- Then she has the audacity to get mad when people get on to her about loose morals . -LRB- Honey , you ca n't have your cake and eat it too !!! -RRB- Then we have her son-in-law , Van . His stupidity is NOT FUNNY . It is annoying . One ca n't believe that he is that stupid , yet he 's going to be a father !! The child wo n't last a week being raised by this loser . Then there are all of Reba 's kids . THe trampy daughter and the poor young kid whom they 've stereotyped into a sissy -LRB- not good -RRB- . Then we 've got the ex husband , Brock and his wife . They are so annoying they make me want to vomit !! This program is a true example of the `` degradation '' of television . What kind of world are we living in . Reviewers here say that Reba is a nice wholesome family show which imparts great messages . Yes indeed ... really great messages
 It is sacrilegious to compare Reba McEntire to Lucille Ball . Lucille Ball was a legend and set a standard in comedy which no one will ever be able to match . McEntire of the humongous ego -LRB- I 've seen the way she has treated fans and people who have worked for her in the past and it aint been pretty -RRB- is no actress , much less a comedienne . She is a singer ... and a good one ... if she sings the right stuff . However , this innocuous television program is downright silly and suffers from the over acting from someone -LRB- Reba -RRB- who should never have entered into the forays of acting . The show is also offensive to those of us who are tired of `` dysfunctionalism '' in television being thrown in our faces and make it seem justified . The moral act should never , ever be given reference by a good intention . THe end does not justify the means !! Oh , and just for the record , I am 22 years old of the young generation and I do not happen to think Lucille Ball ... -LRB- I wo n't degrade myself by using the word the previous reviewer used -RRB- .
 This program is a typical example of ` dysfunctionalism ' . America is in need of the rebuilding of the moral fiber and it will not happen with this program . McEntire , herself , is a severe egomaniac who will stop at nothing to accomplish what she wants . Her acting is as artificial as she is . The sad thing is people watch this kind of program because it appeals to the masses ... condoning and glorifying teenage pregnancy , divorce , ... you name it . Its all here . My gosh , has America been brainwashed that we have resorted to condoning the messages this show brings ? I have watched it several times and all it did was serve to prove my point ... that America needs to get back on track with the building of morals . Sadly , this program will NOT help fill that need . Its message ? Its o.k. to divorce ... its o.k. to be dysfunctional ... its o.k. to raise children and not teach them anything about God and to let them make their own decisions regarding Him and to live their lives the way they want ... if it feels good , do it ! I 'll support you !! Your boyfriend who got you pregnant can even come and live with us . I 'll be friends with the woman my husband left me for . I 'm free to do as I please and to raise my children any way I want ! Think people !! I , personally , will not waste my hard earned money on a DVD set like this .
 I agree , there is absolutely nothing to warrant my watching this program of mundane mediocrity . There are better sitcoms out there and this program certainly wo n't be in the list of `` classics '' when the history of television is accounted for . Reba McEntire is not a good actress . She 's too actressy and too flamboyant in her portrayal which makes the people who play off of her look bad . The stories range from `` fair '' to `` poorly executed '' . In all , there is nothing special about this show to make it stand out amongst the classic sitcoms of television history .
 Indeed , Ilaughed my head off at the antics portrayed in this stupid sitcom which stars Reba McEntire . I laughed at them , not because they were hilarious but because of the outstandingly , scathingly , bad acting and written plots that these actors are forced to endure with country prima donna Reba at the helm . She is so loud and boisterous , yells her lines as if she were projecting to the back row of a theatre instead of doing live on film acting . Her acting is questionable . Its uneven . ANd this makes the other actors look bad . I 'd forget this sitcom . Its harmless but forgettable .
 There is something about Reba McEntire that I find very arrogant and very , very annoying . Whenever I watch her in anything I cringe . This lame attempt at situation comedy is no exception . McEntire should stick to what she does best and that is singing `` traditional country music '' . It is fine for people to expand their horizons but Reba seems to think she can be all things to all people . In so doing , she creates embarrassment for herself and those who have to play off of her . I bought this DVD set with an objective mind but I quickly grew tired of McEntire 's annyoing mannerisms and her obvious attempts to be a `` Lucy copycat '' as other reviewers here have noted . The show itself is neither edifying or offensive . Its simply Reba McEntire who I ca n't take !!
 and boisterous comedy has not been seen since the likes of `` My MOther the Car '' . One of the worst programs on television . Of course its produced by the Warner Bros. network which is reason number one that its so cheap . Second , its just another example of the sad state of affairs that television is in today . Third , Reba McEntire is probably the biggest show-off `` ham '' in the history of entertainment . SHe is insufferable as an actress . She needs to go back home to Nashville .
 This is a sappy , silly comedy with good intentions that fails miserably .
 They do n't have to create a sitcom to make me laugh at country music divas over acting all over the place . The episode where Cheyenne -LRB- Reba 's daughter -RRB- tells Reba that she 's pregnant and Reba registers shock -LRB- for all of 20 seconds -RRB- then says ... oh well ... then the pregnancy becomes the joke of the entire season ?? What kind of sitcom and message are we trying to impart here ? All the show seems to do is tease the girl about being pregnant ? And do n't get me started on the ex-husband and his girlfriend with Reba trying to play go betweeen . How stupid is this ??? This show is typical of today 's society and its lax morals and standards .
 This program is another cheap exhibition of the Warner Bros. network . The acting , the plots and all the production values will never put this program in the classic realm of `` I LOVE LUCY '' or `` The Andy Griffith Show '' . Reba need to chill !!
 A show like Reba is why I watch TVLAND or buy DVD sets of true `` Classic '' television like `` I Love Lucy '' or the newly released `` Doris Day Show '' . Reba should watch these sitcoms ... she might learn something !! Mainly , how not to overact which she miserably does !
 Apparently Amazon ca n't monitor their reviews properly and it does no good to report something . The answer to Justine 's review , with which I agree wholeheartedly , by this character named `` Nathan '' is appalling . His behavior is exactly the type of thing that shows like Reba illicit from people . Profanity and verbal abuse do not belong on a review . I respect other 's views even if I disagree with them . Judging from a lot of reviews that I have read here a lot of people agree with Justine ... Reba is a show that does not edify or inspire to promote good family values . Why ? It is a show about dysfunctionalism . Sadly , this is the kind of program producers ONLY know HOW to produce these days because THEY THEMSELVES are dysfunctional so they want to make it appear that this is the norm in today 's society . Call us `` prissy parents '' and say all the deragatory remarks you please , but the fact remains shows like Reba only serve to make dysfunctionalism appear o.k. ! I 'm sick of shows like this being thrown in my face and I will not apologize for being functional in a dysfunctional society !!
 This is one of the worst television shows in history . I returned my DVD collection and exchanged it for `` I Love Lucy '' . . there is a classic television series with a redhead who can act !
 All things aside , this DVD is great quality with a lot of extras . But it is strictly for McEntire fans . I purchased this collection at a `` yard sale '' for $ 5.00 . I am appalled at what America has come to . Are n't there normal families anywhere anymore ? To me this show is not one bit funny . It hurts me to see the wasteland that television has become because of sitcoms that reflect the downward trend society has taken . Sure , it may be about being able to cope in such a society , but how is this society going to change its attitudes and morals if shows like this are telling you its o.k. to live a life of upheaval . Its inspiring to survive in the midst of chaos , but we deal with enough of this in reality . We do n't need it thrown in our face on television . It is better to have programs with functional families depicting truth and right in this life , not contention .
 This program is silly , vapid and completely nonsensical ! I wo n't let my kids watch it . I do n't want them growing up thinking that all families are like this . As for the slapstick moments , Reba needs to stop acting like Lucille Ball . She ca n't pull it off !
 Give me `` Leave It to Beaver '' any day . `` Reba '' is simply a show to showcase `` McEntire '' . The DVD set is handsomely produced but the show itself is quite depressing for me to watch . I prefer not to have `` real life dysfunction '' thrown in my face , not matter how well it is portrayed . Society is thinking that this is the norm ... divorce , adultery , teen pregnancy . The previous reviewer wrote this is not `` The Cleavers '' . Indeed . But at least when I watch `` The Cleavers '' I get good values and good moral lessons from an era when families were functional . We could have that again were it not for programs like `` Reba '' glamorizing dysfunction in a way that fits the standards of today 's society . Needless to say , I did n't buy this DVD set . I rented it because I thought I would get good wholesome comedy . It has its moments but they are few . Reba McEntire needs to quit while she 's ahead . Bottom line
 This show is terrible . Enough is enough people . America needs to get back on track and this show is n't helping any ! McEntire should be ashamed of herself for helping to promote immorality in this country . I bought the DVD at Walmart because of the `` rave reviews '' it received here and I was extremely disappointed and outraged . This is my opinion only and I 'm in the minority . I returned my DVD and exchanged it for a good wholesome family series , `` The second season of The Waltons '' . THAT is a program that bears watching and merits 5 stars from me !
 For some incoherent reason I bought this DVD set thinking I would see Reba McEntire in a comedy portraying a decent , moral life . While she may portray a decent , moral person the people around her do not !! I am a child of divorce and I do not relate to this comedy . I find it offensive and appalling . We need television shows out there that will commit to showing us there are still good families out there , functional families with good fathers and mothers -LRB- married -RRB- teaching their children good morals and values . I am sorry I bought this DVD set . Reba McEntire herself is as arrogant as they get and this excuse is just another attempt to promote herself .
 The thought of Reba acting in a sitcom is quite frightening !! Whats worse is the episode after the baby is born and she 's holding the baby and the lights dim to focus solely on her and she begins to lip synch -LRB- very badly I might add ... its true ... watch it and see ... -RRB- to a song . How cheesy can you get ? A cheesy program for cheesy people !!
 Reba `` Diva '' McEntire does have a pretty face and can act too ! I think she and Bert Lahr -LRB- The COwardly Lion -RRB- from the Wizard of Oz were separated at birth since they look alike and act alike with their constant mugging ... especially when she says `` Cheyenne , you BONEHEAD '' ! The most stupid episode is when B.J. and Brock -LRB- Reba 's Ex -RRB- get married and at the end Reba starts singing a stupid Texas song and the audience applause reaction as if they were expecting her to sing . Reba -LRB- Bert Lahr -RRB- needs to quit while she 's ahead .
 Warner Bros. . TV shows are cheesy and this one is no exception . Reba McEntire 's acting is as cheesy as it gets . I am a fan of her music but her foray into television is quite disappointing . Her over the top performing in every way is a distraction . This woman loves to draw attention to herself . I bought this DVD with high expectations but I was sorely disappointed . The plots are in need of greater scope and development and , as I said before , Reba could use a few acting lessons . The rest of the cast does o.k. but they could do better . I wo n't go as far as saying that the show is a major contributor to the Moral Decline of America , but to me , it is just another example of the wasteland television has become . I think Reba McEntire should stick to singing instead of acting .
 I am appalled . Because of the influence of this show , which I allowed my pre-adolescent daughter to buy , she now thinks there is nothing wrong with premarital sex and teenage pregnancy . I had to sit down with her and tell her that its not as cut and dry as it is in this lame sitcom . Not everyone is going to react the way Reba does ... inviting the boyfriend to move in with the daughter and make it all fine and dandy with a bow on top . This is the type of impression that this program has made ... a bad one .
 Then this is the program for you . If you want a program that promotes healthy family values then forget this mess , for that is what it is ... a dysfunctional mess ... like most families today . To me this is not funny . It is sad . And for Miss McEntire to condone this kind of thing just to make herself more known than she is already and richer than she is already is a testament to her true hippocritcal colors !
 I watched this show at a friend 's house who is a die hard Reba fan and had purchased this set . I sat through one evening of this hodgepodge and mishmash of dysfunctionalism promoting and glorifying teenage unwed pregnancy , divorce , adultery ... you name it ! Not to metion the over-the-top bad acting of Reba McEntire ... -LRB- she needs to quit pretending she is Lucille Ball or Carol Burnett ... mugging and trying to do slapstick comedy the way they did ... -RRB- . McEntire tries too hard because of her tremendous ego . The rest of the cast suffers because of her high toned antics and her attempts to steal every scene she is in because she does n't want anyone to top her . That said , the sitcom itself is degrading and an insult to those who want to influence our families with decent , quality programming which inspire and edify . There are still `` functional '' families out there folks . This show makes it seem like they 're all passe ' . And I thought `` Rosanne '' was bad ! Given all the five star reviews here it seems like people prefer garbage and stupidity to class and decency . Heaven help us !! Now , for those who believe in the decay of morals and the glorifying of that decay in this program and continue to condone bad television click the button that says this review was not helpful and thank you for proving my point !
 I DO NOT OWN THIS DVD BUT I DID WATCH ALL OF SEASON ONE AND PART OF SEASON TWO . THIS SHOW DISGUSTS ME . I HAVE BEEN A FAN OF REBA FOR YEARS -LRB- HER MUSIC -RRB- BUT THIS SHOW MADE ME ALMOST HATE HER . SHE HAS A TEEN SON , I DOUBT SHE WOULD WANT TO FIND HIM IN THE SITUATION THAT HER TV DAUGHTER AND SON IN LAW FOUND THEMSELVES IN . IT GLAMORIZES TEEN SEX , PREGNANCY , AND MARRIAGE . WHY WAS ADOPTION NEVER MENTIONED AS AN OPTION FOR THESE TWO CHILDREN ? AND THAT IS WHAT THEY ARE CHILDREN ! THIS SHOW MAKES TEEN PREGNANCY AND MARRIAGE LOOK LIKE A GOOD IDEA INSTEAD OF SHOWING TEENS AND THEIR PARENTS THAT THEIR BEST OPTION IN THIS SITUATION IS ADOPTION , NOT TEEN MARRIAGE AND LIVING WITH MAMA WHILE YOU FINISH HIGHSCHOOL , GO INTO LABOR DURING GRADUATION , AND THEN ATTEND COLLEGE WHILE YOUR INFANT IS STUCK IN DAY CARE ALL DAY . REBA AND ITS CREATORS OUGHT TO BE ASHAMED . I CAN NOT FATHOM WHY THIS SHOW HAS LASTED SO LONG .
 Can ANYONE out there make a GOOD movie about this elite service of professionals ?? I guess not . Do n't waste your time or money with this dog !
 But then , my tastes in movies have improved since I was fifteen . The plot is see through , and the dialogue seems to have been stolen from every Navy SEAL book they can find -LRB- more SEAL cliches than WWII movies -RRB- . Sheen is as transparent as usual in the over-the-top ` badboy ' SEAL , who any commander worth anything would have kicked off the Teams . Micheal Biehn and Bill Paxton -LRB- who only had a small part -RRB- are both excellent actors who just picked a bad movie -LRB- Biehn 's SEAL role in The Rock is a much better portrayal -RRB- . This movie came about after the SEALs came to the attention of the world , but a poor script , bad acting , and bad directing make this movie just horrible .
 Good set dressing , locations and effects , but if you think you 've seen this movie before , you have . It was called Top Gun . Lots of explosions and characters running here and there , but little else . I gave it two stars instead of just one since the camera did stay in focus throughout .
 Sixteen years after this was made , it is sort of amusing to see what `` someone in Hollywood '' thought would be a great morale booster in terms of displaying our military capabilities . Now that we know the reality of the situation of dealing with terrorists abroad , the flimsy premises of this tawdry little film seem even more ridiculous . But - at its core - it was an idiotic film then , and an even more idiotic film now .
 The lineup of cast members are really impressive , minus Charlie Sheen , who again makes it to the script 's boat motor and pulls and pulls the string , breaking it . My two fav actors are Biehn and Paxton -LRB- real life friends -RRB- and I must say that this flick was not worthy of the cast , especially these two . Joanne Whaley , Cyril O'Reiley , and Rick Rossovich , also good actors , were wasted . Some scenes , like the debut of their skills , during the rescue of the remaining 2 American G.I. 's , and the skydive to the coast , were great . Too many of the other action scenes were not believable or tactically true . Biehn is always on the ball , although his dialouge and scrpit matter fail to let him shine . Dennis Ranbert , too bad he was knocked off by Sheen 's carelessness . And then Hawkin 's is still allowed to be on the team ? Is the script stupid or what ? I vote for a remake , but with the same cast-I know they 're older , bu so what . And the lines by Sheen ? He 's not THAT bad ... and it 's not his fault
 Charlie Sheen was not as passionate in this as he was in Platoon , which by the way , was intense . Biehn was decent , but he could 've had better writing . The producer was definitely thinking you throw a couple names together , along with some two-bit typical Hollywood writing , and you 'll get a blockbuster . That 's not the way it works , and it showed . It was , however , good for action and mild gore . As an Military Officer myself , I can say that the scenes of Navy tactics are midly accurate , albeit modified slightly for TV . The action , as said earlier , is pretty good , especially given the era in which it was produced . The plot was pretty ridiculous , not true to life in any aspect . The idea of a SEALs unit operating indepedent and autonomous of the Navy Chain of Command is downright unheard of and the plot offers no consolation to the hackneyed Hollywood writing . Navy SEALs has the repuation for being a `` shoot 'em up '' movie , with little to offer in any other department . This is pretty much true . There are good gunfights , lots of explosions , bad guys who hit everything but their targets and consequently die , BADLY , but nothing to stimulate the intellectual modern barbarian . Basically , if you like shoot 'em up movies and do n't care about too much of a plot , this is for you . If you want to be stimulated , go buy some sappy chick flick .
 Preposterous nonsense ! Excuse me for being redundant , but this reviewer feels that not enough bad things can be said about this movie . When I was twelve , my first future ex-boyfriend and I used to play DAMSEL IN DISTRESS as he would successfully rescue from the garage where I was hiding . I 'm glad Charlie Sheen and his fellow pirates were n't trying to rescue me because I 'd still be there . They have no clue , and no plan . I bet the real SEALS are disgusted by this mess . A no-brainer .
 It took me three sittings to sit through most of Navy Seals , and I still dozed off through a few minutes of it . Yes , boredum the movie 's biggest problem . This is by far the dullest action movie I 've seen in years , maybe even of all-time . What 's the plot ? Who cares ? It 's just bare bones enough to string up some action sequences , but unfortunately , the action scenes smell of made-for-TV quality . Heck , some of the stuff that 's made-for-TV these days features better action -LRB- i.e. Band of Brothers -RRB- . Director Lewis Teague obviously does n't know much more than the good old point-and-shoot method , meaning he 's got no style or , for that matter , a sense of direction . People shoot , get shot , and it 's a basic , routine pattern that continues for all the gunfights . There are no cool stunts , outrageous situations , or edgy tension during all these scenes.The way it is for me is that movies involving commando teams are rarely ever exciting , mainly because it 's a bunch of tough guys who seem invincible , even when a couple of them get killed . Oh , do n't get me wrong , there are notable exceptions -LRB- such as the nail-biter Executive Decision -RRB- , but Navy Seals sure is n't one of them . The film never builds up any suspense because the villains never seem like a threat . None of the bad guys are even the slightest bit menacing . Already , at least half the movie 's effectiveness is gone.But the `` heroes '' are just as lame and uninteresting . For these parts , acting 's what you 'd expect . Charlie Sheen plays himself , annoying and idiotic as usual . Michael Biehn is the tough-as-nails commander , a role he can do in his sleep , though he plays the part so straight he might just induce some sleep in the viewers . Nobody else makes an impression , not even the usually funny Bill Paxton.I do n't have much more to say about Navy Seals , other than its third-rate , silly crap that fails on every intended level . It 's dull plot and premise wo n't make this an enjoyable movie to trash in a crowd , and its boring execution will put a lot of viewers to sleep . Definitely one of the nadirs of awful modern action filmmaking .1 / 2 out of *****
 The movie is so dumb , I ca n't help but wonder how many Navy Seals felt insulted after seeing it . Maybe it is a cool thing for 12 year olds , I am sure they too want to be able to `` sense '' a door being locked or having a terrorist behind it just by placing your fingertips on it -LRB- did Sheen come up with that one himself ?? -RRB- . At no point in the movie did they even look as the professionals they ought to be . At no point did the movie make any sense , or did the story entail any real intrigue or purpose . Perhaps the Beirut scenes make up for some of the idiotic and lame `` acting '' Sheen throws at you , but overal , I can not help but feeling that this movie does more harm than good to the image and prestige of the US Navy 's finest . Waste of money - waste of time .
 1990 was n't a good year for Charlie Sheen . As if `` Navy Seals '' was n't bad enough , he followed it with `` The Rookie '' , another brainless action flick that both he and director/co-star Clint Eastwood would like to forget . But of the two , I 'd have to say that `` Navy Seals '' is worse . Overflowing with cornball dialogue , stupid action scenes and MTV filler -LRB- remember that golf-cart chase set to music ? -RRB- , this movie was made for a twelve-year-old . Watch `` Black Hawk Down '' and see how a real modern war film sould be made .
 With its comic book plot and cardboard characters this movie does an injustice to the men it takes as its inspiration . Any real world Seal acting as irresponsibly as the Sheen character would not long survive the wrath of his teammates . Yes , its just a movie , but what a shame that the image of real world heros is portrayed by idiot Rambos with swim fins .
 Too bad the studio could n't get Tom Cruise for this project . But Cruise must 've learned from his TOP GUN adventure , that Hollywood treats the Navy as a cartoon . These two films have much in common
 An incoherent story featuring a mad Charlie Sheen and a childs view of the middle east . Michael Biehn is the only reason I 've giving the show one star . But honestly , this was amusing when I was twelve . But the story never goes anywhere , a military setting up their with The Hunt For Red October is filled with forgetting lines about Terrorism and The Bad Guys and Lets Get Em . Its just so childish compared to the mature message its supposed to be gettin across.I was n't an adult at the time , but its not a film for the 21st century audience .
 An awful movie , filled with all the worst sterotypes of SEALS as disobeident loners . If I were a SEAL , I would be offended . Unless you want to see this for the shooting and explosions , forget it .
 I 'm too sexy for my brain ... this movie is a pain ... the plot is a strain ... on Sheen this is a stain ... buying it is insane ... . throw it off the catwalk ... yeah
 Although assured by the Military Channel and Discovery Channel that this DVD was the program I was looking to purchase -LRB- program aired on Military Channel as &#34; Secrets of the Navy Seals &#34; -RRB- , this was not the correct program and a complete waste of my money .
 I believed that this dvd was seen rare video , but I found instead many no famous artists and all ugly video.the quality of this video is poor and the music is with many ustles
 Just wanted to correct some false information regarding this . As I am -LRB- or was -RRB- a comic book nerd , I noticed the error in some of these reviews citing Tim Vigil as the writer of the story . Tim Vigil was the artist who helped create Faust , with David Quinn , who wrote the book , and the screenplay to this movie.With that said , this flick was horrendously bad . Being familiar with the comic book 's excessive gore , sex , and mysticism , the movie came off as a pathetically sugar-coated version of the extremist stand the book took . Watered down and held down by a mediocre budget , this movie is bad in almost all possible ways . Jeffrey Combs should have stayed out of this one , as I normally like his work.Avoid this film at all costs . I knew it was trouble when I found out the film was going to be rated `` R. '' To truly create Faust on the big screen , at least an `` NC-17 '' was necessary , if not an `` unrated . ''
 The movie Faust tries to follow in the foot steps of Spawn ? Save your money ! If you must see it , be warned
 I picked up this movie at a local Blockbuster and watched it with a friend . Within the first five minutes I knew I had made a huge mistake . The acting was a joke . The writing was foolish . The only thing that kept me watching this movie is because the drama was so over the top and the story line was so stupid that it actually made the movie funny . The scene with the father molesting his daughter was the most revolting and POORLY EXECUTED SCENE IN HISTORY . Brian Yuzna , the director of the worst movie ever made , should be exiled to Antarctica . Maybe the penguins would enjoy this flick . SAVE YOUR MONEY AND YOUR HOUR AND A HALF OF YOUR LIFE . PLEASE STAY FAR AWAY FROM THIS MOVIE . AS A MATTER OF FACT IF YOU SEE SOMEONE THINKING OF RENTING THIS MOVIE SLAP IT OUT OF HIS OR HER HANDS.Conclusion
 `` Faust
 i am so disgusted with this movie , that i was almost in tears after i saw it . it includes Horrible sex and nudity scenes -LRB- including child molestation/rape -RRB- , pervasive blood/gore and violence , language , and disturbing images.overall i would pay money just to rewind life and not watch this.WARNING - if you so choose to watch this , nightmares and disturbing thoughts are almost insured .
 I was hoping for a faithful rendition Tim Vigil 's Faust comic , which in and of itself is horror at it 's finest . It saddens me actually to see such a great story as presented in the comic twisted in this way.The acting is less than interesting , the only redeeming feature I found to this move was having Jeffery Coombs in it . For anyone that 's a J.C fan he once again presents a character that is subtle and shakey , and yet just horrifying in his insanity . You got to love the guy . In addition , Isabel Brook -LRB- Jane -RRB- has great legs , and we get to see them a lot.Aside from these two points , I left the credits feeling very disappointed . I agree with a reviewer above that the comic should have been much more in the way of it 's sexuality -LRB- at least a light X -RRB- and the drizzling insanity of Jasper should have been delved into much deeper . I would n't buy it.And for gosh sakes , they do n't even have Jasper quoting or singing ` Papa Has a Brand New Bag ' . That was Jasper 's trademark in the comic .
 It has the acting and writing talents of a bad porn flick . Enough said .
 Yes , it 's true
 I have been a fan of the comic book for a long long time . Met Tim Vigil in NYC at a show and he was talking up this movie , i was so ready for something great . Well as usual a comic book movie turns out poorly . There are scenes in this movie like when M `` changes '' his wife Claire , if you ever see this scene it can be sumed up as un-funny , stupid & really does not fit the theme.The costume that Faust wears it the WORST , his pecs look like implants , his masks looks just plain bad . The director did not see what this story was all about . There is a scene when Faust is in the grave that kinda rings of the comic . If you read the comic book you will be searching for small scenes that you remember but they are far and few between . I am still a big fan of the comic , the movie on the other had is a mess . Buy at your own risk . And you can see my copy on EBAY later today .
 Most of the actors -LRB- not Combs -RRB- do a fine job with the material given them -LRB- Even the Scott Wieland lookalike as John/Faust -RRB- . Sad thing is , the material -LSB- makes me sick -RSB- . Somehow Yuzna and crew manage to turn the underground hardcore comix classic -LRB- which I 've collected since issue 1 -RRB- into a low-budget softcore joke . Watching it I kept asking myself - WHY WHY WHY ???? Why is M a dracula wannabe with thinning WHITE hair ? Why does Faust have cool metallic claws -LRB- as in the comic -RRB- but a latex-organic suit that he `` morphs '' into like some x-mutant clone ? Why is there a cheesy scene in which M morphs Claire into a big-titted blob puddle ? Why is there a cheesy-looking hellspawn worm-thing at the end ? Why am I laughing at all of this ? Why am I crying as the credits roll ? My guess is that Faust creators Quinn and Vigil took the money and ran . I hope they are as disappointed in this film as the fans will be and option to make a real one in the future . Provided any filmmaker truly has the balls to make Faust as seen on paper . You 'd think it would be easy - the storyboards are right there on the page . I guess that would require some level of respect for the orginal material in the first place .
 This flick fails in every aspect . The plot is jibberish . The acting non-existant . The special effects laughable . The action still-lifed . Ranks up there with CAPTAIN AMERICA for worst comic book movie of all time . DAREDEVIL was better than this mess , and that 's saying a lot . If you enjoy good comic book films -LRB- even the smaller , independant type -RRB- , avoid this tripe at all costs . If you like the darker , more violent heroes watch the excellent BLADE again and revell in the fact that good , bloody horror/action films still need writitng and acting to entertain . FAUST
 the other reviewers who saw this as a flop are right . Brian Yuzna can not come close to his earlier efforts -LRB- Ew-Animator and Bride of RA -RRB- . Horror movies have gone to the dogs , and it 's sad that there is no more ceativity in this genre . This movie has bad acting , pails of gore , and an anti super hero that looks like something dug up from Inframan . Combs is wasted . His role adds nothing to the stupid plot . I wasted my money .
 Now , I like horror movies . I like cheap B horror movies . But this . . This is an embarrasment to filmmaking . The acting is atrocious . The dialogue is laughable . The special effects . . ha ! And those expecting any ultra-violence similiar to that of the comic book ... Look somewhere else . The main character -LRB- the Faust character -RRB- is barely in `` costume '' and in the few fight scenes he does have ... the violence is equivalent to that of the lamest of horror movies . It does n't come close to comparing to the harshness of the comic . And the character known as `` M '' is played by the most unfrightening and uncharismatic actor I 've ever seen . This `` M '' is supposed to be scary ? Is he supposed to have an aura of power ? Laughable white hair and acne scars is all that he does have . And the make-up on the Faust character looks like Jim Carrey in `` The Mask '' . Terrible ! The last battle scene looks like it was choreographed by the same person who 's done the Mighty Morphin Power Rangers , complete with the ridiculously huge , plastic demon-monster . This movie does n't deserve even one star . Jeffery Combs is terrible in this part . I know he has ties with Brian Yuzna ... but they should NOT have picked him for this maverick cop role . He 's the quintessential dork and while it may work for him in some films , it is completely inappropriate in this movie . But maybe we ca n't blame him since the dialogue was horribly written . This movie was so utterly a waste of time ; I would n't wish it on any poor soul . It does n't help that they filmed it in Spain . Many of the extra `` unknown '' actors that they used could n't act themselves out of a paper bag , and that Mark Frost guy who plays `` Faust '' . . spare us . While offering some welcomed comic relief , his facial contortions -LRB- not to mention his lazy eye -RRB- are unbelievably retarded . If you like the comic , do yourself a favor and skip this movie . Two thumbs down .
 Faust was not that good of a horror/gore movie.Lots of gore but man there is some bad acting in this by the lead actor Mark Frost.I believe they should have gave the lead to Jeffrey Combs.The suit for the Hero looked like a power ranger villain 's costume.If you are a die hard fan of the Faust comic book 's see it , this movie is based on the first few comic book 's they made but if you are a horror fan looking for a scare you will find yourself snoozing .
 Man , this one is really bad . I can sit through anything , but geez ! Yuzna really messes up big time . I 'm not familiar with the comic book this horror flick is based on and it may hold some appeal to fans of that series , but any normal horror film viewer will surely find this excruciating to sit through.I have read that the R-rated cut is the only version available on US video/DVD and surely this does n't help matters . I saw the film on premium cable TV -LRB- where it ` premiered at 3am - if that 's any clue -RRB- and it was listed as `` UNRATED '' , but from watching it , it was clearly the edited R print . Every gore scene was edited so quickly that it was almost impossible to figure out what was going on half the time . Not that you really care , anyway . Scenes are cleary edited down eliminating obviously over-the-top gore that you can tell must have once been there . And if a movie really stinks - and this one does - at least some wild unedited gore efx would make it easier to sit through . But the R version is just lacking all the way around.The film looks cheap -LRB- you can just ` feel ' the film crew working right out of camera range -RRB- . The actors all try to ham it up and fail miserably . Jeffrey Combs is slumming it again playing the same crazed character he always does . The `` Wishmaster '' guy is here sans makeup - he needs some , trust me . The female lead is as dull as dirt with that stupid phony accent trying to make it seem like she 's intelligent . And then there 's all those stupid monster-slime effects - man are they bad - they so much scream *** 80 's *** !!!! Yep , I believe they were done by Screaming Mad George and they look just as rubbery and fake as they did 15 years ago . And do n't even get me started on the demon Faust character 's superhero -LRB- ??? -RRB- suit . Hahahaha ! Boy ... it 's hard to believe this got made in the 21st century.I usually find Yuzna 's films to be quite entertaining and some of them actually quite excellent ... but FAUST is disastrous . Even if it was the uncut version , it would still be a mess -- just a slightly more watchable one.You 've been warned . If you must subject yourself to this tedious home movie , brew up a LOT OF COFFEE and have that ffwd button ready . The pits .
 First off I would like to state that I 'm a fan of horror movies in general , high budget or low budget I 'll watch practically anything . I tend to enjoy movies others hate and give poor reviews . Unfortunately this is not the case here . I would rate this a zero in stars if possible.Don ' t waste your time with this , seriously . The acting and script are terrible , and not in the `` oh this is so terrible it 's funny/entertaining '' kind of way . It 's cringe worthy at times . Someone else wrote the acting 's as good as an x rated film and they were n't lying . In fact at times I 've seen better in porno . Andrew Divoff and Jeffrey Combs are superb B-movie stars -LRB- they 're in several of my fav . horror movies -RRB- , however given the script , shoddy plot , and poor co stars , it 's not enough to save this film . The main characters acting is ridiculous , not even decent at best , and ruins any hope of a watchable film . Seriously , this film is worse than any student films I saw in college.Again I just wan na point out I love horror films , loved Re-Animator , Wishmaster , The Thing , Susperia , Evil Dead , From Beyond , Dagon , and others in this category , but this is n't even worth the hour and a half . It was like they decided there should be tits , gore , and action , but did n't ever figure out how to present it in any kind of viewable manner . The music is also a let down for the most part . During the action scenes there 's always some sort of heavy metal music playing , except that it 's loud and with the vocals , which hearing someone sing for me at least , makes me really aware I 'm watching a film with music playing over top of it . I wanted to see a movie , not a music video . Anyways , this is my first Amazon review , and only because I felt raped of the last hour and a half spent watching this abortion of a flick . Hopefully this will help SOMEONE avoid watching this.I 've never read the comic , but from what practically every review and article on this movie , it varies greatly , so I 'd assume if you 're a fan , you 'll be more pissed than I am .
 Altho Re-Animator and a few others were good , this is a horrorible what-should-have-been a late 80 's low to no budget UP ! All Night !! late night showtime aw-trocity . Screaming Mad George is THEE worst FX guy on the planet . Stan Winston would n't wipe his a $ $ with this tard . Brian Yuzna the new Ed Wood or Roger Corman has ruined multiple projects in his way-too-long to have a career by now get over Return of the Living Dead 3 wish we could have afforded CGI then you loser . Yeah maybe if this were a 1986 production a la Night of the Creeps but jeez this is so boring stiff and miscast even Jeffrey Combs could n't begin to save it.Overall I suffered more watching this than when my -LRB- ex -RRB- girlfriend made me watch Blue Crush.I ca n't even give this a A for effort -- Just like the Spider-Man movies-did you actually read the comics before you assumed command ???
 First , this movie gets one star ONLY because I ca n't seem to rate it zero stars . Second , let 's correct all the self-righteous fools in some of the other reviews ... Quinn and Vigil created the Faust comic series LONG before Todd McSellout created Spawn . That being said , the character 's appearance is clearly a rip-off of Marvel 's Wolverine -LRB- created in the 70s -RRB- . Now for the film ... well , there is nothing to really say ... it sucks . It very well could be the worst film ever made . Nope , no exaggeration , it could be THE WORST . It is a TRUE SHAME that this schlock will be forever paired with what was one of the best , most brutal comic book series ' ever produced -LRB- however , it too even went through a couple different distributors before the series was completed YEARS behind schedule -RRB- . Oh , sorry , back to the film ... it SUCKS . Do n't waste your money ... PLEASE ... do n't waste your time .
 This movie was just plain terrible . Our demonic wolverine character attempts to become an `` anti-hero '' by denying his animalistic desires , including killing . Poorly concieved this movie appears to have been scripted in live action , if there was even a script . If you 're looking for the meaning of life , you wo n't find it in this film . If you 're looking for laughter , you wo n't find it here either . This film is a mixture of all the worst parts of Wishmaster , X-Men 's Wolverine character , Freddy Cruger 's worst one liners . If you must watch this film , watch it on cable during a Halloween festival . Do n't even bother renting it .
 If you 're into comics , you may remember a little something called Faust from way back when . Going to new extremes in terms of violence and sex , any new ground broken by Faust would be overshadowed by Todd MacFarlane 's Spawn years later , which basically has the same premise . In either event , frequent Stuart Gordon partner Brian Yuzna , who has directed Re-Animator sequels as well as the excellent Return of the Living Dead 3 , helms this adaptation of Faust , and as you can guess by reading the various reviews , the results are disastrous . I do n't mind cheesy or low budget horror flicks one bit , but Faust stinks to high heaven with it 's mostly lame effects and ridiculous costume . Mark Frost stars as a revenge driven artist seeking vengeance for the death of his girlfriend . This leads to a deal with a demon named M -LRB- the Wishmaster himself , Andrew Divoff -RRB- , and soon enough he 's transformed into a bloodthirsty creature with Wolverine-esque claws and an insane temperment . The acting is beyond horrible , especially Frost as the whiny main character . The only time we get a respite is from the brief appearances from Jeffrey `` Re-Animator '' Combs , but even his talents ca n't save this waste . The Roadrunner Records soundtrack does n't help either , and it 's just hard to believe that a film this bad could come from Yuzna . Faust is n't even in the `` so bad it 's good '' territory ; avoid at all costs .
 I did n't read the comic that inspired this stuff -LRB- Sorry ca n't call this A MOVIE ! -RRB- but I am a truly fan of the Old Horror genre . Reanimator rules ! ;-RRB- Regarding FAUST , you get the worst acting , the direction , the worst production.The bad guy is ridiculous and it 's even not funny ! I guess the Comic is better than this mediocrity , anyway ca n't be worst.So do not be influenced by the label on the cover saying `` From the producer of Re-Animator '' You will be disappointed . Even if you can watch it for free , do n't waste your time !
 To say this movie is a waste of time , effort and money is an understatement . Where do I even begin ? The following review is my scathing unappreciation and blatant disappointment with this cinematic adaptation . The only reason I write it is to be fair to the creators and fans of a visionary and one-of-a-kind creation that is ` Love of the Damned ' of which this movie is adapted from.First off this feature should have been written , produced , and created as a NC-17 or a XXX production . There 's no denying that is the first crucial mistake . A rating such as NC-17 was essential to properly translate the imagery and feel integral to making it a worthwhile effort . To even try to bring it to screen with anything less was the road to ruin.Secondly , the movie failed to capture the vision and passion the source material displays so vividly ! Not just with the lack of carnage or sexual elements , but I failed to identify with the characters ... their nature and ambitions . Their fears , inner secrets and motivation integral to the story were brief and two-dimensional . Quinn as the screenplay writer tried to keep this intact , but the constraints he must have been under lead to utter failure . This is by far what I found overall to inhibit any sense of enjoyment I might have found in the adequate special effects or condensation of material for a movie . Just flat , generic , and stupid.I could hammer on other areas of the film ... but why ? After missing the above crucial areas it 's a dead horse . In closing I stress
 i hate this episode ; even at the end , sabrina is not sorry for melinda . how much suffering did she cause that woman ? she only reversed the spell so dave would be happy . do n't let the special appearance by melissa joan hart fool you - this program is not worth buying , especially on VHS and not DVD .
 Just watch Shane if you want a Western or Witness if you want a movie about the Amish . There are too many better movies to waste your time on this mediocre one .
 I like Tim Daly . I like Naomi Watts . I did not like this picture . And , the message , if in fact there really was one here was simplistic . Everything about the movie was utterly predictable , the love story , the powerful landowners wanting to push out the religious pacifists . These greedy murderous bullies pull pretty much every dastardly act during the duration of this movie -- and of course , they get their just desserts . But , having both main characters emerge from critical injuries which the town doctor -LRB- David Carradine -RRB- says they can not survive seems a bit much . But , in this movie , love triumphs over greediness and religious fundamentalism . It is also sad to see both David and Keith Carradine in such meaningless roles . But , then , they never have been big stars , so I guess it is necessary to get work when you can . As Naomi Watts ' star soars , I can not imagine this film being much of the springboard to her apparent stardom .
 I love the outsider with Tim Daly and Naomi Watts and bought it as soon as I saw it to add to my library . Unfortunately the movie I ended up getting was a old British movie from the late 70 's about a band of IRA terrorists getting revenge on the English Protestants they felt wronged their Catholic comrades . It was n't very good and I never would have paid for the movie had I known.I continue to request for the correct outsider movie and wait until it finally becomes available.Buyer beware !
 I started watching this movie on TV and thought I 'd like to see all of it , but was n't able to see all of it . I love westerns , but to me the sex was a little over the top . I could see the passion building between the two of them so for me there really was n't a need to be smacked in the face with the sex scene . Too bad , it kind of spoiled the film for me .
 Good set dressing , locations and effects , but if you think you 've seen this movie before , you have . It was called Top Gun . Lots of explosions and characters running here and there , but little else . I gave it two stars instead of just one since the camera did stay in focus throughout .
 Can ANYONE out there make a GOOD movie about this elite service of professionals ?? I guess not . Do n't waste your time or money with this dog !
 But then , my tastes in movies have improved since I was fifteen . The plot is see through , and the dialogue seems to have been stolen from every Navy SEAL book they can find -LRB- more SEAL cliches than WWII movies -RRB- . Sheen is as transparent as usual in the over-the-top ` badboy ' SEAL , who any commander worth anything would have kicked off the Teams . Micheal Biehn and Bill Paxton -LRB- who only had a small part -RRB- are both excellent actors who just picked a bad movie -LRB- Biehn 's SEAL role in The Rock is a much better portrayal -RRB- . This movie came about after the SEALs came to the attention of the world , but a poor script , bad acting , and bad directing make this movie just horrible .
 Sixteen years after this was made , it is sort of amusing to see what `` someone in Hollywood '' thought would be a great morale booster in terms of displaying our military capabilities . Now that we know the reality of the situation of dealing with terrorists abroad , the flimsy premises of this tawdry little film seem even more ridiculous . But - at its core - it was an idiotic film then , and an even more idiotic film now .
 Charlie Sheen was not as passionate in this as he was in Platoon , which by the way , was intense . Biehn was decent , but he could 've had better writing . The producer was definitely thinking you throw a couple names together , along with some two-bit typical Hollywood writing , and you 'll get a blockbuster . That 's not the way it works , and it showed . It was , however , good for action and mild gore . As an Military Officer myself , I can say that the scenes of Navy tactics are midly accurate , albeit modified slightly for TV . The action , as said earlier , is pretty good , especially given the era in which it was produced . The plot was pretty ridiculous , not true to life in any aspect . The idea of a SEALs unit operating indepedent and autonomous of the Navy Chain of Command is downright unheard of and the plot offers no consolation to the hackneyed Hollywood writing . Navy SEALs has the repuation for being a `` shoot 'em up '' movie , with little to offer in any other department . This is pretty much true . There are good gunfights , lots of explosions , bad guys who hit everything but their targets and consequently die , BADLY , but nothing to stimulate the intellectual modern barbarian . Basically , if you like shoot 'em up movies and do n't care about too much of a plot , this is for you . If you want to be stimulated , go buy some sappy chick flick .
 Preposterous nonsense ! Excuse me for being redundant , but this reviewer feels that not enough bad things can be said about this movie . When I was twelve , my first future ex-boyfriend and I used to play DAMSEL IN DISTRESS as he would successfully rescue from the garage where I was hiding . I 'm glad Charlie Sheen and his fellow pirates were n't trying to rescue me because I 'd still be there . They have no clue , and no plan . I bet the real SEALS are disgusted by this mess . A no-brainer .
 It took me three sittings to sit through most of Navy Seals , and I still dozed off through a few minutes of it . Yes , boredum the movie 's biggest problem . This is by far the dullest action movie I 've seen in years , maybe even of all-time . What 's the plot ? Who cares ? It 's just bare bones enough to string up some action sequences , but unfortunately , the action scenes smell of made-for-TV quality . Heck , some of the stuff that 's made-for-TV these days features better action -LRB- i.e. Band of Brothers -RRB- . Director Lewis Teague obviously does n't know much more than the good old point-and-shoot method , meaning he 's got no style or , for that matter , a sense of direction . People shoot , get shot , and it 's a basic , routine pattern that continues for all the gunfights . There are no cool stunts , outrageous situations , or edgy tension during all these scenes.The way it is for me is that movies involving commando teams are rarely ever exciting , mainly because it 's a bunch of tough guys who seem invincible , even when a couple of them get killed . Oh , do n't get me wrong , there are notable exceptions -LRB- such as the nail-biter Executive Decision -RRB- , but Navy Seals sure is n't one of them . The film never builds up any suspense because the villains never seem like a threat . None of the bad guys are even the slightest bit menacing . Already , at least half the movie 's effectiveness is gone.But the `` heroes '' are just as lame and uninteresting . For these parts , acting 's what you 'd expect . Charlie Sheen plays himself , annoying and idiotic as usual . Michael Biehn is the tough-as-nails commander , a role he can do in his sleep , though he plays the part so straight he might just induce some sleep in the viewers . Nobody else makes an impression , not even the usually funny Bill Paxton.I do n't have much more to say about Navy Seals , other than its third-rate , silly crap that fails on every intended level . It 's dull plot and premise wo n't make this an enjoyable movie to trash in a crowd , and its boring execution will put a lot of viewers to sleep . Definitely one of the nadirs of awful modern action filmmaking .1 / 2 out of *****
 The movie is so dumb , I ca n't help but wonder how many Navy Seals felt insulted after seeing it . Maybe it is a cool thing for 12 year olds , I am sure they too want to be able to `` sense '' a door being locked or having a terrorist behind it just by placing your fingertips on it -LRB- did Sheen come up with that one himself ?? -RRB- . At no point in the movie did they even look as the professionals they ought to be . At no point did the movie make any sense , or did the story entail any real intrigue or purpose . Perhaps the Beirut scenes make up for some of the idiotic and lame `` acting '' Sheen throws at you , but overal , I can not help but feeling that this movie does more harm than good to the image and prestige of the US Navy 's finest . Waste of money - waste of time .
 1990 was n't a good year for Charlie Sheen . As if `` Navy Seals '' was n't bad enough , he followed it with `` The Rookie '' , another brainless action flick that both he and director/co-star Clint Eastwood would like to forget . But of the two , I 'd have to say that `` Navy Seals '' is worse . Overflowing with cornball dialogue , stupid action scenes and MTV filler -LRB- remember that golf-cart chase set to music ? -RRB- , this movie was made for a twelve-year-old . Watch `` Black Hawk Down '' and see how a real modern war film sould be made .
 With its comic book plot and cardboard characters this movie does an injustice to the men it takes as its inspiration . Any real world Seal acting as irresponsibly as the Sheen character would not long survive the wrath of his teammates . Yes , its just a movie , but what a shame that the image of real world heros is portrayed by idiot Rambos with swim fins .
 The lineup of cast members are really impressive , minus Charlie Sheen , who again makes it to the script 's boat motor and pulls and pulls the string , breaking it . My two fav actors are Biehn and Paxton -LRB- real life friends -RRB- and I must say that this flick was not worthy of the cast , especially these two . Joanne Whaley , Cyril O'Reiley , and Rick Rossovich , also good actors , were wasted . Some scenes , like the debut of their skills , during the rescue of the remaining 2 American G.I. 's , and the skydive to the coast , were great . Too many of the other action scenes were not believable or tactically true . Biehn is always on the ball , although his dialouge and scrpit matter fail to let him shine . Dennis Ranbert , too bad he was knocked off by Sheen 's carelessness . And then Hawkin 's is still allowed to be on the team ? Is the script stupid or what ? I vote for a remake , but with the same cast-I know they 're older , bu so what . And the lines by Sheen ? He 's not THAT bad ... and it 's not his fault
 Although assured by the Military Channel and Discovery Channel that this DVD was the program I was looking to purchase -LRB- program aired on Military Channel as &#34; Secrets of the Navy Seals &#34; -RRB- , this was not the correct program and a complete waste of my money .
 Too bad the studio could n't get Tom Cruise for this project . But Cruise must 've learned from his TOP GUN adventure , that Hollywood treats the Navy as a cartoon . These two films have much in common
 An incoherent story featuring a mad Charlie Sheen and a childs view of the middle east . Michael Biehn is the only reason I 've giving the show one star . But honestly , this was amusing when I was twelve . But the story never goes anywhere , a military setting up their with The Hunt For Red October is filled with forgetting lines about Terrorism and The Bad Guys and Lets Get Em . Its just so childish compared to the mature message its supposed to be gettin across.I was n't an adult at the time , but its not a film for the 21st century audience .
 An awful movie , filled with all the worst sterotypes of SEALS as disobeident loners . If I were a SEAL , I would be offended . Unless you want to see this for the shooting and explosions , forget it .
 I 'm too sexy for my brain ... this movie is a pain ... the plot is a strain ... on Sheen this is a stain ... buying it is insane ... . throw it off the catwalk ... yeah
 I 'm sorry but I 'm dissappointed with this video . The album Come On Over is played out . It 's been two years since she released it and its about time we heard something new from her . The video has all her videos you can pretty much see on CMT anytime you like . There are also two videos -LRB- Come on Over & Honey I 'm Home -RRB- which only show her in concent . A complete waste of time . If you want to watch quality made videos , do not buy this tape , instead watch Faith Hill on CMT !
 To be blunt , Laura Lee Smith 's Christy is petulant and immature . I like Diane Ladd as an actress , but her portrayal of Alice Henderson is bland.Thumbs up to the men -- Stewart Finaly-McLennan and James Waterson . Also , Dale Dickey did a great job with the role of Opal McHone and I thought Emily Perkins and Olivia Kelly were outstanding as Zady Spencer and Ruby Mae -LRB- respectively.The script could have provided a much better transitions in several place . Most notably , we see the good-by to one beau . It would have been more emotionally satisfying to see her say `` YES ! '' to the other.While some performances were excellent , the movie must stand on the overall performance of the cast , director and screenwriters . With Christy and Alice being so central to the story , it simply does n't make it.We all knew who she would end up with , anyway , did n't we ??? Much better to go back and watch the CBS series or better yet , read the book !
 My mother and I both agree that Kellie Martin is the best Christy ! The original TV series was the best . The PAX movies were so awful ! There is no chemistry between Dr. McNeil and Christy -LRB- Lauren Lee Smith -RRB- . Diane Ladd is lame as Miss Alice , Tyne Daly was the perfect fit for the part . David , wow , what can we say , but to be brutally honest , James Waterston should give up acting altogether ! He was no comparison to Randall Batinkoff as David . Stewart Finlay-McLennan is the best and only Dr. McNeil , hands down ! We were so glad Christy ended up choosing him , but unfortunately , we will never have the pleasure of seeing him marry the real Christy , Kellie Martin !! BOO HOO : -LRB- The original actors were great , including Levar Burton , Tess Harper , Emily Schulmman , and Judy Collins . The actors in the PAX movies were almost all different , and none of the new actors even remotely looked like the old ones , which for us , really took away from the characters . The attempt by PAX to revive the Christy series to give viewers the answer they had been waiting for , was at best , a disappointment . I would n't waste your money on these movies ! Instead , buy the TV series on DVD and leave the wedding to your imagination : -RRB-
 As a christian movie , I think they should always be honest & truthful . Christy -LRB- who was actually Catherine Marshall 's mother , Leonora Whitaker Wood -RRB- DID NOT MARRY THE DOCTOR , SHE MARRIED THE PREACHER , JOHN WOOD ! I found this out by reading Catherine 's book , `` MEETING GOD AT EVERY TURN '' . I know they probably bought the rights to the movie , but still should n't they have been truthful ?
 I was so excited to get this movie because I loved the TV show . I watched it once and I will never watch it again . It was like watching a bad home made movie and do n't get me started on the acting !
 I have to agree with some of the other reviews on here , these movies were not very good . It actually hurt to watch them . The actors who relaced Fairlight , David , and Miss Alice are just not very good at all . I REALLY wish I would not have bought them . Stuart Finlay-McLennan is the ONLY reason that I bought these , to see how the love story ended . I should have stuck with the book , which the ending is enough for me now .
 I really liked the TV show and was disappointed when Pax stopped showing it and was happy when I read that they were making new movies and I tried to watch this movie but just could n't get into it and was really bored but maybe I will try and watch it again sometime and maybe it will grow on me !
 As other reviewers have noted , this movie makes Christy look like a flake , juggling the hearts of two men until she decides which one to `` give back '' . This is a stark contrast to Catherine Marshall 's novel Christy , about a young woman selflessly searching for Truth , even in the face of adversity.The movie also makes Dr. MacNeill look like a flake . A repentant flake , but a flake nonetheless . This is quite different from Dr. MacNeill as portrayed in both the novel and the TV series . In an online interview given just before the movie came out , the actor who played Dr. MacNeill was asked who he thought Christy should marry . He replied that speaking as himself , he thought she should marry David , but that speaking as MacNeill she should marry MacNeill . I thought that was odd , for him not to be rooting for his own character , until I saw the movie . In the movie MacNeill acts as though the world somehow revolves around him , giving him the right to meddle in the lives of others for personal selfish reasons . No wonder even the actor playing him thought that Christy should marry the other guy!To avoid giving a spoiler to the plot , I will just say that although you find out who Chisty chooses , in the end she chooses him for all the wrong reasons , based on emotional whim and fancy , rather than on a deep , soul-searching commitment . Thus the ending is far from satisfying . If you feel you must watch this movie , I recommend requesting it from your local public library . I suspect that someone has already donated a copy which they have no desire to watch again . ; -RRB-
 but not due to the storyline . I absolutely loved the tv series `` Christy '' when it first debuted with Kellie Martin and Tyne Daly . I was very , very annoyed when this wonderful , witty , romantic , dramatic , and all around exceptional show was canned.I was dubious at first when I learned some `` Christy '' tv movies were coming out but I was willing to sit down and watch one to see if it held the same magic for me as the series held . Unfortunately , the magic that had me bowled over week after week with the series was not present in the movies.Don ' t get me wrong , the tv movies might be of the highest quality and caliber but , for me at least , Kellie Martin will always be Christy . Tyne Daly will always be Miss Alice and Randall Batinkoff will always be David . These actors are forever going to embody the characters of the wonderful tv show which was `` Christy '' and no substitutes will do.Which brings me to my real purpose of writing this review . PLEASE ... I 'M BEGGING the powers-that-be to release the `` Christy '' television show on DVD with all its episodes . The series is the only `` Christy '' that I 'm interested in .
 This mini-series takes advantage of the fans ' interest in the love triangle . Two different endings were shot , so that not even the actors knew who Christy would choose . Unfortunately , this decision to keep the viewer guessing until the final scene makes Christy looks like a flake . By the time this soap opera ended , I did n't care about Christy 's fate ; I was feeling too sorry for both the men in her life . Catherine Marshall 's characters deserve better . Stewart Finlay McLennan is excellent as Neil ; I wish he had an experienced actress playing Christy and a script worthy of his talent .
 They took a great series and killed it in these movies ! The acting was horrible and I ca n't even begin to understand the casting choices . The only redeeming quality was the return of the doctor . If you liked the series do n't watch these .
 The new `` Christy '' was ok . But the original cast with Kelly Martin and Tyn Daly will alway be Christy and Miss Alice . I just thought that the girl they got to play Christy was so bland and calm when the Character was actually a little more fiesty . But that was n't even my main problem with it . My problem was that they had replaced all the character 's which is fine , but if your going to do that . Then replace all that characters . Dr.Mcneil is played by that same actor that was in the telvision series . He had chemistry with Kelly Martin . You knew those two . They had no history with him and `` NEW CHRISTY '' . It just did n't seem right to have him played by the same man and everyhting around him different . I might have enjoyed it more if they had gotten a different actor b/c then I would n't thought through the whole thing , NO THIS WRONG . We watched the series as him and Kelly battled and domewhat flirted and You were so upset when they left you hanging . But to add new people and then keep him . Just was n't right ...
 Personally , I absolutly hated this movie . I am a fan of the original serries with Kellie Martin and Randall Batinkoff and at first I was excited someone was finally continuing the story of Christy and yet sad they were n't in it but because of the ending of this particular movie , I 'm GLAD they were n't in it . If they were in it , I would dislike the movie even more because I wanted to see them get together . The reason I disliked this movie will give away the ending and I do n't want to do that for the people who have yet to watch it but let me just say , the guy who played David is a very good actor and at the end of the movie when he was on his horse , I wanted to cry just looking at the expression on his face . It was gut wrenching . And for `` Christy '' to juggle the hearts of 2 men and later to `` give one back '' was disgusting . Women should n't toy with men 's feelings and this movie does just the thing . I was really , really disappointed with the ending of this movie .
 As far as the three Christy DVD 's that you are selling , I think they stink . I lived in Tennessee when they were filming the original series , and this is not the original . Amazon should let customers know that these DVD 's are remakes of the original series .
 Geez , What is this ? Marrying a girl 30 years your junior . Give me a break.Christy obviously needs someone to knock some sense into her head . Why does n't she choose the preacher/fiance ' . The one she chose is soooo old . Makes no sense . I have the other 2 dvd 's as well and watched them both before this one in order to keep the theme intact but am very disappointed . I was so looking forward to her and David being to gether but obviously it 's not to be.There is absolutely no chemistry between Christy and her father figure . I think I would rather go back to my favorite `` Anne of Green Gables '' and `` Avonlea '' at least she came to her senses and chose one that she could grow with instead of the May/December -LRB- Old man wanting young inexperienced lady -RRB- relationship . Oh well ...
 It 's fine that they wanted to continue the story after the TV series was canceled , but I do n't think they should 've done it without the original actors . It 's bad enough to change minor characters , but they had to change Christy herself . She 's obviously the main one so they should 've stayed with Kelly Martin . If she was unavailable , they should have just let it go .
 Having read the book many times growing up & seen the CBS series , I was a bit disappointed with the movies . While great for loyal Christy fans who 're familiar with the characters & the incredible story , I agree with some other reviewers that ` newbie ' fans should n't start with the movies . The original CBS series was great !!! Although Lauren Lee Smith , Diane Ladd & Sam W. are commendable , I think Kellie Martin 's Christy , Tyne Daly 's Miss Alice & Randall Batinkoff 's David were MUCH MORE believable . At times , the acting came off a bit overly done or not enough & unfortunately , Lauren 's Christy struck me as a bit ... bland . The saving grace
 For fans of the original Christy series , this is NOT the ending . The movie is TOTALLY wrong . First of all , the main characters are completely different actors -LRB- except for the doctor -RRB- and they do n't do a good job of their parts . The setting is all wrong too , it 's so obviously not the real mission house and school . The story is wrong as well . The series left it open as to who Christy marries -LRB- we know that the original `` Christy '' , Catherine Marshall 's mother , married a preacher -RRB- . This movie , though , has her marry the doctor . That spoiled everything ! Plus , the acting is cheap . The beautiful scenery and music , the quality acting , the genuineness of all the people of Cutter Gap is missing . If you are a fan of the original Christy series , STAY AWAY FROM THIS !
 Who says movies should have a point ? Not director Donald M. Jones , that 's for sure . Sweater Girls -LRB- which , according to my handy dandy Video Movie Guide , dates back to 1984 - personally , I think it must have been made in the late 70s , but I ca n't find a copyright date on the film -RRB- is about the most pointless movie I have ever seen in my life . It sounded promising
 The tagline on Postal is
 ** 1/2 `` Postal '' opens with what is probably the most tasteless 9/11 joke imaginable . As it 's unfolding , we sit in open-mouthed astonishment , asking ourselves , `` They 're not really going to go there , are they ? '' - and , by golly , they do.And that 's only for starters . This satire - about the propensity of human beings to slaughter one another in the name of foolish causes - then goes on to make light of jihadists , the morbidly obese , religious charlatans , apocalyptic preachers , buxom bimbos , tie-dye-wearing flower children , latte drinkers , Asian drivers , sadistic cops , trailer trash , immigrants , civil servants , the handicapped , little people , insincere news reporters , neighborhood watch groups , suicide bombers , neo-Nazis , George W. Bush - you name it , it 's in here . For , if nothing else , `` Postal '' clearly prides itself on being an equal-opportunity offender , and no sacred cow - or not so sacred cow - is safe from its savaging . It even has little children being shot point-blank by terrorists , replete with blood spewing forth in slow-motion as their lifeless little bodies writhe in the air then hit the ground . The movie - overflowing as it is with wanton death , destruction and graphic violence - is , you will not be surprised to learn , based on a video game.For their effort to turn `` political incorrectness '' into an art form , writer/director Uwe Boll and co-writer Bryan C. Knight certainly deserve a healthy amount of commendation and praise . In an age when too few comedies are willing to tackle serious subjects , there 's something downright refreshing about a group of filmmakers who are willing to display this degree of in-your-face defiance and chutzpah . But as so often happens with pitch-dark comedies , those who make them often mistake being daring with being funny - and , indeed , too often in `` Postal '' the humor itself falls well short of the mark , leaving only a bitter aftertaste in the end -LRB- less because it 's offensive than because it 's so poorly executed -RRB- . What story there is centers around a well-meaning schmuck , referred to simply as Dude -LRB- the likable Zack Ward -RRB- , who 's unemployed in a bad economy and having a devil of a time finding work , until he meets up with some crazy cultists bent on bringing the Final Days to fruition . But , basically , the movie is a series of loosely related blackout sketches held together by the barest minimum of a plot and a desire to shock audiences out of their bourgeois complacency.Not unexpectedly , given the movie 's rather third-grade level of humor , vomit , poop and male genitalia serve as major sources of comedy in the story.And when Osama bin Laden is telling George W. Bush he does n't know how to quit him , you know you 're in for some pretty rough going in the laughs department.All in all , a missed opportunity .
 The first twenty minutes of this movie was absolutely shocking
 Sorry but this movie is unintelligable like most of his other work.avoid this movie , like everything else Uwe Boll does . This time the German director attempts Satire , but it just in not funny , nor good action . or anything worth watching . I am stupified at how he puts good actors in a movie , but then has the worst script ever , then the worst directing job ever.avoid at all costs .
 The writer of this film ca n't possibly be any more than maybe 14 years old . It 's crude , insensitive humor was more about bad taste , than humor . I guess I 'm having a hard time appreciating humor anymore and yet I myself speak in cynical but positive humor all day , always cracking people up.Comedy use to be more intelligent . This movie was just stupid , period ! What a serious waste of my time . I did n't think that anything could be worse than `` Tropic Thunder '' but I guess I was wrong .
 This movie was not funny at all . okay it had some funny parts but uit was one of the stupidest movies i 've since . it up there with borat and bruno .
 First , despite seeing a number of Uwe 's films , I 'm not a Uwe fan or hater . I think that with anything , there is potential ... but ... there is a point where potential either gets used or abused.So here is the thing : Uwe tried to be too shocking at the expense of the humor of what was going on . The script needed work , just some tune-ups and some common sense things to make it a pretty funny movie , and especially funny if it was to piss people off . The first few minutes were traumatically funny , that 's ` bout it ... but let 's be honest , this is not even a good B-Film . There are scenes I think put in the movie just to be shock factor , and that 's not necessarily a good thing . They seem out of place , seem to be making things * shocking * just for the fact of being shocking , and even then it seems forced . Uwe could have done a lot more , been much more funnier , and ultimately , a lot better movie if he would have edited it more , and went for the obvious humor than the unnecessary shock factor ... it had shock factor already.The scenes with Vern Troyer were very funny , the scenes with the sniper cat also funny , and the scenes with Bin Laden and Bush were also pretty good ... it shows that maybe Uwe could make a better movie , a funnier movie , but chose to pepper the good with a lot of unnecessary bad . Did we need to see a full fronal nudity scene with Dave Foley?Speaking of Dave , he is a funny guy , but he seems wasted as a talent here . Zach Snyder is dead on perfect for what he 's doing , but that 's it ... the rest of the cast seems ... drifting ... at best , and in a comedy , you 're either playing straight or your in the joke.Again , was it the director or scriptwriter ? I do n't know ... but the movie fails to live up to the humor it was promoting itself with . Did I completely hate the movie ? No ... it has moments , but those moments are few and far between , and the film feels cheap for not having more of them.My two cents .
 I never received this item . Money and shipping were returned and did not repurchase .
 The greatest part of B-action film ` Top of the World ' is its cast
 Wo n't play on my modern DVD player . Is it made for America , or some other countries ? I am very disappointed .
 Movie pundits are right . While I enjoyed the movie this was rather lack lustre . I would have liked Mary Martin and Ezio Pinza , from Broadway , to have starred in the movie , but then maybe the less than glowing movie was a reult of director 's work .
 Two stars for the music ... they did n't hurt the music . Minus 3 stars for messing with the color , bigtime ... whose idea was it to add the colored-lens-look on and off thoroughout the movie ? Wish I had n't bought this one .
 The long-running classic Broadway musical about romance in the Pacific theater of WWII took awhile to make it to film , and it just does not hold up over time . The dubbed-in operatic baritone by an Italian actor playing a Frenchman with an Italian accent both when he speaks and when he sings -LRB- ? -RRB- sounds ludicrous to the 21st-century ear , the dialogue is frequently laughable , and the bizarre directorial decision to film some scenes through color filters that just look nasty , combine to make this an exceptionally overrated piece of nostalgic cheese . Plenty of ham to go with it , too . Bleah . The only reason there 's more than one star in my rating is that the film does very well in making its point against racism , a socially redeeming factor that was very much germaine in the late '50s . But that 's no reason anyone should be subjected to this snoozer at this late date .
 i had ordered this movie cause i remember going to the theatre when i was a teenager and i loved it . well i got the movie and started to watch it and it was just all music , i was disippointed and so i sent it back . i have never re-ordered that movie again . i was the one whom did this wrong , i just didnt read the description well .
 South Pacific on film should have been the finest of all R&H musicals but was ruined by Joshua Logan . The direction is dreadful . Everyone is miscast except Juanita Hall and she was dubbed , yet she did the show on broadway . Where was the choreography ? It did n't exist . The `` Nothin Like a Dame '' number is embarrassing to watch . Enough has been said about the disgusting use of color filters , but that is the least of this travesty 's problems . A great work of the American Muscial Theatre bastardized by the useless Josh Logan . He also ruined Camelot and Paint Your Wagon on the screen .
 This widescreen movie is NOT anamorphic . Save yer money ! Widescreen and NOT anamorphic ? What 's the point !!!!
 Poor direction and a plodding pace ruin this film . Hollywood took a wonderful Broadway musical and destroyed it . The only good thing about it is the music . The cd of the soundtrack is absolutely glorious . But the film itself is perfectly dreadful . And what was with the different lens colors for the different songs ? I found that totally unnecessary and positively ANNOYING !
 I was dissapointed with quality of the color . It was like looking at old phots that faded with time . They could have done a better job at cleaning up the color . The night sceans were almost purple and the day sceans by the ocean were washed out . For the price of the dvd they could have digitly remastered the entire movie and had a better quality.It was n't worth the $ 21,99 paid .
 Have never seen this before so after seeing the stage show thought I shoud give it another go . Unfortunately still not a lover !
 I did not know what was meant by region 2 and it is a worthless purchase because it does not play in my region which I have learned is 1 These dvd should not be allowed to be listed with region 1
 How did R&H allow their glorious stage work to be so trashed . The story structure is rearranged , ersatz and totally inapproriate to the moment comedy destroys what was a tense , moving and tragic denoument . On stage this was a boisterious , realistic portrayal of American troops in the Pacific in WW II , that stunned with its tragic-hopeful ending . Long , boring and one of the greatest of R&H scores is only a disheartening shadow of itself . A black filter should be permanently put over this atrocity
 If you can close your eyes and listen to just the music , then this VSH/DVD musical is worth the money . Even if you crack open your eyes , the technicolor is spectacular . But then you 've got to watch the poor cast members who were all incredibly miscast by Josh Logan , the director . Mitzi Gaynor is so cloying and inept it 's like watching someone emoting in a high school play . John Kerr is so colorless and flat , it 's like he walked onto the set after doing a pimple commercial for TV . Rosanna Brazzi is gorgeous but the ravishing Rod Taylor and even Rock Hudson were also considered -LRB- yes , the unforgettably sizzling Rod Taylor of ` The Birds ' , ` The Time Machine . ' -RRB- Brazzi reportedly became enraged when the studio refused to let him use his own voice for singing . Those who heard him , said that for once , the studio proved astute because Brazzi sounded like a sick mule . The same insiders said that of all the actresses who screen tested for the femme role of Nellie Forbush , Liz Taylor was the one who knocked everyone out of their seats . She was at the peak of beauty and could actually carry a tune . Doris Day was also a knockout in her tests . Another contender , the now forgotten Joan McCracken who stole the l947 musical , `` Good News '' away from leads June Allyson and Peter Lawford , is also supposed to have been dynamite . But did Logan even consider them ? As another reviewer pointed out , he kept muttering , `` they 'll have to be dubbed . '' Ha ! He finally ened up dubbing everyone -- from Rosanna to Bloody Mary to the nerdish John Kerr . Only giggly little Mitzi escaped the dubbing booth . I think the color filters were beautiful , the scenery divine , Brazzi sexy as all get out . If only the cast had been as memorable .
 Probably not vendor 's fault but this international format will not play on either of my two DVD players . I did not see any mention on the website but I was not looking as I assumed it was the USA format .
 This movie must be restored -- the quality of picture is unacceptable beginning with Bloody Mary 's singing Bali Hi . I tried to purchase a completely restored , digitally remastered DVD of this musical and could not find one in 2007 . I returned this DVD to the seller .
 The show was wonderful , but the movie was plain old bad . It was good in some ways , but bad in most . You 'll be dissapointed if you watch this movie .
 I saw this film about 2 years ago , and was not impressed . I tried to watch it again last night and was thoroughly disappointed . What is a great and moving show on stage becomes one big thudding dud of a film . One of Rogers & Hammerstein 's best scores is lost amid this wan cast . Mitzy Gaynor is far too earnest and perky , though she can sing . Rosanno Brazzi is pretty right-on casting - sensual and sexy ; one can understand why a younger woman would fall for him ; I echo the sentiments about John Kerr - not exactly the type one envisions as the great lover . Ray Walston is an embarassment as the `` comic '' lead . The use of the color filters is distracting beyond tolerance . Apparently , Logan wanted to elminate them , but there was n't time or money.I look forward to seeing this classic on stage to do justice to how wonderful it can be with the right elements .
 This musical did not age well at all . I 'm crushed and disappointed . Purchased for my granddaughter based on my memory of the film , but the acting was weak and stilted , with the exception of the old Polynesian dame , who was WONDERFUL . Still , not worth the money or experience of seeing it again .
 I received the South Pacific dvd for christmas gift and it had two disc 's in it but they were both disc number one , so I did not want to tell the person I got it from about it , so I ordered another one from amazon , it came today and we set down to watch disc number two and was disc number one . you are sending out south pacific with both disc 's the number one I would like to have South pacific with both one and two in it . It is marked number two but it is n't . Please send me the right one with both disc number one and two in it , but they are marked one and two . maybe others have had this problem . thank you
 Joshua Logan 's `` South Pacific '' is moderately entertaining and a reasonably accurate rendition of the stage version of Rodgers and Hammerstein 's hit musical . The movie is hardly energetic , but does try to remain faithful to the original , including some awful dialogue , but also including the courageous theme of interracial love and marriage . Mitzi Gaynor and Rossano Brazzi are adequate but lackluster in the principal parts . The use of color filters to underscore the musical numbers gradually becomes annoying , and does n't add anything to the presentation . This is still a great movie to have , especially if you 're a musical buff . The biggest disappointment -LRB- for the DVD version -RRB- was the second-rate video quality that seems to be present on all of Fox 's classic R&H musicals , like `` The King & I '' and `` Oklahoma '' . It 's just too soft and poorly focussed . -LRB- They 're probably using an inferior source for the digital transfer . -RRB-
 I had great difficulty in getting this disc to play . It would not play properly on either our dvd player or the dvd drive on the computer . The segments that I did see were technically poor with weird colour as described by the other negative reviews on amazon.Ultimately I did find a computer with a drive that could read the whole disc but by them I had lost interest . Visually poor , and technically a massive problem .
 I saw this play in high school and absolutely loved it . The girl in my high school did a better job of playing Nellie than Mitzi Gaynor did . I rented the movie a few years ago and watched about half of it and turned it off . Last week , I tried to watch it again , and I still did n't like it . The casting is all wrong and I always lose interest . It 's a shame . With a good cast , this movie could have shined .
 i ordered THIRD MAN ON THE MOUNTAIN DVD ... before i ordered this DVD ... was sometime in January 2007 and i paid for top speed delivery ... i received the other DVD in my order but not THIRD MAN ON THE MOUNTAIN DVD ... nothing yet ... can u look into where it is please ... i have emailed before but have not received any response ... and wont order again from AMAZON \ thank youGlenda Papac
 What a crashing bore ! After viewing it once , I was n't sure if it was the movie or me , so I suffered through it a second time -LRB- all 150 never-ending minutes of it -RRB- and I must irrevocably conclude that it 's the movie . How such an awful film was ever made is beyond comprehension!Though the casting is all wrong , the acting is passable . But the music is what 's really atrocious . The lyrics are literally dripping with sap and the music is outrageously slow and drags on forever . The overdubbing is badly done -LRB- except for Gaynor who sings for herself and who proves that she 's a better singer than actress -RRB- with all the men having the same baritone singing voice . `` There 's Nothing Like A Dame '' is forced and overblown , and it literally screams with campiness -LRB- Ray Walston 's outfit ! -RRB- to the point where you expect the Village People to come through and drag them all off to the local YMCA . `` Some Enchanted Evening '' and `` This Nearly Was Mine '' both sound like funeral dirges ; and `` Happy Talk '' and `` I 'm In Love With A Wonderful Guy '' are just downright embarrassing . R&H have repeatedly proven that they could do so much better , so I 'll chalk these songs up to a temporary lapse of good taste and judgment , with the exception of `` You 've Got To Be Taught '' which actually has a socially-significant message.The casting director should have been fired on the spot when he suggested that Rossano Brazzi could be passed off as a French plantation owner . Could n't he hear Brazzi 's heavy Italian accent ?! Duh ! And poor John Kerr looks like he has n't gone through puberty yet , so imagining him as a lieutenant is a stretch indeed . The whole thing was badly executed , from the ultra-slow storyline to the constant use of those annoying colored filters that had to be the result of some heavy narcotic use by director Joshua Logan . The only redeeming value to this movie is its excellent choice of outdoor scenery ; the Hawaiian islands look fantastic and most inviting.On the technical side , the DVD has its flaws also . The image is cleaned up very nicely , and looks fantastic in widescreen , but still has artifacts and stray lines throughout -- someone take a cue from Criterion , please , and learn about proper digital remastering and cleanup . The color balance is flawed with some major color shift during those very slow-moving scenes . But the sound is what 's most annoying . The dialog is incredibly low and the duets are barely audible -LRB- you 'll be thankful for the subtitles -RRB- , but the music and the sound effects are loud enough to burst eardrums . The bombing and machine-gun sound effects in the second half of the movie will rattle the neighborhood . You 'll find yourself toying with the volume control throughout . Not fun . Finally , the DVD coding is off
 I 'm gon na wash this film right out of my mind . It is long and it is dull . Deadly so . There is a scene in the beginning that introduces the character of Bloody Mary that defies all logic of reshooting . Mitzi Gaynor in the lead is a pixie in search of a Gidget movie although her sexy `` Wonderful Guy '' bit on the beach is one of the film 's few redeeming moments . But it just never clicks , like a tired wave lapping against a shore , it goes on and on . When it ended , I felt like I passed an endurance test .
 This may be a classic musical but I do n't like watching it and I like the songs even less . I do like Sound of Music but the visuals , the actors and the music of South Pacific turn me off . They should remake this storyline about the US Navy in the South Pacific during WW2 because it IS a good idea . But I have never liked hearing the songs . This movie just makes me want to see Operation Petticoat and Mr. Roberts -LRB- which always makes me cry . -RRB-
 We purchased this movie because our teenage son was singing a song from the movie for a competition . We found it too painful to watch the whole movie . It 's cheesy and terribly dated . We love musicals and have a list of many that we are happy to watch over and over again , but this one will not be added to that list !
 Film quality wss poor as was the editing . Would return if I could.Edited out most of Brazzis singing which is highlight of show . We had way too much of Mitzi Gaynor .
 I had heard a lot about this series , so it was with anticipation that I sat down to enjoy it - what a disappointment ! I began with this Vol . 2 , because it 's actually the FIRST of the TV series ; Vol . 1 is the OVA which the TV series is based on , and so there 's an expected noticeable drop in quality between the two . Sound and picture quality for this are about what one should expect from a TV series from the mid-90 's , contemporary with Tenchi and Sailor Moon
 I think there have been a handful of these death-animated slasher-scarecrow movies , all of which seem to come complete with a whole mass of acting and continuity problems . This one is no exception . As far as shooting , casting and special effects went , this movie reminded me of Bloody Murder 2 , and it even had this chick from Bloody Murder 2 . There are a scatter of hot-looking girls , which is cool . And another good thing is that , in this movie , you look forward to seeing just about everyone die.There 's this skinny high school kid that 's constantly getting picked on by all of the nancy-boy bullies ; this part of the movie is familiar enough . But they went overboard . The ridicule is just a little over the top , complete with a teacher that calls the kid white trash in front of a whole classroom ; I do n't think they can really get away with that kind of stuff these days , can they ? Anyway , the little chick from Bloody Murder 2 is the only one that defends the guy . And he 's in love with her . Then , the skinny kid sees the Bloody Murder chick kissing the pudgy football punk that ridicules him the most . Enraged , the kid goes home , and promptly walks in on his lowlife mother and some pot-bellied slouch fornicating like dogs . The slouch ends up killing the kid , and his soul jumps into the body of a very horror-movie-looking scarecrow.This could have been cool , but they just messed it up . For some reason , the Scarecrow , armed with two small scythes , has to enter every scene with a spinning Power Rangers flip . Uggh . And , they gave him this stupid Freddy voice complete with a full arsenal of cheap one-liners . Uggh # 2 . Now , this is an area in which the time-honored techniques of the main man , Vorhees , divide the neophyte johnny-come-lately slashers from the true masters . Vorhees just goes in and does his thing , never stopping for some kind of jerkweed Freddy comment , just getting business done . Yeah baby . But , the Scarecrow does kill the football punk by cramming an ear of corn into his ear , and he does another creep with the let-you-see-your-heart-before-you-die trick . So , I mean , the movie does have its moments . However , next time , I 'd go with alot more Vorhees and ALOT less Freddy.The Bloody Murder chick ends up burning the Scarecrow , but it seems that he now has the ability to soul-transfer at will . Ostensibly , he ca n't be destroyed -- so I guess his ghost haunts the images of a sequel yet to come . Maybe they 'll get the formula straightened out by then .
 As many have mentioned , director -LRB- ? -RRB- Emmanuel Itier claims he has been influenced by Dario Argento , John Carpenter , Troma , and George Romero . Can you arrest someone for directing under the influence?SCARECROW is Carrie reborn . The put upon young geek who nobody likes but one girl , naturally . . and even she 's not sincere to the heart . But anyway said geek gets killed by mom 's disgusting lover , and his soul goes into a scarecrow and the revenge begins . Handled with a little more style and originality , it could have been passable entertainment . But the Matrix jumps , the Freddy attempts to be funny , and the unrelenting gore plummet this movie into the depths of the B bin . Tim Young as Lester looks like he 's 30 years old ; the teacher makes the wicked witch of the west look saintly , and the overall acting is essentially rotten . I have never seen so many wasted scenes of the moon , clouds racing across the sun , and other padding scenes . The musical score is relentlessly bad and boring.No surprises , no genuine scares , and the behind the scenes documentary is a hoot .
 The movie was grade Z budget . They used that junky digital camera stuff to make it . I rented it because it had a cool cover but when I saw the first few seconds and saw how cheap it was I almost shut it off . But I did n't and was strangely entertained by it . The last half hour was dumb but if they had a budget and a little more talent this movie might have been pretty good . The Scarecrow looked cool though .
 Scarecrow is about a high school student who is tormented by his peers , his teachers , and his mother 's boyfriend . Late one night , his mother 's boyfriend murders the teen in a field near a scarecrow . The teen 's soul possess the scarecrow and he wants revenge on his tormenters.The premise sounds interesting , but the movie is horrible to watch thanks to the bad acting , dialogue , and camera shots . The actor who plays the main character looks like he is 40 and the other teens look like they are closer to 30 ! All I could do was just laugh at the stupidity of the casting . I prefer to watch the sequelScarecrow Slayerover this garbage .
 I really wanted to be able to enjoy this flick , but alas , no such joy . The concept generally includes the outcast kid who is obviously picked on by everyone , dies , and somehow inhabits the body of a scarecrow , and thereby wreak havoc on all who wronged him . Fun idea . Sadly , though , the execution was very week . Its obviously low budget , which is not bad per se , but with the low budget comes poor directing - lots of very empty filler camera shots that go nowhere . But then the scarecrow goes very ninja - weird . Worth a rental , but that 's it .
 With so many reviewers getting ticked off about the scarecrow doing flips , one has to wonder if that 's really the problem here . First , let 's talk about a major screw up I noticed within this waste of celluloid
 Alright , this entire movie is indeed a disaster . The `` kid '' Lester , is awful , as is the rest of the cast . That is , except for Tiffany Shepis . She is not only beautiful , but quite good and believable in her role as Lester 's only hope of ever having a friend . Unfortunately , the rest of this movie is tedious and dull to the extreme ! You 'd think that a vengeful , acrobatic , wise-cracking scarecrow would at least be good for some laughs . Alas , he 's just as bad as the rest of this torturous pile of dog brownies ! Oh well , do n't say I did n't warn you ...
 do n't think i 've ever been real impressed by any of the scarecrow films even though there 's only like 4 or 5 of em . they must be hard to make . this movie tried wayy to hard , the scarecrow tried to have a personality like freddie krueger but was more ridiculous than anything . was fairly entertaining and had a few cool death scenes but other than that i ca n't say i highly recommend this movie .
 I am getting really tired of renting these new straight to video horror films and getting nothing that shocks or scares me . I read the back of this DVD case and I decided to rent it at the my local video store . I do n't mind the bad acting or the bad script cause that is what B movies are all about . Script was bad , but the overal story was even worst.The story of a kid being picked on by everyone from his Mom 's drunk boyfriend , to every popular kid at school , to even his teacher was a lame storyline for a backstory of a killer . What made Michael Myers so scary in Halloween was we did n't know why he was crazy . Now this poor kid dies and some how and someway his spirit goes into a scarecrow out in the fields and then goes for his revenge . OK , why would I be scared of a guy trying to get revenge on all the people who tortured this poor kid ? I would n't be scared , but I would root for the guy to get his revenge.The director in the `` Behind the Scene '' extra talks about his mentor 's Dario Argento , John Carpenter , Wes Craven etc etc etc. . He even gives them thanks before the credits roll at the end . But this director has no clue what made those great horror directors so great . He then said he wanted to tap into what the kids today like . Horror , matrix style fighting , and comic book style . OK , horror fans DO NO , I repeat DO NOT want to see a Scarecrow do flips OK ! Top it all off we have another killer trying to be FUNNY . Freddy Kruger might have popularized the comedy line before or after killing someone , but it was the first Nightmare On Elmstreet everyone calls the best because it was creepy , scary and NOT FUNNY.The only thing that was good was the makeup of the Scarecrow which really looked fabulous . The main heroin was great , but the plotline just was n't scary and you ended up not carrying . Also never start off a story by saying there will be a suprise twist at the end . BTW , the suprise twist you can see coming a MILLION and ONE MILES away.Also these new horror movies of today are just too slick . I hate the digital shot ones . Even with low budget -LRB- This movie was shot in 8 days -RRB- still it came off too slick . I think these new directors need to go back and watch the great horror movies of the 70 's and 80 's and learn why these films where so good .
 I hoped for an atmospheric , suspenseful and classy horror movie , but unfortunately none of those qualities are found here . All the characters are caricatures , the tongue in cheek humor falls flat , and the overdone , often grotesque acting grates . The gore is fine , but the stalking scenes have no buildup and no tension , so it 's hard to care . This could have been so much more - the elements for a good horror show are here , including nice photography and special effects , but there is no solid foundation to lay them on . Those who crave gore for its own sake probably wo n't be disappointed , but more discerning horror fans will only be frustrated by all the missed possibilities in Scarecrow .
 I never thought I 'd live to see another movie that almost had the same bad quality as Plan 9 from Outer Space . Scarecrow comes the closest I 've ever seen , even beating Battlefield Earth . It 's so bad that it 's actually funny ; Not good , funny.Scarecrow stars a 30 year old high school student , a porn star , the directors friends and Earl Hickey . After being pushed to the edge by everyone , Lester Dwervick ends up dead , but his vengeful spirit lives on in the body of a scarecrow and begins taking his revenge , one by one on everybody who did him wrong , while coming up with several contrived excuses to do acrobatic flips over what ever obstacle happens to be present . As the bodies begin to pile up , it 's up to Tiffany Shepis to combat this evil scarecrow who is armed with the worst one-liners in history.The thing I noticed straight away with Scarecrow is that it is n't scary . This is n't helped by the scarecrow uttering the most ridiculous lines ever thought up . This can best be summarised in the scene when the Scarecrow makes it 's first appearance . Picture it like this . It 's close to midnight , there 's a low lying fog , there 's very little light , and Earl Hickey is wandering along , drunk as a skunk , cursing the late Lester Dwervick , calling him an idiot . Suddenly , from within the darkness , a hollow deep voice booms , `` Takes one to know one ; Idiot ! '' I laughed the soda was a drinking through my nose when I heard that . There 's absolutely no pacing or effective use of stillness . The Scarecrow just ca n't get enough of the spotlight , back flipping off car roofs and displaying himself from the earliest opportunity , even in broad daylight.The actors are all terrible , and look like they 're in this film because they 're the directors friends , giving it that Ed Wood feel , and possibly the same Ed Wood magic . Tim Young dose not look like a high school student , and Tiffany Shepis wins all the Razzie awards for Most Obviously Crowbarred-In Love Interest , Most Irritating , Most Stereotypical Beautiful Heroine , and Lifetime Achievement . However , speaking in Ms Shepis defence , Halle Berry could 've have played the roll , and the character would still have failed because there was simply nothing to play . The dialogue she had to work with and the character development were utter garbage , not helped by the fact that the character she 's playing is a Mary Sue.Despite all the flaws I mentioned , I kept watching until the end , laughing all the way and even shaking my head at the obvious shock ending that 's about as shocking as that ninja baby on YouTube . Still , after watching the whole thing and getting a good laugh out of it , I have found that after putting it back on my shelf , I have no desire to watch it again .
 Having enough of an insanely hot summer leaves an old elf longing for the cool Autumn days . Nothings better then that time when September rolls around bring us football and plenty of b horror choices with October right around the corner . Nothing really fits the mood better then a scarecrow themed flick to bring us to the nice frame of mind . While cruising through some online choices we stumbled across a film we 'd noticed years ago but never got around to renting called Scarecrow . Judging from the cover it had promise of delivering the B-ness we always look for with also some high hopes of actually being creepy . Well unfortunately within the first minute we came to the realization this one could n't even be enjoyed for laughs ... something that is very hard not to accomplish when it comes to the Super Sid brothers.The film starts out with some kid getting impaled with a pole while trying to fix his mustang on the side of the road , and goes so quickly downhill from there without chance of redemption . Naturally being the B lovers we are we had to give the film a fair shake hoping their might be the slightest glimpse of entertainment . However just came up empty in every possible way . It started to remind us of our worst watch ever!Halloween Nightor maybe it 's runner upRise Of The Scarecrowsin the way of providing no sense of enjoyment for even the simplest of minds . We 're not going to even give a synopsis because there was n't one to give . The only good thing to come from this was giving it the patent Loomis while bringing back to the mailbox of `` He 's gone ... the evil 's gone from here ! ''
 Let 's start with what 's good in this movie . The scarecrow was pretty creepy looking . Ok , we 're done with the good , now the bad . Do we start with a script so bad that even an infinite number of monkeys with an infinite number of typewriters would never write it or do we begin with acting as hambone and scenery chewing as a high school play . Perhaps we should go right to the incompetent directing . Emmanuel Itier has a credit at the end of the movie with a laundry list of directors and writers he says have inspired him including John Carpenter , Stephen King , Wes Craven , and Dario Argento . After the inspiration kicked in , he should have paid attention and learned something from them . This movie is horrible and I want my $ 2 rental fee back .
 This reminded me of the toxic avenger , however , it wasnt even that good ! beyond B movie ! bad qaulity , bad editing , bad acting , bad FX , really really bad lines -LRB- although what is really sad was some of the lines where the best part of the movie -RRB- note
 I got ta say that this show was just sad . But then again ... nowdays what horror movie is n't . If I had to edit out all the bad acting and unnecessary dialogue throughout the movie then there would n't be enough film left to create a trailer . Basically this show is about a kid who gets picked on ... gets killed ... becomes a scarecrow -LRB- without any explanation on how that happened -RRB- ... comes back and gets revenge on the people that picked on him ... then he gets himself killed -LRB- again -RRB- . The only thing that I can honestly say was decent about this movie was the gore factor ... and even that got tired after a while . I mean everyone that died was spitting up blood regardless of how they were killed and it seems all this gore was put into the movie to keep the audience hooked . The worst thing was the acting and unnecessary dialogue . Examples are the boy 's mother and the dates she brings home to the trailer -LRB- bad acting and some totally unnecessary parts -RRB- . Next would be the sheriff and the deputy ... the grave digger and is daughter ... the three guys telling stories in the cornfield ... I mean did these people even go to acting school or what . Not that they were the only ones with bad acting ... in fact to be honest no one in that show could act . I could go on and on and on about everything that 's wrong with this movie but I can only use 1,000 words or less in this review , which is about 5,000 words too short . I 'm a fan of horror films and I 'm always hoping to see a good B rated horror movie but this definitely was n't it . If you see this in a rental store and you think it looks good ... I suggest you rent something else .
 i just can not believe how terrible this was . the box art looked cool , but it just turned out to be another crappy wannabe horror `` movie '' that was made in the 1990 's or 2000 's . do n't get me wrong , i LOVE 70 's -80 's horror movies . i live off of them . halloween -LRB- none of the sequels though -RRB- , friday the 13 , madman , the funhouse , texas chainsaw massacre -LRB- the remake was pretty cool -RRB- , suspiria , the shining , black christmas , all of those 70 's 80s slasher/horror movies . they are wonderful . but this trash , it is just so bad . no suspense , no atmosphere , nothing . and how cool the crow looks means nothing . it is overridden with crappy effects , terrible plot -LRB- who would n't kill of those a ** holes if they had the chance !? -RRB- , TERRIBLE cast , no hot girls , especially judy , ughh , talk about a serioulsy hideous ... thing , i guess , but i do n't want to call her that , that is an insult to that movie the thing -LRB- great -RRB- . lets just call her an hideous , ugly , disgusting piece of s *** . the guy who kills the nerd kid looks like mario mixed with some inbred idiot , none of the characters are likable . i am not even sure if this movie takes itself seriously . it gives me a headache watching it . and the worst part it , the incompetent excuse for a director on the behind the scenes crap said tobe hooper , wes craven , dario argento influenced his life and he gave them a big thanks . he probably just said that so if they happened to see it -LRB- i do n't know why they would -RRB- they would be like oh how cool , maybe i should direct a film with him . but the true disgrace , is that he said JOHN CARPENTER influenced his movie . THAT IS TOTAL BULL !!!! this movie has boring gore , nothing to hold your attention , unrealistic deaths , every time someone died they made this annoying moaning noise . carpenter believed in suspense , atmosphere , creepy settings , but this guy totally relies on gore . i love gore -LRB- check out the prowler and the burning -RRB- , but this guy uses boring gore like blood shooting out of peoples mouths and all this crap . please avoid this , at all costs . -100000000000000000000000 out of 5 . like all of those crappy troma films , this does not take the horror genre seriously and should not have ever been made . it sucks . go watch the funhouse instead , now THAT , is a wonderful slasher film . all slashers of the 70 's 80 's are , for the most part , these are A films to me , but scarecrow , just like most films made in the 90 's and 00 's -LRB- not including leprechaun , jack frost , and VERY few others -RRB- this is crap and should totally be avoided . I HATE TROMA AND THIS DIRECTOR AND ANYTHING THAT DISGRACES THE HORROR GENRE LIKE SCREAM , SCARECROW , TROMA , AND THAT DISGUSTING B ***** THAT PLAY JUDY IN THIS MOVIE . AHHHHHHHHHH , STICK TO THE 70 'S 80 'S AND YOU CAN NEVER GO WRONG !!!!!!!!!!!!!! I LOVE JOHN CARPENTER . just had to get that out , but seriously , you like horror , go back to the overlooked horrors of the 70 's 80 's .
 I bought this movie along with Scarecrow Slayer -LRB- ... -RRB- . I read the back and they came together so I took my chances and bought it.I have to say I was dissapointed.The summary sounded good but but the movie didnt please me.But after watching the second one I liked this movie better.Some good things were the scarecrow looked scary and there was some good gore.The acting is horrible and I hated how the scarecrow was always doing flips and karate.Basicly the movie is about a kid who gets picked on by popular jocks , girls that he likes , his teacher , his mean boss , and his moms boyfriend and is turned into a scarecrow when his moms boyfriend kills him.Now he is getting revenge on everyone that made him mad.First he kills his moms boyfriend then a popular jock and so on with his teacher , his boss , more popular kids , and many others.Some people he kills that didnt do anything to him like the young highschool kids and the gravedigger.The plot sounds cool but the directer ruined the movie.This could have been a great movie.My favorite part was when the scarecrow killed the teacher.That was my favorite because of 2 reasons ,1 because the teacher was so mean to the kid before and two because her death was plain awseam!For some reason the scarecrow didnt kill any of the girls that picked on him , except his teacher of course and she was a lot older.And speaking of the girls what was up with the main charecter , Judy!She was so ugly.They could of atleast made the main charector attractive!And for most of the movie we dont even see her.Near the end when Judy was killing the scarecrow was so stupid and cheesy.I would reccomend you rent this but deffintly dont buy it like I did.And if you think this one is bad you should see the second one.Oh My God that movie is horrible !!! I am beating my self up for buying that !!! Anyway thanks for reading my review
 Look at the cover of the movie , does this actually look like a good movie ? Well I was going to give it a one but the behind the sceens is the most funniest thing I have ever seen ! When that french dude is talking he just says the funniest things . Why could n't they make a movie about this dude ? That would be something to see . The best part is in the end where he is all like `` sometimes life is like a b **** and then other times is f *** ing rips ! '' What ? ha ha ha ha ha ha
 I first heard about this film in a film-rental store 's `` Upcoming Rentals '' catalog . The boxart creeped me out and the story seemed great ! I rented this one rainy Saturday night a few weeks after it 's release and my friends and I went home to watch it . We turned out the lights and prepared to be scared . We were mistaken . Not only does this involve a no-name cast -LRB- Some of which are actually okay -RRB- , but a poorly produced and directed film overall . This is in the same category as Cabin Fever . The one thing that busts my button is when the scarecrow pulls the heart of the black boy out and then thorws him to the ground and then you can still see him breathing ... . Anyways , another thing that kinda disappinted me was the overall effect of the film ... sad . The actor who played Stephanie 's boyfriend was pretty sexy though and I found myself looking at him mostly thoroughout the film . If someone remade this , say Wes Craven or Steven Spielberg , this film would be great . A different cast , a better script , a better director ... Maybe Eric Jungemann as Lester , Jessica Biel as Stephanie , and Paul Walker as Stephanie 's boyfriend .
 this movie isnt all that bad i would recommend just renting it and saving a little money instead of buying to watch one time , then hide it so you dont get mad at yourself for spending 15 bucks on it.ill say one thing about the movie , if you 're wanting to buy a SCARY movie then dont buy this one !!
 I am so baffled . I have ordered several orginal DVDs and none work on my player . All I get is a million little boxes . Please HELP . I have spent money for a product that I can not view . I do n't understand because the DVDs have been shipped from different locations .
 Previous to viewing this , I was sure that the Matrix
 I 'm not sure why I decided to buy this flick - probably the low price and the positive reviews.It turned out to be a mistake.This movie is awful . Although I like `` B '' movies and direct-to-video titles that are fun to watch , either because of a good storyline or great actors , this movie has none of those things . The story is weak , the acting is uninspired , and the direction is atrocious.Those reviews saying this movie is awesome have to be shills - no way . AVOID .
 Stupid criminals hook up with stupid record exec who thinks he can use them to further his evil plans to create a mall &#65533; er &#65533; entertainment center &#65533; by ousting a nice old guy from his variety store . Due to a bribe sting , some very stupid FBI agents instigate a shoot out in a crowed club , causing the death of untold innocent bystanders . I &#65533; ve learned one thing from all of this
 My freind was a fan of Carmine Giovinazzo , and although he 's good , the direction and storyline of this movie just seemed impossible to work with ... I understand that Eric Schwab is a begining director / writer , but gosh ... I mean , you 'd think other people would watch the dailys and recomend a few things ! Perhaps a plot would help ! I 'm just upset that my freind actually bought this DVD from Amazon ...
 Eric Schwab , the finest up and coming director in Hollywood , puts out an ok film on a relatively low budget . The actors are some of the newest in Hollywood -LRB- You can tell -RRB- . The film did n't get many viewers in theaters because it came out the week of 9/11 but the professional reviews at that time were mostly unfavorable . I can see why .
 I bought the film at a low price , seeing that it featured Monet Mazur , who I adored from another movie . Big mistake ; she is attractive but by no means capable of `` carrying '' a picture . The film is a confused mess , the type of film they often create in Europe when they have funding , a cast , a producer , but no plotline , theme , or plausible dialogue . I wish I could recommend a better form of this type of film -LRB- genre -RRB- , but I ca n't characterize it at all .
 There are a few good minutes to this film but you have to sit through about 100 bad minutes . The acting is amateurish and there was no clicking between the actors . You can tell Monet did the movie just to collect a paycheck and had no interest in playing the part or interacting with the other characters . There are also many inconsistencies in the movie as well . Some examples are
 Absolutely the worst , homemade , most God-awful movie you 'll ever waste time watching . It was in theatres for about 2 days , which was bout 47 hours and 45 minutes too long ... I 'm a big fan of independent films but this was worse than any homemade college movie I 've ever seen ! Save yourself !!!
 This movie is one of my favorites . That is why I was very disappointed with the DVD transfer . I wonder if any one else has noticed the distracting and discernible changes in the color in the scene where Maria first meets Captain Von Trapp , which detracted from my enjoyment of the movie . Was this present in the original film ? I expected better from a DVD which is THX certified .
 This review is for the latest 40th Anniversary 2DVD edition , released on 15 Nov. 2005 . While there are some improvements on the new DVD transfer , the film still does n't look as it was meant to bee seen . First of all , the definition is lacking and the color overall is very pale , subdued and faded looking as well as quite inconsistant especially in an interior scenes . This film was shot in a 70MM process called TODD-AO , a larger format than a standard 35MM , that yields a very high fidelity image and rich color on screen . None of those qualities are found on this new anniversary DVD edition . The good thing is , the film is presented in a proper widescreen aspect ratio . No pan-and-scan crap that cut off almost 2/3 of the image , especially in a long shots -LRB- there are lots in this film -RRB- like those found in early , old VHS video editions . So you can see the full widescreen composition of this beautifully shot film . The bad thing is , too many miss & match materials were used for this transfer . Why do n't 20th Century Fox Home Video uses the best source material for this anniversary transfer , I wonder . It seems they want to go for a cheap video production to gain as much profit as possible . The new Oklahoma ! 50th anniversary looks extremely bad . I wo n't buy classics DVDs from Fox again , unless I rent them first and judge it from there .
 I ordered this package since I am traveling to Salzburg this year and will see all of these sites . The extra features were intriguing to me.BEWARE - only a very few of them are on the DVD !!!!! Most , including commentaries , making of , real VonTrapp family are on the Blu-ray ONLY . I called SONY and they said `` sorry , read the box '' , which I did AFTER it arrived . When I called Amazon , they agreed that the product description did not convey the differences , but stated that I should have known by the number of Blu-rays and DVDs pictured that I would not get all of the special features on DVD.VERY DISAPPOINTED !
 This is one of my favorite movies , I love the plot , the music , and the beautiful places . However , if you want to watch in Spanish like do DO N'T BUY IT . I had the regular DVD for years and the Spanish version in that one is great , but in this blue ray the Spanish Audio is just awful . The audio does n't go with the lips of people talking , the songs are cut off in many parts , it is horrible . I do like however the commentaries and all the extra information about behind the scenes and the real Maria .
 DEFECTIVE . This Bluray does not work.My first complaint at amazon over the years.Even though defective , in order to get a replacement I must pay return shipping so it 's not worth it.Other bluray disks work fine on my player.The DVD version included with the set does work but is of no interest to me.A waste of money and more garbage for the local landfill.dc
 Amazon did not identify this company as European shipping out of the Netherlands . Nor did they identify this unplayable DVD as Region 2 . They asked me to mail it back to England at my expense to ruminate on whether Zoverstock would consider a refund . But then they already told me it was my fault for not discovering that it was region 2 and unplayable in America . Amazon said that I might be an American soldier stationed in England who actually wanted a DVD that would play there , in spite of my California address . Amazon also said that their policy was that the buyer , not them had to discover the true region of the DVD before the purchase , which is very difficult to do for a used DVD . I got ripped off . And since I replaced my VHS library with DVDs all at the same time , I got ripped off 2 more times buying region 2 DVDs whi8ch Amazon will not cover on their buyer satisfaction warranty . So Amazon also has a buyer beware policy . By the way , the Region listed above did not appear on the product description until after the transaction was completed . They do not list regions prior to purchase . So buying used DVDs is a game of &#34; Gothcha &#34; since they can say they told you after the fact when it is too late to get a refund or coverage under Amazon 's warranty . Talan
 My parents dragged me to this musical when I was 8 . Hated it . I saw the movie in first release , got bored and left an hour into it.With age one begins to appreciate the sweeter things about life , things that are decent and show people at their best and after watching bits and pieces of the movie on tv over the years and having always loved Julie Andrews , I decided during a real bad funk a few weeks ago , to buy the 40th Anniversary Edition . It was really like discovering it for the first time . Actually it turned into the first time I watched the film in its entirety . I love Rodgers & Hammerstein 's musicals -LRB- all of them really pathed the way for the `` serious '' American musical -RRB- and this one is really far more endearing in retrospect than I had remembered . For one thing the story , which really has little to do with the real story of the Von Trapp Singers , is very moving , uplifting and even spiritual . It really is a story about personal triumph , the importance of honor and brotherhood and courage and there 's certainly nothing wrong with the beautiful music.THE SOUND OF MUSIC has very little nostalgic ties for me so the Sing Along documentary was a hoot for me . I loved the reunion of the kids , most of them are my age today , and just adored Miss Andrews 's introductions . Ca n't believe she 's around 70 .
 when i was a child my mom forced me to watch this movie . I hated it then and i hate it now . the only thing that is watchable is the beautiful scenery , but i can catch that on the discovery channel . if the producers had required julie to sing with a sock in her mouth , or had the music of spinal tap inm the background , the movie would have been first rate entertainment . seeing this movie has drstically ; degressed the quality of my life
 The children and I were very excited to finally receive this in the mail . Unfortunately , upon opening the mail sleeve , we discovered that the Blu-ray packaging had been previously opened .1 -RRB- . This was a returned Blu-ray movie sold as new at full price.The kids did not care as they really wanted to see the movie . Then we discovered why it was returned :2 -RRB- . It will not play -LRB- even with updated firmware and another Blu-ray player -RRB- . Hopefully , when one orders new movies from Amazon , one will receive the new movies that were purchased in good faith - not previously purchased , malfunctioning ones.Shame on Amazon for selling previously owned movies that will not play - as ones that are new.Addendum
 I ordered a used CD of the Sound of Music . What I got was a copied disk that was unuseable . Notified the seller but got no response . Not too happy
 This is one of the all time favorites . I love this movie but anyone thinking of purchasing the DVD needs to be aware that this DVD plays in Widescreen format ONLY ! If your not familar with DVD aspect ratio that means that this movie plays in a window that runs across the middle of a standard TV screen . The top 1/3 and the bottom 1/3 of the TV screen is just black bars . On my 19 '' that means this movie plays in about a 10 '' high bar . I have to sit one foot from the TV to watch it . For me this totally destroys the viewing enjoyment of one of the best films ever made . Without a widescreen TV this DVD is just a. . . frizbee -LRB- OK it 's 2 frizbees -RRB- . Most manufactures double side the DVD 's so that standard format is on one side and widescreen format is on the other side but 20th Century Fox does not do this for some unknown reason . I recommend that until it is released in standard format just keep watching it on your VHS tape .
 This production does not do the least credit of the final masterpiece between the mostLegendary collaboration in theatre history . Rodgers and Hammerstein.When I was young and have n't even started showing particular interest in musicalTheatre and use to see this film . I always ended up saying the same phrase `` I do n't like The Sound of Music '' But my opinion changed drastically when I sawthe stage version.To begin with , why were How can Love survive ? and No Way to stop it swooped intoBoring long conversations . And why was that stanza which describes Maria ` s characterLeft out.My day in the hillsHas come to an end , I know.A star has come outTo tell me it 's time to go.But deep in the dark green shadows , There are voices that urge me to stay.So I pause and I wait and I listen , For one more sound , For one more lovely thingThat the hills might say!I 'd recommend the stage version , to appreciate this classical work , rather than thisFilm . Julie Andrews is a very good actress and a singer but Maria von Trapp was n't theRole for her . I think that with her rich English accent and sopranic voice would have made a perfect Baroness . At least I enjoyed the brilliant acting by all the actors . AllOf them fitted the role perfectly . If they worked on the original script by Howard LindsayAnd Russel Crouse . This movie would have been the most perfect film ever made in theHistory of cinema .
 The Sound of Music -LRB- film -RRB- is wonderful but I bought this version for the DVD -LRB- only -RRB- after enjoying so much , the `` 5-Star Collection '' edition that I bought my parents for their anniversary . -LRB- THAT version was a big HIT ! -RRB- I do n't have a Blu-ray player & I do n't care about getting one . Picture on my 46 '' Sony Bravia LCD is spectacular enough . This edition is advertised as a 45th Anniversary with several Special Features ! If you buy it for the DVD , you WO N'T BE ABLE TO WATCH * ANY * OF THEM !!!!!!! The LEAST they could do is include the same Special Features on the DVD , putting them on more than one DVD-disc , if necessary . There are only two measly `` Special '' Features on the DVD . They are SOOOOOOO UNBELIEVABLY LAME ! It practically adds insult to injury . One is a 3-min AD for the tour company in Salsburg that apparently still does Sound of Music tours . The other , the Sing-Along , is just stupid . The Karaoke-style lyrics display during the musical numbers but but cuts out the beautiful voice track . So you hear the instrumentals ONLY , without Julie Andrews beautiful voice & -LRB- Ohhhh Great -RRB- only your 80-yr old Aunt Bertha singing every number . If you only want the DVD , AVOID THIS EDITION & GET THE `` 5-STAR COLLECTION '' INSTEAD !!!
 I was able to find a copy of this `` new remastered '' version of SOUND OF MUSIC yesterday , along with OKLAHOMA . The latter is a downright disaster , while SOUND OF MUSIC , remarketed and milked for the umpteenth time is not a disaster , but a definite disappointment.High quality extras from the previous DVD were not carried over.The new extras are `` nice '' , but ultimately boringThe transfer itself seems somehow fuzzier and less sharp than my old disc . I returned the new disc to the store where I bought it as `` defective '' . It certainly is.AVOID THIS DISC and WAIT FOR A TRUE RESTORATION and REMASTERING !
 Do n't order this ! It does n't work . I ordered it for a birthday present . It did n't work . Lovely . Not only did I give a gift that does not work , I get to return it . Skip the grief .
 My sister loves this film and has been driving me nuts playing it over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over . You get the idea . Even worse , she puts on the karaoke mode and sings along to every song . If you are buying this DVD for somebody you live with , do n't . If you are buying it for the partner of your worst enemy , good choice .
 Sickeningly sweet , and relentlessly cheerful , the continuing endurance of this movie baffles me beyond belief . By now the story is well known -- young woman becomes governess to seven children in 1930 's Austria . Their father is a stern captain who has known no joy since his wife 's death . Said young woman spontaneously bursts into song , the children adore her , and the captain finds joy again until the Nazi 's put an end to their fun at which point they escape Austria . Even Maria Von Trapp , the woman on whose life this story was based , did not care for this film and it is amazing that it is not required to come with a saccharine warning label .
 I loved it when I was ten , but I think I 've out grown it
 I saw this film originally when I was a child , and it brought back many memories to see it again after all these years . What surprised me most was to discover how absolutely terrible this movie is.If you like the music I guess you can fast forward through the rest of it . . but why not just buy the soundtrack ? Why suffer through this abomination ? I can not really fault the actors , they do a reasonable enough job . I think they should be congratulated for keeping a straight face while participating in this bare-faced theatrical fraud.From my point of view a film should attempt to be a believable portrayal of reality , or if not , there should be some point made by its disconnection with reality , whether that point be satirical or strictly humorous . This film wallows in the most unbelievable sentimental drivel from first scene to last . There is n't a single moment in the entire movie where you are under the impression that you are doing anything other than watching actors deliver mind-numbingly stupid lines.Oddly enough I was actually looking forward to watching this movie , I had fond memories of it as a child . Maybe that 's all it ever was , propaganda for children . A ` how to behave ' movie for kids before they are smart enough to know better . If you have children you are trying to brainwash you might want to buy this , otherwise GET REAL !
 Is it possible to contract diabetes from watching a movie ? The Sound of Music comes pretty darn close ! Overly sentimental pablum with unremarkable songs . Too cutesy , too long , too boring .
 HORRIBLE MOVIE !!!!!!!!!!! I do n't see how this became a classic . Everyone must have been brainwashed from cildhood to like this . All the characters is constatly , artificially happy , they are shallow and it is sexist against woman . And I do n't understand why everyone loves Julie , she really is n't that special . All in all , I will never see it again . And I suggest you do n't either .
 Have you awakened in the abyss of a midnight 's cold-sweat , after an evening of viewing this thing , wondering why you were so manipulated by it?It was unearthed in 1965 from a hidden cache of Leni Riefenstahl 's archival films ca 1939 . You were never told this?It was SS propaganda . Its initial intent was to demonstrate the moral decadence of Europe in general and its aristocracy in particular . Watch it without a lollipop , and you 'll see it for what it is . It was meant to incite class warfare . Worse , it is blatantly pornographic and irreligious ... a Mother Superior admonishing an aspiring nun to ` climb every mountain ' , ` search high and low ' ? Or , the widowed sea captain singing ` Idle-vice , Idle-vice ... every morning you greet me ' . ` High -LRB- double entendre -RRB- on a hill was a lonely Goatherd ' , ` Lay ee Odl lay ee Odl lay hee hoo ' ... hips and hands jerking across the stage ? ` One little girl -LRB- an ingenue named Odl -RRB- in a pale pink coat heard ' `` lay ee Odl lay ee Odl lay hee oo ... '' , ` She yodeled back ' `` Lay ee Odl lay ee Odl-ooooo '' ... is interpretation or social context necessary?The goat , at first her eyes were flirtatious in their innocence . In skips the old roue , and they turn to sheer terror . `` My favorite things '' ... `` Warm woolen mittens '' ? Did the goats become too fleet of hoof ? Outrageous forcing little ones to perform this obscene play.Sociopathic and cross-species-geo-erotic ? Consider these themes : ` The Hills are Alive ' , ... ` Do , a Deer , a Female Deer ' ... ' I Am 16 , ... going on 17 ' . There was an edict in the land to `` Have a baby for Hitler '' , but seventeen?Sigmund was a consultant but mercifully never lived to see the final cut . Had he seen fair-haired children in lederhosen being summoned with dog whistles , it may have changed the arrow of psychotherapy.The message ? It is so obvious ; these swinehunds are singing , dancing , partying , lusting and romancing whilst the winds of war are lashing the planet . But , for these oblivious numb-skulls , the bellicose air-currents are simply billowing clouds and skirts.They -LRB- we -RRB- , The Enemy , are mindless fools . Cattle . They actually believe one can solve or escape the world 's ills with a song and dance.This was widely screened across the Vaterland in ' 39 , but it was pulled . Rather than inflaming socialist passions , it was putting audiences to sleep . It was a disaster . Students , so exposed , were failing classes . Or worse , some were caught , the next day , humming mindless tunes and trying to seduce their classmates . The teen-pregnancy rate soared , amidst promises of Rolf 's `` I 'll take care of you '' mantra . Marriages were destroyed as frustrated hausfraus , realizing they were not married to C Plummer , joined the nearest nunnery . Husbands were fantasizing about nuns in dark corners . Sweet little girls in pale pink coats could not walk the hills alone . Goatherds were conscripted into the German High Command . The goats went feral , their numbers exploded without the seminal competition from their overlords , resulting in the denudation of the slopes ... it was an ecological catastrophe . Gestapo/SS brass were ` toasted ' for their failure of proper oversight . A rent in the very fabric of Teutonic society was imminent.The film 's final scenes were never seen by American audiences . All of the Nazi/Brownshirt ` incompetence ' was , in fact , a clever ruse to capture the entire family alone in the woods . The lonely goatherds had their way with the little girls . Need I say it was not a happy ending.Here , in America , 26 years later , it was hailed as a masterpiece with endless kudos and awards . Did we really win the war ?
 i have 3 sound of music dvds and i purchased a new blue ray dvd i think they did a terrible job not much different than the old ones the only difference is the faces are sharper but the scenery and the beautiful mountains and back ground is no different than a vhs or the old dvd its sad such a great movie and they could t do any better
 This movie is really borring . Do n't get me wrong I like Juile Andrews , but I find her more attractive now . I could watch Princess Diaries over and over and never get bored with her . But in this movie she looked more like Sandy Dunncen , the women from Hogen Family . She was the woman that replaced Valerie Harper after there was a problem with production . I did like Valerie better then Sandy , but I find Sandy more attactive then Valerie , but I like Julie Andrews more then both of them , but I especially like the modern Julie Andrews more now then in this movie . The only person that did a good job was James Cann . He was able to provide substance to an otherwise slow moving movie . You might remember James Cann from Roolerball and the comedy Godfather . He was good as the comic relief in that movie . I hope that he can put this movie behind him and get to more productive movies like his part in Back to the Future or Alien Nation .
 This movie should be called the Sound of Mucus . The only redeeming quality is that the family has to run from nazis .
 I was mad when I found out it was only a Region 2 movie only . . so i ca n't play it on any dvd player !
 The review is for this Blu-ray Limited Edition version . The movie is a definite 5-star film.We own this on VHS and DVD already , but wanted to see if there was any improvement over the 40th anniversary DVD transfer . Unfortunately , it wo n't play in our Blu-ray player . I have the latest firmware and added the necessary additional memory this disc seems to require , but it never gets past the Fox animated loading logo . After waiting 15 minutes , I gave up . The special features Blu-ray disc plays fine as does the DVD , but something must be strange with the Blu-ray movie disc . I had this issue only one other time when my firmware needed upgrading , but every disc since has played until now.In addition , it was delivered without any additional packaging -- no outer carton , bubble-wrap or anything . Just a shipping label stuck to the shrink-wrap ! When I checked out the contents , I found that the music box was damaged , but otherwise , still worked ... sort of . The tune sounds a little fast and off-key . Nonetheless , since the Blu-ray does n't seem to work , I 'm considering sending it back .
 I was so excited to get the 5 star collection of `` The Sound of Music '' . When I did , I popped it in expecting that warm feeling but instead I found it cold and vaguely creepy . In the opening scenes , showing the Austrian hills , the scenes look so fake and cartoonish ... like a video game . These scenes were actually filmed on location to get the true feeling of being there . Now , they look computer generated -- in fact , I can tell some differences that have been thrown in to make everything look even more glistening . It is n't higher resolution , it 's fake stuff . The warm feeling of film is gone and is replaced with harsh sound and even the faces of the characters look plastic , like robots . This is a movie best seen on VHS in Widescreen format . If they digitalized it anymore , it would look like `` The Matrix '' ... it almost does . I love the DVD format for most movies but this one overdoes it bigtime . It looks like a cartoon or video game .
 Though the DVD has some really nice extras -LRB- interviews , etc. -RRB- , the restoration leaves a lot to be desired . Much clarity is lost from the original . Almost blurry , like multiple images that do n't properly align -LRB- the actors all have `` zombie eyes '' -RRB- . Not really watchable . Now shopping for the unrestored version .
 The item was received on time , however , the item did not work on our equipment . Apparently , it only works in certain countries and apparently the seller did state this on his page , but I did not see it . Therefore , we have a DVD we can not play .
 Robert Wise 's `` Sound of Music '' was one of the biggest successes among the movies that are musicals . It has a decent cast , positive outlook and an appealing story that is black and white . Julie Andrews plays the part of a nun who becomes the governess for the children of a captain in Salzburg and is very good in her role . The movie was filmed in Salzburg and has beautiful photography . The screenplay was by Ernest Lehmann and traces their escape from the Nazis . The movie has a lot of beautiful songs . There is some decent acting by people who play the part of Max Dettweiler and the Eleanor Parker , who plays the Baroness . A lot of the story is predictable though and too simple . The interaction between Julie Andrews and the children can be boring after a point , the dialogs especially.Kurt
 With its having been well over thirty years since I saw this film , a recent , second viewing let me see just how dreadful it was . Fortunately , there is no diabetes in my family , or the very viewing would have sent me into insulin shock.I well remember the era when this was produced , when much excellent music , drama , and comedy was available without their being scenes to offend anyone . I imagine Sound of Music will be popular today because , in a quite different climate , it is `` for the whole family . '' I shall pause here for a long sigh , adding that , if one of any age is looking for any sort of plot , theme , realism , dramatic action , or characterisation , the well here is dry . All that rescues this farce -LRB- besides Eleanor Parker 's lines , in which I heartily concur -RRB- is Julie Andrews ' glorious voice and the stunning scenery of Salzburg.One progresses from the company of nuns who are cartoon characters , to the spunky governess who transforms kids and captain just with a few cheery songs , to a picturesque escape over a non-existent mountain . During the tense , climactic scene when the Von Trapps are hiding from the Nazis , little Gretl -LRB- in an unintentionally funny line -RRB- captures the story 's theme , as she asks Maria , `` Do you think it would help if we sang ` Our Favourite Things ? ' '' One nearly expects Maria to say that it would !
 ... and I could have gone the rest of my life without having seen it . It was cheesy , slow in spots , and way too much singing . It was hard to see what the whole point of it was . I did like the nuns , though . They were great . I really did n't care anything about the characters and the movie was off the scale in terms of realism . I know this is based on a true story , but the whole singing just ruined any shred of hope and realism for this movie . I must have made my wife mad to have her torture me with this !
 The Wide Screen format ruins the movie - makes it hard to see unless you have a HUGE television . For the price of the DVD , it should allow you the option of full screen if you prefer that over the wide screen format . I started watching it , and gave up . Rather see the VHS version without having to use binnoculars .
 STOP this 7.1 crap it is awful quality no one needs it and no one can use it .5.1 works for both stereo and multi users .
 The limited edition 45th anniversary collector 's set purchased is disappointing . Stopped after viewing the blu ray for the first 10 minutes . Regret to have purchased this collection 's set.The blu ray is less than high resolution . Most of the screens of landscape show many flickering points which are rare in blu ray . Horizontal lines all over the screen are obvious which are common only on VCDs and not normally found on DVDs , and the first time seen in blu ray.The music CD is contained in a plain paper CD holder without the track listing anywhere.The music box sounds less than 8 seconds even with a full wind and can hardly be heard if the cover was not removed .
 Absolutely horrendous quality of a purchased movie ever . Froze at least 8 times , then stopping , and we had to re-start it numerous times . It broke up the entire flow of the story . I do n't know if I 'll ever use the service again !
 The DVD would not play in my new Blue Ray Player.It said I need an upgrade on my player to play it!What?I tryed to go on line to find out what I needed to do . But what they told me to do , , , I tried , and it would not work!What have they done to the DVD to make people like me not be able to just put the DVD into the player and play.That 's a lot of money down the drain for me !!!! Very unpleased !
 This movie was made in the sixties , we live in the 21st century , GET OVER IT !
 When I see garbage like this , I finally understand what is wrong with the world . I watched this movie on a dare and was absolutely mortified !!!!! I would have given it negative stars if I could have . As an animal lover and vegetarian , I was especially offended !!! Anyone who is a fan of this series should run , not walk to the nearest Psychiatrist . You are in desperate need of having your head examined . And we as a society wonder why violence and seriel killers have become a part of daily life . Well , ladies and gentlemen I present to you Exhibit A. ...
 This is very confusing . Is this a Blu-Ray offering , DVD , or both?It seems to be both because there 's a slash / between the two formats , but much of the verbiage is about Blu-Ray . I do n't give a fig about BR . It will be a distant memory in a few years . Can I play this on my generic DVD player ?
 After a long wait for the greatest movie of all time to appear on DVD , I was disappointed to see that the sound is out of sync with the picture . You 'd think THX certification would mean something .
 This DVD requires access to the internet if you are attempting to view the movie on a computer with a DVD-Rom drive . Presumably this is to download something from the internet to make the experience `` more enjoyable '' ?!? I have attempted to contact Fox about this problem and was told it is n't a problem to them . Consider yourselfwarned .
 One Star Release for a FIVE star movie . Not all Blu-Ray is the same . This disk will not play the movie in my Blu-Ray player . The menus work but the movie just locks up . I have to unplug the player to get it to reset . I bought this and have to watch the DVD version . I watch other Blu-Ray movies on the same player , but not this one . Looks like I have to stop buying Blu-Ray movies until the Blu-Ray specification stops changing then buy a new player . Very Disappointed !
 I was waiting for years the Blu-ray release . Of course I preordered this item.But what a disappointment ! Sometimes picture is grainy , sometimes picture is out of focus , sometimes picture is not sharp . Ladies and Gentlemen this movie was made in the 60 's not in the 20 's . This movie deserves the better transfer possible in these days . The sound is pretty good , but I would like -LRB- and I hope I not alone -RRB- much much better instead DTS MA two channels stereo LPCM 192Khz/24bits to enjoy the full splendor of the music.I already have 2 DVD releases and this Blu-ray release . For whom may concern I wo n't buy more .
 High production values , as always , but otherwise very lukewarm . The twins are attractive , but the best thing about them is their centrefold shot . There is no spark here , and no erotic tension that is really required for the twin and sister thing to work . Do n't even mention this vid in the same breath as Playboy 's Twins & Sisters Too from 1996 . Umph !
 While this film looks and sounds very much like a documentary on Submarines , its merely a mediocre drama that deals with terrorists and a hijacked Russian nuclear Sub !! If this sounds like your bag then this film could be for you . I thought it to be an interesting Documentary but found I was wrong . It was just packaged to appear that way .
 Basic plot is a US sub is on its way back to base where the captain is to face a court martial for hitting a Russian sub . They are suddenly being pursued by another Russian sub that 's been taken over by terrorists . The U.S. crew now has to save the world.Within the first 20 minutes I am rolling my eyes so much they hurt . Here are just some of the outrageous scenes.First off a captain facing court martial is relieved of duty , yet this captain is still in command.JAG officer on board - Lieutenant Heather Mitchell - She has long hair cascading down her back which no naval female would have . Her uniform is 2 sizes to big and looks like she got dressed in her hamper . She has on a pair of pearl dangling earrings like she was going to some party . which are clearly against Navy regs.Captain - Instills no discipline . He is given ultimatums by `` Lieutenant '' Heather Mitchell , in front of his XO and crew members . His own XO argues about his orders in front of the crew . At one point the captain orders the boat to dive , Lt. JAG storms in demanding why she was not consulted prior to the dive.During dinner , a LTJG calls a LCDR a dumb a $ $ to his face in front of the Captain . Neither the Captain nor the LCDR does anything . But what can you expect from a captain who sits in his cabin drinking a snifter filled with brandy mixed with scotch while on duty . No captain of a US Navy vessel would tolerate anything near this level of insolence . If this was a comedy , I could let it slide , but this movie is billed as action.The movie is a sad joke . They could not even get the passing of orders right . The captain orders 20 degrees down on the planes . In the very next scene , the officer tells the crew member `` 5 degrees on the planes '' . In another scene one of the crew is calling off depths as the boat is going down and he says passing 1600 while in the camera shot the depth gauge shows 1026 . If you want to see a good submarine thriller , get Hunt for Red October or Crimson Tide .
 The VHS recieved was a pirated copy ! Black and White case covers , nothing like the photo . The tape was n't even rewound when I received it . Basically I received an illeagle copy of this product .
 I grabbed this movie while I was deployed in Iraq from a vendor on the street , and once I finished watching it , I had to check online to make sure it was actually made in the US . This was by far and away to most HORRIBLE sub movie I have ever seen -- and I have seen most of them . The acting was completely flat , the plot was non-existant , and whoever they hired as a technical advisor should be shot . The uniforms were either wrong or poorly cared for , the verbiage and pronounciation of sub jargon and medical terms was off , and the appearance of the crew was nothing like what you would find in the real world -- a sumbariner with a BEARD ? -- Ummm -- NO!If you enjoy sub movies , this is one to stay far away from ----- very far away .
 Story was interesting , BUT ... lame acting and I hate movies dealing with the military that show military members with hair longer than the military would allow and uniforms looking like they were slept in/worn for a few months , not to mention portray lame military bearing and custom/courtesy . Course having spent twenty years in the military this is a sore subject for me with many military films .
 This movie is trash ... it is an insult to the Submarine Service with so many errors it would be hard to count them all . They obviously forgot to get a technical consultant ... pure rubbish , do n't spend a dime on this one .
 The guy playing Sinatra ca n't sing a lick and has a hillbilly haircut . The guy playing JFK does n't have a trace of a Boston accent . And there is n't anyone in this poorly writen , badly directed movie that can act .
 This disc presents some 40 or so minutes worth of music by synthesiser specialists , Tangerine Dream , accompanied by spectacular time-lapse and close-up images captured in the canyon lands of the American Southwest . And while that may sound odd put that way round , it is abundantly clear that the music is intended to be the main feature here , with the images adding another dimension to Tangerine Dream 's haunting music . And , yes , if you think you 've seen and heard it all before with `` Canyon Dreams '' , you 're quite right ! This is very much a rehash of that film . It is slightly longer -LRB- not much -RRB- and with better , more polished images and stronger music . So it should be better , right ? Ah , well ... The images presented are certainly all very beautiful-although some of the repeated camera tricks become a little tiresome on occasion-and the music is an absolute delight -LRB- I 've reviewed that separately in the CD section of Amazon -RRB- . The trouble is , I 'm not entirely sure that the two actually work well together . I found that I would be concentrating on either one or the other , but never both together . I also never gained any sense of the two being actually connected in any sense.I suspect that there are two reasons for this . The first is the complete absence of any sounds other than the music . Although wind and water sounds , bird song , etc , feature in each chapter 's title screens , none of this carries through into the tracks themselves . This results in a completely artificial view of things , with the complete loss of the natural aural environment-highlighted , of course , by its presence during the title screens . This loss is sometimes very annoying , particularly during scenes which would carry a lot of natural sound-like the views of rushing water , for instance , or close-ups of the wind rattling Aspen leaves-leaving me at times with the feeling that I 'd been struck deaf ! This problem is then compounded by the lack of any cueing of visual events to events within the music , further emphasising the lack of connection between the two . For these reasons , the parts of this production that work best are those in which the images are sufficiently abstract for the brain to accept the music as the natural accompaniment to the images . The ` Reflections ' chapter is the best example of this , with colourful close-ups of water surfaces , or a time-lapsed retreat of the tide from a beach creating fascinating and oft-times hypnotic images which Tangerine Dream 's music complements to perfection . Such moments are in the minority , however , and for most of the disc , images and music actually seem to be in conflict , with each fighting the other for the viewer 's attention . Altogether a great shame!The disc 's uncompressed PCM audio soundtrack ensures that the reproduction quality of the music is exemplary . Sadly , the image quality is not of a similar high standard . Although generally good , resolution is not always as high as one would expect of DVD . Pity too that it is n't in widescreen format-a treatment that the canyons surely scream out for?If you 're a fan of Tangerine Dream , you 'll undoubtedly want this disc . Lovers of natural beauty will like the cinematography , but might just find the soundtrack a little annoying . Of course , if you 're the sort of person who tours the Grand Canyon with your Walkman in your ears , and turned up full , this is just for you ! -LRB- Let me know when you 'll be there and I 'll keep away ! -RRB- -LRB- Incidentally , this disc has no region encoding on it and will play on any DVD player . -RRB-
 I am and have been a TD fan since the Rubycon days . I had owned the Tangerine Dream CD `` Oasis '' for quite some time before purchasing the video . There is nothing technically wrong with the video , but I believe that the music stands on it 's own without the visuals . In my opinion , the video does not compliment the music . I still listen to the CD on a regular basis , but have n't been inclined to watch the video anymore .
 Hi , I had to watch the movie in school -LRB- 8th grade -RRB- and we read the book too . It just wasnt the same as the novel -LRB- thenovel was way better -RRB- ! Take my advice and dont waste your money on the movie . If you are interested in this point of history and stuff , spend your money on the book!The movie doesnt even have any details and left out so many of the main charaters that were in the book . It was like watching a movie that wasnt even complete . Hope i helped !
 The book was alot better than the movie . Disney changed to many key details which gave the book more adventure . They also added some unneeded pasts in the video . The book was historical fiction and I give it 5 stars .
 I saw this movie when it first came out . I was fourteen years old and I thought Hal Stalmaster was really cool . I got to thinking about the movie again recently after watching the series `` John Adams '' on television , so I ordered it . Now , fifty years later , I see it as sort of a kids ' movie that does n't have a lot of depth . I 'm glad I saw it again , but I can understand why Hal Stalmaster decided to give up acting . However , I would love to know what happened to him . I 've googled him every which way and he seems to have vanished off the face of the earth .
 The book was alot better than the movie . Disney changed to many key details which gave the book more adventure . They also added some unneeded pasts in the video . The book was historical fiction and I give it 5 stars .
 As a Disney movie of the 1950 's , Johnny Tremain is alright , that is if you do n't mind the incredible number of mistakes and errors litter throughout the film . Based on an exceptional book by Esther Forbes , the Disney film essentially rewrites key elements in the book , makes pointless changes in the plot development , cuts out the more interesting supporting characters and leaves you with a santitized verison of the months leading up to the Revolutionary War . My advice , read the book and gain an authentic view of the courageous men and women who risked all they had to bring about America 's independence from Great Britain . The film is best considered as a piece of Disney nostalgia .
 My daughters and I looked forward to watching the movie after reading the novel but we very disappointed . WHile reading the book , we had great conversations on the committment to change and the beginnings of revolution which were so profoundly expressed in the novel . The movie seemed to trivialize and negate the emotions involved in both the Boston Tea Party and the beginning of the Revolutionary War . Many of the great characters of the book were completely left out or not touched on , as in the case of Rab.On a good note , though , it was a good Disney movie with no foul language and a good happy ending . We would have enjoyed it far more had we not read the book first .
 Not much action in this film until the very end . My 6 year old could n't understand the sophisticated dialogue . However this film may be interesting to a child -LRB- 9 yr old -RRB- who has studied the American Revolutionary War . Some history is changed .
 I just ca n't figure out why the folks at Disney have always and continue to deem themselves entitled to change what ai n't broke . They have done the same thing to Alice in Wonderland , Peter and the Wolf and -LRB- gag -RRB- Narnia , and countless other beloved stories . They take a classic that is very well known , cherished by millions , deem it imperfect somehow and then presume to &#34; improve &#34; it ! Here is yet another Disney &#34; improvement &#34; that is n't . This is a different and not better story , darn it ! Could have been great but instead destroyed ! I am heartbroken !
 Esther Forbes ' `` Johnny Tremain '' is one of the greatest books ever written for young readers . The story is about a young silversmith apprentice who is finds himself swept up in the events of the American Revolution . Johnny participates in the Boston Tea Party , spies on the British , and mingles with such patriots as Sam Adams , John Hancock , and Paul Revere.Like most movie versions of famous books , Walt Disney 's `` Johnny Tremain '' takes many liberties with the story . In the book Johnny takes no part in the fighting at Lexington or Concord ; in the movie Johnny is in the thick of the action . This would be forgivable had the film version been faithful to the message of Forbes ' book which is the ideal of the American Revolution - `` that a man can stand up '' - came with the sacrifice of blood and young lives . It is here that the movie completly misses the mark . The book shows that war could extinguish the young lives of the best and brightest ; the movie , on the other hand , shows war as a boy 's adventure - clever boys hide behind trees , shoot at redcoats , and have a great time at it . No major character is harmed , and everyone goes around singing ! In order to have the Disney signature of a happy ending , the film lost the message of the book and thus failed to capture the essence of one of the great children 's books . A real shame !
 This is an awful ... simply awful ... film adaptation of a great novel . Johnny Tremain has the reputation for being a `` children 's story '' , but as the book 's original subtitle states , it is `` a novel for young and old . '' It is an intelligent novel for intelligent people of all ages . But , typically , Disney , the great mythic purveyor of `` family entertainment '' , got its filthy mouse mits on the book and dumbed it down ... way down ... to the point where there is hardly any resemblence with the book . If you loved the book avoid this movie at all costs .
 The book was alot better than the book . Disney changed to many key details which gave the book more adventure . They also added some unneeded pasts in the video . The book was historical fiction and I give it 5 stars .
 It was pittuful nothing like the book
 I had to read this book for History and I figured it was going to be a pretty dumb and boring book . Well , guess what ? I was right ! I really did not like this book . It was boring . Some parts of it were o.k. , but it seemed like it went on and on and on with no point really . And it may have been a little bit exciting if it were a true story , but i mean i know all this stuff really happened but not to someone really named Johnny Tremain . Anyways , I really did not like this book .
 R u guyz Krazy ? How can u like this BORING movie ?! we had to watch this at school in 8th grade , which was totally pointless , it 's really boring !
 the movie stunk . First of all the movie had all the details mixed up and how could u not have the Famous John hancock or laviinia Lye as a character.In stead of Dove there id some guy named caleb . talk ABout disney making movies they cant meake anything true . i REGRET I BOUGHT IT . 50 % OF THE MOVIE WAS ALL mixed up stuff , totaly differnt from the book and the other 30 % was bad quality effects even for an old video released .
 I planned to watch it a second time & it would notLoad properly . I tried several times and continued to have server issues .
 As a former teacher and a library specialist who works withchildren , I am frequently asked if it is OK to watch the movie `` Johnny Tremain '' instead of reading the book . My answer is a resounding NO ! Unfortunatly by changing the ending of the film to a happy one , Disney totally destroys the overiding theme of the novel . Not killing off the character of `` Rab '' at the end of the movie makes the `` James Otis '' speech about why the revolution has to be fought become nothing more than the ranting of a lunatic member of the Boston Observers . -LRB- which many of them felt Otis was until the revolution actually started . The acting over all is good in the film , but recommending it to a student in lieu of reading the book is just not right . I did like Walter Sande 's Paul Revere and Jeff York 's James Otis as well as Sebastian Cabot 's merchant Lyte . I dont think that Hal Stalmaster conveyed much of Johnny 's early arrogance though . I would really like to see someone like History Channel or A & E remake this film and really do it justice ! Thanks
 Absolutely the worst , homemade , most God-awful movie you 'll ever waste time watching . It was in theatres for about 2 days , which was bout 47 hours and 45 minutes too long ... I 'm a big fan of independent films but this was worse than any homemade college movie I 've ever seen ! Save yourself !!!
 I 'm not sure why I decided to buy this flick - probably the low price and the positive reviews.It turned out to be a mistake.This movie is awful . Although I like `` B '' movies and direct-to-video titles that are fun to watch , either because of a good storyline or great actors , this movie has none of those things . The story is weak , the acting is uninspired , and the direction is atrocious.Those reviews saying this movie is awesome have to be shills - no way . AVOID .
 Stupid criminals hook up with stupid record exec who thinks he can use them to further his evil plans to create a mall &#65533; er &#65533; entertainment center &#65533; by ousting a nice old guy from his variety store . Due to a bribe sting , some very stupid FBI agents instigate a shoot out in a crowed club , causing the death of untold innocent bystanders . I &#65533; ve learned one thing from all of this
 My freind was a fan of Carmine Giovinazzo , and although he 's good , the direction and storyline of this movie just seemed impossible to work with ... I understand that Eric Schwab is a begining director / writer , but gosh ... I mean , you 'd think other people would watch the dailys and recomend a few things ! Perhaps a plot would help ! I 'm just upset that my freind actually bought this DVD from Amazon ...
 Eric Schwab , the finest up and coming director in Hollywood , puts out an ok film on a relatively low budget . The actors are some of the newest in Hollywood -LRB- You can tell -RRB- . The film did n't get many viewers in theaters because it came out the week of 9/11 but the professional reviews at that time were mostly unfavorable . I can see why .
 I bought the film at a low price , seeing that it featured Monet Mazur , who I adored from another movie . Big mistake ; she is attractive but by no means capable of `` carrying '' a picture . The film is a confused mess , the type of film they often create in Europe when they have funding , a cast , a producer , but no plotline , theme , or plausible dialogue . I wish I could recommend a better form of this type of film -LRB- genre -RRB- , but I ca n't characterize it at all .
 There are a few good minutes to this film but you have to sit through about 100 bad minutes . The acting is amateurish and there was no clicking between the actors . You can tell Monet did the movie just to collect a paycheck and had no interest in playing the part or interacting with the other characters . There are also many inconsistencies in the movie as well . Some examples are
 Charlie Sheen produced this home movie starring his father -LRB- Martin Sheen -RRB- , his uncle -LRB- Joe Estevez -RRB- and himself . This is a B-minus film about dirty cops involved in a drug deal . Almost everything about this film is second rate . The story is predictable and unoriginal . The dialogue is mindless and insipid . The photography is dull and the music is awful . The only redeeming elements are the stunts and pyrotechnics , which are reasonably well done.The acting is mediocre at best . Charlie Sheen is often embarrassingly bad , leaving his dad to carry the film . Uncle Joe is just a throw in to keep the family employed and adds nothing to the film . The three drug goons are wretched.Charlie Sheen 's once bright career continues to grind gears with this clunker . I rated it a 4/10 . Action lovers might enjoy it , but others will want to pass .
 Bret Michaels , the legendary lead singer of that 80 's band Poison , wrote , produced with Charlie Sheen -LRB- Being John Malkovich , The Chase -RRB- and directed and also starred in this dreadful action concoction about corruption and drugs and Mexico . You know a movie is bad when you got a horrible essemble cast and Bret Michaels ... killing yourself off in the first 6 minutes wasnt that shocking . Charlie Sheen is the son of Martin Sheen -LRB- Catch Me If You Can , Apocalyose Now -RRB- in this movie ... wow !!!!!! That 's awesome , I could swear they look alike and damn , was that Emilio Estevez 's father Joe in there as well ... man does Joe look like Martin . . could they be brothers ? Michaels failed on a major level ... maybe he was setting out to do so . . I dont know . . I dont have all the answers . Also starring Mark Dacascos -LRB- Brotherhood Of The Wolf , The Crow
 Bret Michaels , the alleged director , is the former lead singer of Poison . Need I say more ?
 `` Slime City '' is best described as a student film . The effects , camera work , acting and overall production are on par with what one would expect from a bunch of film students tasked with making a feature film . There are a lot of missed opportunities that would have made this film much better . For one , the film is played seriously , where comedy in the vein of `` Re-Animator '' would have been a better idea . The story is similar to many other `` strange goings on for a new tenant in an apartment complex '' type films . The new tenant is surrounded by oddball neighbors and soon becomes engulfed in a bizarre plot to allow the rebirth of some long dead occultist . The main selling point of the film is its gross-out effects as characters are consumed by a slimey substance that causes them to kill to retain their human form . The effects would have worked better if this film had played as a comedy as they are too over the top to be realistic . The DVD is well done with an additional feature by the same director as well as commentary and four trailers . There is also a making of segment . The effort in making this film is commendable but the film itself just isnt very good . The print used also has some damage and scratches , etc. throughout . I guess if you are into low budget films like `` The Corpse Grinders '' and `` Blood Feast '' , you might like this .
 Slime City -LRB- Greg Lamberson , 1988 -RRB- If you 're a fan of cult horror films , you 've probably heard of Street Trash , an infamous 1987 splatter comedy by Mike Muro . The year after , sleaze merchant Greg Lamberson made his debut with Slime City , a picture that rips off Street Trash in every conceivable way save the plot . Which , if you think about it , is kind of impressive ; you take everything else from a movie and attach a completely different plot to it ? I like that . Not enough to change my original rating , because it 's still a low-budget piece of tripe with no worthwhile actors , fumble-fingered direction , and the most godawful soundtrack this side of Ravenous , but you 've got to admire the guy 's gall.Plot
 I bought this from Gayle and Zak from Plano , Texas and it came in broken . And amazon does not reburse any open VHS items . How else can you tell that the tape is not broken by not opening it .
 DVD treats subject rather superficially and not to the depth I was expecting . There are better Lowrance DVDs on the market than this particular brand .
 This gives limited , confusing information and is not worth the money . I wish Lowrance had better instruction available . Do n't waste your money .
 Amazon tracking said shipped but I never received this item . When I placed the oreder originaly , it was back ordered . I had been waiting months for this .
 I have to agree with many of the reviewers , this film really suffered from the dubbing . It just sounded too weird . Not having multiple soundtracks is pretty unacceptable for a DVD , especially when it is so obviously not originally made in English . The action is naturally great and comedy abounds , but is not enough to justify purchasing this disc .
 English dubbing is good with 5.1 Dolby . Sound effects editting is mediocre . Why ca n't they just leave the original sounds alone ? I am huge fan of Jet and occasionally enjoy English dubbing on any martial arts movie . But this DVD version is a total turnoff ! I highly recommend seeing the original version which is titled Fong Sai Yuk . You will not be disappointed !
 This movie is awesome.Now that i 've gotten that out of the way , the reason for such a low rating -LRB- if only there were negative stars -RRB- is the ... quality of the DVD release . Dimension Home Video , even after paying the license for this movie , senselessly does n't include the original soundtracks -LRB- cantonnese or mandarin -RRB- , opting for a POS english dub whose translation sounds more like something from an afternoon cartoon than a very very good movie . Although the video quality is fine , it completely baffles me why they did n't include the original languages.PS . I could swear some scenes are missing from the original version .
 The quality of the picture is great , but the quality of the translation from the original is terrible -LRB- this is in addition to the awful new soundtrack -RRB- .
 I just watched -LRB- actually by fast forwarding -RRB- `` The Legend 2 '' and another Jet Li starrer called `` Red Dragon '' -LRB- not to be confused with the Hannibal/Anthony Hopkins movie of the same name -RRB- and I implore you to not waste a second of your precious time or a dime of your money on this so called martial arts crap , chinese style . First and foremost dubbing of any of these movies takes out the authentic flavor out of the original making the comedy , villiany , romance and any other kind of human emotion sound , look and feel pathetically lame . That 's the big and only difference between these ` B'grade action movies from Honkong and a slicker production like `` Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon '' -LRB- slicker only , read my review of CTHD for details on that fiasco -RRB- . This is no serious martial art and the comedy like those innumerable chinese martial art movies , SUCKS . I can only give some credit for the flexible acrobatics . If you wish to watch sensible Jet Li action check out his Holywood movies .
 This is a great movie starring Jet Li -LRB- or Li Lian-Jie in his native Mandarin -RRB- and Josephine Siao -LRB- Siao Fong-Fong -RRB- but this ... version of the movie has been poorly dubbed losing some great acting and comedy and some actual fighting has even been cut from it . Why I have no idea . Please do yourself a favor and seek out the original version called `` Fong Sai Yuk '' . Even if you do not understand Chinese you will understand the story well enough from the subtitles and you will enjoy it much better . Trust me on this . Do not encourage -LSB- the film industry -RSB- in their butchering of quality movies . The original version of this movie is a wonderful mix of action and comedy which I would rate 5 stars ...
 If you want UNCUT ORIGINAL version , ALWAYS look for ORIGINAL LICENSED Production . NOT US Release . Its a foreign film , it should not be US version to begin with ~ ! HELLO !!!?? Why settle for LESS with US Version where they edit and cut so many excellent scenes especially with Jackie 's Fighting Scenes . And US Release ruins the speed and sound as well . I have been collecting JET Li movies both HK and US Release Version for quite some time now . I found HK Version to be MUCH MORE in enjoyable , and HIGHER in Quality . American Market always like to `` Americanize '' and `` Control '' . Regional Code Regulation thing is one of the example to CONTROL the Market . Why not let everyone enjoy the same HK Original Release move the same way REST OF THE WORLD enjoys it ?? No one makes Hollywood American movies to `` French version '' or `` Chinese Version '' ~ ! This what Americans are doing ~ ! Well , enjoy the cheap `` American version '' then ~ ! LOL
 The legend -LRB- 1 & 2 -RRB- , originally `` Fong Sai Yuk -LRB- 1 & 2 -RRB- '' is/are maybe some of Jet Li 's and China 's best contributions to Kung-fu films -LRB- making , the `` Once ... in China '' films look like tea-time -RRB- BUT , these versions are DUBBED , in English and unless you like your movies -- set nearly 100 years ago -- making random refrences to Nintendo , fast food , or COMPLETELY changing the entire story-line , get ... FONG SAI YUK ... If you want a movie , dubbed inconsistently -LRB- or wasted with american fodder -RRB- , your better of getting KUNG-POW , enter the turkey , or Scarface -LRB- dubbed with new voices , for a kids network , with the scenes reordered , and the ending cut -RRB-
 I love the movie Fong Sai Yuk -LRB- subtitled version -RRB- ! I bought The Legend -LRB- dubbed version -RRB- , so that I can enjoy the movie without being busy reading all the subtitles . That was a BIG mistake.In The Legend , they had cut out some scenes and changed the dialogue . With those changes , the mood of the film has changed and you do n't see the development of each character . That 's why the story does n't quite make sense or seem to flow entirely together . The Chinese culture and their beliefs -LRB- buddhism -RRB- is `` taken out . '' The movie is actually more hilarious in Fong Sai Yuk.Don ' t be left in the dark . A little reading in Fong Sai Yuk wo n't hurt . You 'll enjoy this comedy , action film . I give Fong Sai Yuk 5 stars . As for The Legend ... = -LRB-
 I recently saw a Hong Kong import of this film , titled The Legend of Fung Sai Yuk . The only audio tracks available were Canton or Mandarin Chinese , with English sub-titles available . It was easily one of the best Hong kong films I have ever seen . So when the American release version became available , with Li at the helm of the remastering , I was ecstatic ! I immediately purchased the DVD and ran home to watch it.My God , was I dissappointed . The English dub , while being okay , was * completely * different from the original ; scenes cropped or deleted altogether , and the story was not only much different than the original , was nearly incoherent ! I sold this version as fast as I could , and located an original version.Before purchasing , make sure you get the * original * , Chinese-only version !
 Maybe i 'm missing something but just like Tai Chi Master there really is no discernible improvement in the picture quality from the blu-ray compared to the dvd . This is honestly a waste of money if you already own the dvd ; the up convert of the dvd looks as good as the blu-ray . I see a possible trend with Dragon Dynasty similar to what happened with the advent of dvd 's
 ... ruined by bad dubbing . Unfortunately there is there is nothing in the Amazon listing or even on the DVD case indicating that this is dubbed . A nasty trick to play on buyers who prefer the original language .
 I have a copy of Fong Sai Yuk on tape . This version was in Chinese and the subtitles were n't great , but it was a funny movie with great action . I bought it on DVD because I wanted a good version of this great movie . Unfortunately they cut enormous amounts out . There is only a dubbed English track and the subtitles are just this track and not an actual translation . The voice acting is mediocre and especially fails for Fong Sai Yuk 's mom who is the funniest character in the movie . They cut a lot out . It is mostly jokes , but they also cut out some fighting parts which they must have felt would be inappropriate -LRB- Fong Sai Yuk fights using the dead body of his friend as a weapon -RRB- . My advice . ... Search around for a Chinese language version . I am usually happy with dubbing . I was n't too upset about the cuts made in the theatrical release of Iron Monkey -LRB- Ironically , both cuts removed a scene of a women spraying water out of her mouth -RRB- , but this brutal edit of Fong Sai Yuk bugged me .
 After I saw Fong Sai Yuk , I thought that it came very close to being the best Jet Li movie ever , challenged only by Swordsman 2 and Tai Chi Master . The Legend can hardly be viewed as the same film as Fong Sai Yuk . The picture quality is excellent , just as it was for the Twin Warriors/Tai Chi Master release.Yet the same major problem with Twin Warriors is present here , and it is so much worse.Firstly there are some edits . Some of these are small and there is no logical reason why it should have been cut . Some cuts are major that spanned minutes of the original movie.The second is the main reason I would give this movie zero stars if that were possible . NO ORIGINAL LANGUAGE TRACK . This sin is unforgivable . To compound this error , the English actors do n't know what they are doing . They seem to be confused and sound serious in the comedic moments , and vise versa . I fail to see how the publisher could justify this , especially when the original track exists , all they would have to do is put it on the DVD.Overall there is no reason to buy this movie , especially when the Chinese version is region free and subtitled in English . Do a little searching . . to find it -LRB- zshops or auctions work well -RRB- . Please do not support this . . of a good movie .
 This senseless dubbing has got to stop . Fans know this film as Fong Sai Yuk . And this , like all Dimension releases , has ONE audio track
 If , like me , you were introduced to the stupendously cool Let Li via the `` Once Upon A Time In China '' series , you know him to be not only a highly skilled and gifted kung fu master , but a nuanced and convincing actor as well.Accordingly , slapstick comedy and all-around mugging are not necessarily a weird thing to see Li participating in -LRB- there 's a little in the UOATIC movies , in fact -RRB- . He can do the range thing , including the light-touch thing , very well indeed . But for me , at least in the Buena Vista `` Jet Li Series '' DVD version , this movie is just plain silly.I do n't mean silly like a toddler is silly -LRB- i.e. , endearing & cute -RRB- , but silly as in `` implausible and annoying . '' This is coming from someone who happily suspends disbelief when faced with blatant but cool wire-work and other common kung-fu-movie indulgences . Those are just part of the form , as is , for that matter , a * modest * amount of broad humor . But to me , the gags , conceits , and plot of this film just do n't cut it for a Jet Li vehicle.Other reviewers have mentioned how cool it is to see Josephine Siao wreaking havoc on bad guys again , and I agree , but in one scene we see her badly bruised after a beating by her husband -LRB- whom we 're later expected to revere as a noble patriot -RRB- . I 'm sure there 's a cultural/historical disconnect involved in my own reaction to that scene , but to me it 's an unsettling and jarring one -- there just is n't anything funny or light about domestic abuse , historically-plausible or no.And then there 's Li 's performance . Gone is the ultra-cool ueber-controlled poise of Wong Fei-Hung
 Not one of his better films . I thought the movie was garbage . I wish I would not have seen it ! Grrr . Godbless ~ Shauns movie review
 Too many movie makers these days either do n't know or do n't care that the modern child is more difficult to entertain than the kid of yesteryear . Like it or not , they are usually exposed to more at an earlier age and they are going to be too savvy for this kind of fluff . `` The Bike Squad '' centers around a pre-teen named Ryan . Ryan 's dog is stolen by a couple of bumbling dognappers and it 's up to him and three of his new friends to get the dog back . As it turns out , dogs are being snatched up at an alarming rate around town and are being sold by the twosome to an evil researcher.From that description , you can pretty much guess how everything will unfold . The only possible surprise is when the four kids actually break into a research lab like a pint-sized ALF . The rest of the film is the same old tired cliche of kids who are constantly being let down by clueless adults who do n't believe them.The acting is uniformly awful with the exception of Graham Spillman . As the lead child , Braden Parkes is inoffensive but lacking in natural talent . This is one `` boy and his dog '' movie that you 'll wan na smack on the nose with a rolled up newspaper .
 Supposedly Dr. Denmark helped develop the pertussis vaccine in the 1930s . That 's noble . However , I think the ideas contained in this DVD are dangerous . This video suggests feeding your baby every four hours and how its normal for a baby to cry from 2pm to 10pm every day . The suggestions in this video -- leave your baby to sleep on their stomach and no variance in feeding times for breastfeeding -LRB- babies digest breastmilk faster than formula , and may need to be fed more often -RRB- -- contradict the latest scientific research . If you follow the method outlined in this video , your baby will cry from hunger and neglect . And your baby will sleep -- from lack of calories and sheer exhaustion from trying to tell you that they 're starving . I feel sorry for the women depicted in this video who seem well-intentioned and are looking for guidance . If new parents are looking for a baby routine to follow , this is not it .
 No stars for this dog . When Denise left Next Generation she left her acting career on the Enterprise ! Traci Lords ? Who cares ? Plot as worthless as the acting , filming , sets ... need I go on ?
 I was very dissapointed with the quality of the dvd . It was grainy and looked like old footage from public tv specials spliced together .
 Too many movie makers these days either do n't know or do n't care that the modern child is more difficult to entertain than the kid of yesteryear . Like it or not , they are usually exposed to more at an earlier age and they are going to be too savvy for this kind of fluff . `` The Bike Squad '' centers around a pre-teen named Ryan . Ryan 's dog is stolen by a couple of bumbling dognappers and it 's up to him and three of his new friends to get the dog back . As it turns out , dogs are being snatched up at an alarming rate around town and are being sold by the twosome to an evil researcher.From that description , you can pretty much guess how everything will unfold . The only possible surprise is when the four kids actually break into a research lab like a pint-sized ALF . The rest of the film is the same old tired cliche of kids who are constantly being let down by clueless adults who do n't believe them.The acting is uniformly awful with the exception of Graham Spillman . As the lead child , Braden Parkes is inoffensive but lacking in natural talent . This is one `` boy and his dog '' movie that you 'll wan na smack on the nose with a rolled up newspaper .
 This was n't what I expected . I guess I expected some surprising plot twists or deep insight into human desperation or modern society . That 's what the reviews and the official trailer -LRB- contained on this disc -RRB- would have me believe . Well , there is plenty of footage of human desperation , but really nothing surprising or insightful . People do n't have jobs , a bike gets stolen , and you get the impression by the end that maybe thievery is n't such a rare thing in that place . You could say that some parallels are drawn between people suffering on both sides of the law and in different situations . In an artsy way you might find that interesting . Probably the most interesting aspect of the movie is the way that emotions and body language are portrayed by the actors . It is very genuine , good acting . So , if you can just get into the raw emotions it 's perhaps a little interesting , except that for the most part there is only one emotion
 This movie was like watching paint dry . These critics are all lemmings . A few well-known authored critics give a movie raves , and everyone else follows behind , afraid they would appear uneducated in the `` film arts '' circles . To say that this film was either `` the best '' or `` one of the best '' foreign films ever made is an abomination ! I 'd take ANY Kurosawa film , over this one . What about `` Fanny and Alexander '' or any of the Bergman films ? I just wasted one and a half hours watching this movie . What a waste ! If I wanted to watch something this banal I would have watched the 6 + hour movie that Andy Warhol made of a person sleeping .
 ` The Bicycle Thief ' I saw on VHS tape 20 years ago and my reaction was , `` Okay , it that it ? Is that all there is to it ? '' ------ And I watched it recently on DVD and my reaction is the same.This is a very over rated film . ` Umberto D' by the same Writer and Director is vastly superior IMO , and deserves its terrific reviews . This film , well ----- the Guy has a bike , it is stolen , he looks high and low for the Bike , ca n't find it , decides to steal another , is caught immediately -LRB- very unrealisticly done -RRB- , and , the film ends . Okay , I just do n't get the nutty enthusiatic reviews . Prehaps , too many people took film classes in college and your Professor told you this was supposed to be a great film . It is not ! The only shot memorable to me is outside of the Soccer Stadium , with the hugh crowd inside , that I will remember . Every thing else is forgettable .
 All right , I 've read some great reviews for this movie , -LRB- granted it was very well directed -RRB- but 1.5 dreary hours of this guy looking for his bike is not my idea of entertainment . They did n't give us anything . They could have at least had the boy triumphantly say , `` Oh poppa , look ... I finda the bell ! '' And oh how joyous their night without sheets would have been ! Every now and again they would give you a glimmer of hope -LRB- hope that the movie was going somewhere -RRB- when Rici finds a lead , but it always ends up being a dead end . I thought the point of movies was to entertain , not to remind you that life can suck . I think most people out there believe that life sucks without the help of brooding Italian film makers . The movie should have ended after about 40 minutes on the one minor high note it had
 Note
 Image Entertainment has done an overall mediocre job on `` The Bicycle Thief DVD . '' On the one hand , the video is excellent
 The story is okay but the movie only lasted 24 minutes ! My fault for not reading all the description I guess . Just ca n't bring myself to recommend this movie . I wanted to add a new movie to my holiday collection for the grandkids to watch but was sorely disappointed and so were they .
 I wish there was a negative star rating available to select , but alas , I had to give it a whole star.This is quite possibly the worst film I have ever seen . When it was not boring me to tears , it was needlessly discusting -LRB- a scene where a man steps into a hole filled with human waste comes to mind -RRB- . ... The only reason I rented it was because one of my favorite stars was in it , but by the time he got on screen I was so mad that I had payed to see this that I did n't even enjoy seeing him in it ...
 This movie was absolutely awful . I really ca n't explain it any other way . It did n't help that Dwight Yoakam produced , directed , and starred in it . The characters are so unbelievable and the dialouge is painful . It was very obvious that this movie was written by a male . The women characters were very fake . -LRB- Well , come to think of it , the male characters were pretty bad also . -RRB- Do n't waste your time . Rent `` Tombstone '' .
 I will be brief . If , in 50 odd years of movie watching , I have seen a worse movie , I suppressed the memory .
 Put it this way ... watching `` South of Heaven , West of Hell '' is 2 hours of my life I WILL NEVER GET BACK ! ... it should have been a comedy for having such a poor story . This movie even had some good actors and actress in it . Wow , very disappointed and on the brighter side I did n't buy it .
 What a strange movie . It took exactly one hour and twenty minutes for anything to happen . Until then , its pace was that of a Tree Sloth , only less deliberate . This western has an all-star cast , though . The always-wonderful Billy Bob Thorton plays an ever so elegant , overly-eloquent Doc Holiday type , though he shuffles off before any real action takes place . Paul Reubens plays a convincing surprisingly handsome misfit . Dwight Yoakam plays a funny looking guy much in need of a hat . Peter Fonda shows up , then dies . Bridget Fonda shows up , administers an impressive and devastating blow to the groin of one of the bad guys , from which he never rightly recovers . And Vince Vaughn plays a mean , sombero-wearing sonnamabitch . There is even a deputy who wears a dress , though , you never really care enough to find out why he does such a thing . They all take turns waiting for something to happen , they talk before the one hour and twenty minute fun part , but what they said did n't really matter . Just a bunch of names that were hard to remember . I counted no less than four highly inappropriate love scenes , that seemed as passionate and timely as any set of grandparents one can think of . There are a whole slew of unimportant characters , some live and some die . Some of these characters are sporadically consumed with a dizzying range of emotion that I could n't understand . One of which is a deaf girl whom you can not help but envy , for she does n't have to bare the burden of the dull sonorific confusion . It seems Dwight Yoakams , who also directed this feature , main goal was to shoot and kill every actor who was more suited to his craft . Jealousy runs rampant among thespians . I give it two stars because of the star-studded cast , they were fun to watch even though they sort of went down with the ship , except for Billy Bob Thorton , who did n't die , and left , presumably to make a better movie . I think the only way they were able to pay for these expensive actors was to not pay a decent editor , who could have successfully trimmed this film down to a slim country music video .
 As a film director , Dwight Yoakam is a great musician!Let me say , that I 'm a huge fan of Yoakam and his music.He is one of the all time greats . I 've enjoyed hisacting as well in films like `` Sling Blade '' `` Panic Room '' , etc. `` South of Heaven , West of Hell '' is , on the other hand , virtually unwatchable . I mean , it 's THAT bad.I decided to watch it mostly out of curiosity.Well curiosity killed the cat and this movie almostdid me in ! It was painful to watch . I 'm not sure whathappened , but this film could not have been much worse.Let 's hope Dwight stays in front of the camera , wherehe does pretty well.Check out his new record `` Blame the vain '' . It 's GREAT .
 Did I miss something in this movie ? Like maybe the plot . I like Bridget Fonda and I like westerns but this movie did not have much in it to like . It seemed like an entire movie that did n't ket anywhere . It never progressed . With the vast array of well known names and faces this movie should have had a better plot . I guess the big question for me is how did they get all these character actors in this movie?If you like westerns or not , you may want to think about passing on this movie .
 I am a huge Dwight , Billy Bob & Vince fan , along with most of the cast , but this movie was bad - as if I had written & directed this movie . The story , editing , sound , music -LRB- Xylophones ??? -RRB- , etc. . This flick was even hard to watch as a joke , and believe me , I tried real hard to find something to like here . I 'd have to say `` Painted Cowboy , '' staring lead man Dwight , was a 5 star compared to this mess . I have got to cleans my mind and watch Sling Blade again , I 'm giving South of Heaven , West of Hell 2 stars for the cast.Hey Dwight , I 'm still going to watch your future movies , I know you are loaded with talent , so just hang in there .
 Rebecca
 I am reasonably intelligent and open minded -LRB- which some reviews claim are pre-requisites for enjoying this film -RRB- and I still have to give this a 1 star . Admittedly I rented this video because I am a big fan of DY 's music and I do see what he was trying to go with this project . However , the constant barrage of swearing , pointless violence and slow dialog turned me off . Not sure why those elements seem to be required to make a film `` artsy '' , but to each his own I guess .
 Words cant express just how truly bad this thing is . I 'm at a loss actually . 1 pitiful undeserving star .
 Unbelievably bad ! I kept hoping this film was a satire . I watched it winching , but I watched it nonetheless . Is n't it strange how the most appalling things can attract morbid curiousity ? Sad .
 WORST of all time ... but sadly , that is an understatement.Now I know why Dwight Yoakum hid out under that hat all those years ... he 's bald ! Match that with his Barney Fife frame and he cuts one intimidating figure as a `` good guy '' Marshall who didnt buy into his family 's whole death and dismemberment gig.Billy Bob Thornton 's impression of Courtney Love is uniquely weird . And I used to think Vince Vaughn was cool ... well , I got news for you Vince , maybe it 's time for Swingers VI?I keep asking myself how so much talent could lend itself to such a historically awful movie . Well , blame Dwight . Maybe somebody a little higher up on the macho scale could have pulled this off , say somebody like Liberace or Truman Capote?Except for the features torturous 133 minutes , all in all a good DVD . Lots of extras , good soundtrack , commentary , deleted scenes too if you find yourself all that curious about this thing .
 This movie was , bar none , the worst movie I have ever seen ! I went to the world premiere , and the only reason I was glad I went was that I got to have my picture taken with Dwight Yoakam . I admire Yoakam for writing his own movie , but I think he should stick to singing . The movie was plotless , and the only thing that kept from walking out was Vince Vaughn .
 There are some very intriguing scenes here , mostly underdone , to include fresh takes on the western perspective , nice landscape shots and setting with potentially great characters , but the dialogue was diseased with an excess of modern day cussing/linguistics and as such was absurdly out of historical context - noted lack of enthusiastic acting/acting skills / enough to make this a lame sort of semi-intriguing unintentional spoof .
 This is by far the worst movie I have ever seen . I would rather push a nail through my finger then ever watch this movie again . Everyone please trust me when I say that you should not waste one penny on this film or take one second out of your lives to watch a moment of this film .
 Do not , I repeat , do not see this movie . I do n't care if you 've seen _ Sling Blade _ . I do n't care if you like Billy Bob or Vince Vaughn , or Bud Cort . This movie is just horrible . I saw this the other night at a friend 's house , and the only thing that helped me through the traumatic experience was the laughter that would erupt from my friends at various points from the bad dialogue and ridiculous violence.I began to think that part of the reason Dwight made the film was to show all of us his sexual fantasies -LRB- ... -RRB- could find no story in this movie . Only blood , cruelty , and , yes , the inexplicable appearance of a hot air balloon . Want to see Bud Cort pulling his own tooth out and later yell for 5 minutes `` I 'm blind ! '' Yep , this movie has that and a few people blown up by dynamite besides . Other than that , I go with what one of my friends said at the end of this movie
 Has to be one of worst movies of all time . Dwight Yoakam is a worse actor than he is a singer . How he ever got the cast talked into this one is beyond me . How can any person rate this above a 1 ?? I realize that even sh -- looks good to some , and that is what this movie is .
 I 'll make this as short as I can . I bought this pathetic excuse for a movie because Barbarossa was on it & the thing was $ 5 at WalMart.Dwight has always creeped me out . His music is fine.And some of the movies he 's been in he 's done OK.But this ? OMG it was absolutely horrible.I understand that Dwight was getting all artsy fartsy here.But he failed miserably . Some reviewers are claiming here it 's ` deep ' . It 's so deep it 's shallow as he !! . I will say it was amusing to watch these people try to ride horses , which no one in this movie can.Basically from what I can gather , Dwight was trying to use this as his vehicle of ` art ' . And he sucks at it.Dwight is still just a weird little icky man who oughta stick to his music.Because there is no way in hell any of those women in real life would want that man touching them.When he kissed Bridgette Fonda in the balloon , I almost threw up . My husband & I almost died laughing it was so lame!Seriously folks , do n't waste your time . There is no depth to this , no plot , & it is an artsy fartsy attempt to create ` art ' which is nothing more than screen vomit.I will say that the cinematography was pretty decent.Which is a shame bcs they could have spent that money on a GOOD movie .
 This flick begins with a turn of the Century preacher proclaiming that these `` new moving pictures '' are a sinfull abomination . After viewing the rest of the movie you think he might just be right ! `` South of Heaven West of Hell '' has all the bloodshed and exploitation of a Peckinpah western without any of the rhyme , reason or demension . The hard-to-care-about script takes you from one stomach churning monent after another with an understandibly unenthusiastic cast . -LRB- Who told Dwight Yokem he could act ? -RRB- The ONLY people who 'll want to waste time with this would be die-hard Pee Wee Herman fans ! Pee Wee plays a perverted western badguy ... a little TOO convincingly ! Other than that no reason to forfeit 2 hours of your life .
 The dialogue is artificial . The acting is ridiculous . The photography is beautiful . That 's the only good thing about it.Don ' t even rent this one .
 Inspite of a all star cast , this movie was filled with profanity and a waste of my viewing time . The story made no sense , the language was vulgar which I do n't mind , but this was senseless . I did enjoy the graphic sex , but I could not see where it did anything to further the plot , other than to get people who only watch R rated movies to rent it . Dwight Yoakam should for sure keep to singing and I hope did not use any of his own money to get into this film .
 Groan ... this was such a bad movie I turned if off after 30min . I have seen Dwight act in better films than this . Perhaps he should stick to singing as a first career . Mildly amusing in spots but I ca n't recommend it .
 I enjoy many different types of film , given that they have some kind of plot and good character development . This film had neither . I had little or no interest in who was being injured or killed in the scenes of excessive violence . The good thing about the violence , however , is that it gave us a break from the inane dialogue.I am upset that I wasted 2 hours watching this pointless drivel .
 I love Dwight Yoakam 's music and songwriting , he 's surely one of the best singer / songwriters out there but I think he should leave the screenwriting to professional screenwriters . This film looks beautiful , but the plot leaves a lot to be desired and the dialogue is often very dull . Dwight has some positives in this , as bad as it is . For instance , he looks great on a horse , but he looks uncomfortable in front of the camera here , which is unusual for him , given his other movies . The characters are interesting enough , but not given enough development that we can see . I do n't think Dwight should give up directing entirely , but I would not recommend seeing this .
 Now and again , people will watch a ballgame -LRB- football , baseball , etc. -RRB- , see someone drop the pass , and say to themselves `` I could have caught that '' . In actuality , this is usually just spur of the moment delusional ideation . Put in the same situation , we too would have failed . This is not uncommon thinking ... we do it all the time , and in regards to all sorts of situations and events as we travel through life and observe . And why have I said all this ? It is because , as a person of reasonable taste and intelligence , I honestly believe there is no way possible I could write a worse script than that which Yoakam created for this film . I know , I know , it is possible that I too am committing the falacy of which I described earlier , but I simply do n't believe it is possible . I have written academic term papers with more wit and substance than was contained in Yoakam 's film . A film does n't have to be conventional or realistic in order to be good . It does help , though , if it possesses something of interest . Violence , which this film contains quite a bit of , can make up for some shortfalls , if done well . In this film , though , I did n't really care who was shooting , who was being shot , or why anything was happening in general . You see , this film contained about as much character development as a bad SNL skit . The plot develops as though Yoakam simply wrote the story as he went along . It 's like , `` hey , the props guys got wired on crank and built an antique hot air balloon last night , get some film in the camera '' . And a review of this film would not be complete without a comment about the acting . Yes , there are some fine actors in this film , but sadly , that does n't mean that fine acting was put on celluloid . I suppose it 's possible , that in creating his statement , Yoakam simply decided to tell his cast to mirror the intelligence of the script in their acting . If you must watch a mindless violent film , at least watch one with style and purpose ... like a Hong Kong era John Woo film . But whatever you do avoid this film . I 'm sorry this review is so long ... I simply had to vent after watching this abomination that passes for a motion picture .
 This has to be one of the worst movies I 've ever seen . Bad acting , bad , dialogue , nonsensical plot ; one ca n't begin to describe all of the things that are wrong with this movie . Paradoxically , the cinematography is pretty good , so in a way you end up thinking that you 're not watching a movie as bad as it really is . I guess that 's why I endured about 45 minutes of it before finally giving up on it -- something I very rarely do , even with the worst of them .
 I note that the only person who apparently liked this movie was a `` reviewer '' from `` Hollywood '' . Not surprising . Probably was entered by Billy Bob . Truly this movie is a terrible waste of time and is without any redeeming qualities . I would rather watch Costner 's Wyatt Earp 10 times in a row -LRB- and that movie truly -LSB- stinks -RSB- too -RRB- than watch Dwight 's movie once . Perhaps it had something to do with hearing the word F*@K 200 times or seeing gore that 's usually reserved for horror movies . Perhaps this movie is aimed at the 18-25 year old crowd who will actually pay money to watch mindless sex and violence for its own sake . If so , they should have had some young actors like in American Outlaws . I recently saw that movie also and laughed and had a good time . Dwight should stick to bit parts and making music . And ... this is important ... keeping his hat on .
 I was predisposed to like this film , but was disappointed in the weakness of the plot and the hackneyed one-line put downs constantly exchanged between the two protangonists . It starts with the two vaudeville stars doing their routine on stage , while in the wings a girl is waiting with her dad for a `` shotgun '' style wedding for either of the two . They escape , leaving Australia looking for any kind of available employment . It turns out deep sea diving is the sole remaining option.Princess Lala , who is half Scottish becomes the romantic target of both suitors . The indingenous people arrange a marriage ceremony whereby both men are going to marry her , although neither realize they are sharing a bride . This plan is destroyed by another authority on the island who wants to make her his latest bride to add to his collection . It 's at this point that the plot breaks down and it seems they wanted to just end the script in the alloted time.Cameo appearances by well-known movie stars of the era are interspersed . If you do n't watch carefully you 'll miss them however . The most creative part is the conclusion .
 ca n't see the dvd as i am in region 2 and the dvd is coded for region 1 . great !!!!!!!!
 The plot was OK , but the songs were forgettable -- almost painful -- and the dancing was amateurish . I found myself fast forwarding through a lot . However , the comedic exchanges between Bing and Bob were fun .
 the original had a running time of 91 minutes!excellent road film , and I have them all in my collection , and love them all , but our favorite is road to morocco .
 This movie does not hold ones attention , although the story is good , it is not very exciting .
 Sorry , we did n't care for this movie at all . I purchased it based on the positive reviews , which is usually a safe bet , but not this time . My kids are all in elementary school , and none of them liked it . The movie is colorful , but the animations are rigid and appear to be cheaply done . There are too many characters to keep track of , and they are creepy in a disturbing way , not in a fun or scary Halloweenish way . The storyline is all over the place and chaotic . It 's a weird movie . I would n't recommend it to anyone .
 Most of the reviews were pretty good on this . My daughter is 3.5 years old and I felt this was way too young for her . I feel she is pretty intelligent , but all the reviews said they had kids about this age and the cartoon/story line is ridiculous . My daughter watched it for about 5 minutes and was bored out of her mind . If you 're looking for a fun Halloween movie for your kids , this is not the one . No matter what age in my opinion .
 Was not impressed by the animation or the content of this movie . In fact I will be giving it away this weekend .
 One star at best . Put me to sleep . Could have listened to my other Santana cd 's with same result . Actually my other cd 's sound better than this one as far as reproduction goes.Have to agree with the Ohio viewer
 It would have been better to buy a music CD instead of buying a DVD to listen to Santana music showing only some colored video clips of mother nature .
 > > why carlos santana would put his name on a technolgically out-dated waste of time is the only mysterious quality worth noting regarding this questionable piece of work ... > > the music could be entrancing , if someone had bothered to go beyond STEREO ... > > our 8-channel surround was craving activity ... oh , well ... time to go searching somewhere else > > the computer-generated scenery was boring and redundant ... no IMAX competition here > > just sad for the waste of potential ... a little less surrealism & a pinch of forethought might have resulted in a less disappointing experience ... . my old 8-track gave a more satisfying Santana experience
 This English dubbed Japanese movie is probably done as best they could under their low budget , but it is n't very interesting nor entertaining . And to buy the premise , you 'd have to have a near-zero scientific IQ . Burning all the rocket fuel ever made would n't budge the earth , and even if it did , the Earth 's rotation would mean the Rockets are pushing in a different direction as the day progresses . And the moon being destroyed `` saving '' them ? That 's hilarious ! Without the moon the earth would be knocked off its axis and most , if not all life would be destroyed .
 before reading this , anyone who is should know that i , before playing bloodrayne , and researching it on the internet , neither knew of uwe boll , or that movies were even made from it . if i had stayed ignorant , i would have been much happier.bloodrayne 1 movie : summarythe good : pretty women & scenerythe bad : acting , story , / / probably would have been better if the acting was better.many of the stunts.the fight scenes . -LRB- they rival the quality of those in ninja turtles 3 -RRB- . The acting is stilted , and seeing rayne as a carny makes very little sense . she seems weak as a baby fart , and can only fight humans using bloodrage -LRB- until later when she magically becomes stronger , but only to low quality human level -RRB- . rayne crying about drinking blood seems really stupid to me . i understand that she is supposedly sheltered etc , etc.also would making raynes skin pale really have been so difficult ? her complextion in this film indicates that she stays under the sun for long periods of time . basically rayne looks like a beautiful california girl , not a sleek deadly dhampir . also her blades are no longer bracers , but just some police night sticks with blades that she occasionally uses . she 's no longer a vicious killing machine , but a lukewarme damsel in distress , who sometimes fights . the girl scouts from the movie dodgeball kicked more butt than this girl . she even says she does n't thirst for human blood , which no vampire/dhampir should be able to say with a straight face . she even has sex with one of the vampire hunters . which to me is just a cheap ploy . as mentioned on other reviews of the movie -LRB- but not this bundle product -RRB- the bars clanking during the scene are hilarious and deserve a benny hill sound track to play in the background . even without comparing her to the game rayne , i 'd still be disappointed.while i understand not always using the games original story for a movie may be a good idea , its only a good idea if the idea is actually better than the game . anyone who played the game would probably be offended by the transformation rayne suffers in this sham of moving pictures . the commentarry states that boll some what wanted to make a prequel , but some story elements state otherwise . such as the eye of beliar being received hundreds of years before game.the mindless gore in this movie is also disappointing.meatloaf is one of the 2 people in this movie that actually has an almost tolerable performance , but the wig he wears is even worse than the one he wore in rocky horror -LRB- which btw is a very good movie -RRB- . the women around him are the bigger highlight around the scene , but the cross eyed guy that is seeking refuge there is more distracting than the women 's breast . though his eye is much easier to follow than the boring plot.the plot is n't difficult , just boring . little reason to care about anyone in this movie . even rayne.kagan does n't look scary at all . he has the appearance of the nerd of vampires . the kind that gets wedgies , has his lunch pale -LRB- blood plasma -RRB- taken , glasses stomped upon , and cello smashed.the directors commentary is slightly more interesting than the movie . but not by much . there is more energy in the director commentary between the actors and boll than the actors amongst themselves in the film . what was most unnerving , was that the actors actually seemed to think they did a great job.not much else to say than that this movie in insidiously boring . installation of the game that came with this pack was more entertaining than watching this.this movie left a brown stain in my dvd player.bloodrayne 1 game : the good : decent voice acting , mildy interesting storyline.this gives me another reason to use my p990 pad -LRB- would rather use my mouse . -RRB- the characters are well designed -LRB- graphically -RRB- there is a joke about an almost prize winning bull in it . -LRB- i can now understand the plights of farmer 's and their need to win blue ribbons -RRB- the badrepetitive : -LCB- while level ! = complete ; hack/slash/shootif level = midwaymake player find battery/keymake player fight a sub boss.level = 1 + tocomplete.if ever stand still or change area , respawn all enemies in previous area . / / makes backtracking annoying and is just filler . -RCB- the blade targeting system is nonexistent . the guns go dry rather quickly , and are best saved for special enemies and bosses . luckily , the guns can be poorly aimed , and the game has aimbot -LRB- auto targeting -RRB- for them otherwise . unfortunately that also means tougher to lead shots . so fast moving enemies can nullify guns.the jumping system in this is horrible . i wish mario ran a jumping training camp . -LRB- oddly enough she acts like mario in 2nd game -RRB- . usually the jumps are alright , until the temple levels . then , at least for me , i felt like physically going in and wiping the game from the drive.i loved the stereotypical plot of thule -LRB- occultist nazis -RRB- finding artifacts that give them super powers . not like that has n't been over used as a premise.makes me wonder if hellboy got the idea for that german guy with the blades from bloodrayne . probably not.also this and bloodrayne 2 have an annoying habit of asking about video settings.as if remembering them is not enough . the good thing about it is , that if i didnt really mean to execute the program , i can just close that window.another big problem is that the cutscenes spawn another window . which sometimes causes the game to cycle to desktop . this occurs in both games . really annoying , and can occasionally crash the game.basically this game has low-mediocre gameplay , almost no replay value , though it is likable -LRB- somewhat -RRB- . rayne is a very intriguing character.bloodrayne 2 movie.MOMMY BAD TOUCH ! * weeps harshly * . please make the pain stop . 95 minutes of shame and suffering . this movie is basically a digital version of a dementor 's kiss -LRB- a dementor is a harry potter creature -RRB- . the girl from silent hill movie -LRB- which also sucked badly -RRB- is unfortunately back in this . she was n't very good in silent hill , but does alright in this . she plays scared little girl well . i feel sorry for her to have those two blots in her life . i hope she does n't become like britany spears , the olsen twins , or the children from different strokes.this time there is even a black guy in it -LRB- one was in first movie , but barely noticeable -RRB- . have n't my people suffered enough ? this is one movie where we sure as hell do n't need to be a token character.the fight scenes still are terrible . they warrant BAAAM ! ZOOM ! KAPAOWWWWY ! to be added to the hits . would have been more fun.billie does n't look tough or interesting . his acting is terrible . actually all of it is . the trauma of reliving this while typing this is almost overwhelming.his accent is horrible . basically he looks like a drag queen in cosplay -LRB- playing dressup -RRB- . his bela lugosi impression sucks too . finally the way he kept stroking those children was a little uncomfortable . i kept expecting him to offer them candy to get into his van . i 've got mars bars and a playstation in here , bulah buluah * hiss * raynes character is even more unbelievable than the first . tolerates daylight just fine , apparently water immunity lasts from last movie -LRB- though i think allergies to water is silly anyhow -RRB- . she is just as weak as in the first movie , but with mo betta diction.i am still wondering why does the camera keep swaying like its unsecured on the rough seas . also many specific shots suck in this movie . such as the all important show down where raynes posse is about to be killed . good idea , keep focusing on the bad teeth , and the all important final cracker eating shot.there was one decently done scene . a scene where rayne walks into a room , and children are set up in a trap about to be hanged by a big stone and rope . she has to hold on to the rope to save them . though one boy dies . a real omg now that is messed up reaction is warranted there , which is the only other emotion than disgust that was invoked by this movie . though , i ask myself , where the hell did he get that huge stone . the children 's acting in this scene was convincing.the final monologue from billy and the incredibly lame fight scene really did put the white cap on this steaming pile of bird ... well anyway.i think this movie actually outdoes alfie -LRB- with jude law -RRB- as being the worst movie ever done . even about schmidt was n't this bad . about schmidt was just boring , so was alfie , but this is legitimately bad . thats it i 'm done , i ca n't stand thinking about this movie any longer . colossal failure of a painful magnitude . i just want to move on with my life . i 've had enough trauma already from the first.only the children and the mayor were enjoyable in this movie . -LRB- the mayor only because he has a pleasant voice -RRB- . bloodrayne 2 game : mediocre . it has its own problems . namely the camera , and the near endless supply of piggies to be butchered . it has a fairly vast amount of sexual prowess . i 'd expect some gamers would likely find something else to play with while in game . rayne jiggles lewdly , and panty shots that successfully fills any fanservice . but other than that , this game has n't much else to offer.the good points are that rayne is a likable character , we see more of her history , more moves , better combat system , and harpoon is better.the bad points are , the harpoon still sucks . many will disagree , but i find being required to toss people annoying . sometimes they go the direction pressed , sometimes not -LRB- have to press direction she 's facing , not camera -RRB- . but what annoys me the most is that this HUGE chunk of metal is being thrown into their chest , and people get up from it . vampires/dhampirs i 'd think probably could recover quickly , but humans ? can harpoon them near infinite times without a problem -LRB- rarely does the harpoon kill them -RRB- . although tacky i prefer to have a modification that could be added/activated that causes her to say one liners like scorpion from mortal kombat.the acrobats , while a good addition , are done badly . the controls arent the main problem , but the camera control is.the combos , while nice , are n't exactly needed , or easy to do . this game is mostly just stay behind the opponent , and mash buttons.to me i mildly enjoyed it . mostly because of the better graphics , bloodraynes model is exquisite , and extra ways to kick butt . but the over use of being forced to use the harpoon , horrible camera , lack of manual targeting hampers its desirability.overall for all products.the movies suck hard enough to warrant buying games separately . or not at all . for people who liked blood rayne games , they 'll appreciate the games bundle . would love if these games were released on good old games ' website for like 5-6 $ . then i would n't literally have to wash the stink off them.only worth buying if wanting the games . burn the movies . shred them , dispose of them . or better yet , dont buy the bundle pack or movies at all . put in the extra dollar and get the games individually . i am will not use the movies as coasters as i 'm inclined to think that they will make any drink on them taste bad . or worse , trigger flashbacks and relive the horror .
 1 -- 4 years after the bush administartion and still no barack hussein humor only the same ol bush is bad crap ... ?? same goes to 30 rock and snl ... boring ... 2 ----- total office rip off just political in a bad way .
 Tina Fey - throw Amy a line and get her out of this awful show . It 's painfully bad , dimwitted and stereo-typical banter . I feel sorry for Amy because she is hugely talented and I hope this ends soon so she can move on to something that showcases her true talent .
 The Protestant Reformation was congruent with the Industrial Revolution and the developments in the Sciences ; these forces created social and spiritual friction that led to the fiction of the Gothic Era . Classic gothics explore sociocultural anxieties related to these revolutionary forces . Social disruption of traditions , urban displacement , and the dissolution of faith are the subterranean subject matter of gothic masterpieces like Bram Stoker ` sDracula.Volodymyr Palahniuk , otherwise known as Jack Palance , was born to play Count Dracula . The man inhabited the part . What an actor . Right up there with Robert Mitchum and The Borgnine . He even ousts Klaus Kinski 's later rendition inNosferatu
 I only ventured to review this was because it seemed like those who did so found this movie to be effective as a Dracula movie . I feel compelled to say the opposite is true , and only wish that someone would have given a less-than-wonderful review before I purchased it about a year ago . The beginning of the movie is kind of creepy , and it seems to have a sense of mystery and intrigue about about it , but once this movie gets going its flaws become apparent.Disappointing aspects were plentiful . First , they changed the whole Dracula story -LRB- perhaps my fault for expecting something close to the novel -RRB- . They added several characters who were n't in the novel into the movie . Some of the characters in the movie were n't dressed appropriately for the setting of Translvania ; they looked more aptly dressed for a Beatles concert in the 60s . The acting was slow and methodical and , generally , dreary.The general approach of the movie is slow . It seems like main characters -- Johnathan Harker , Dracula , Mina -- are moving in slow motion and trying hopelessly to save the film . Usually the problem in a movie is overacting ; in this movie it 's the exact opposite that is problematic . It 's very hard to take this movie seriously . It borders on B movie quality.Recommended instead of this
 I am amazed at the excellent reviews this movie received . Palance , who is perhaps one of the most over rated actors , delivers a ham handed rendition of Dracula . The look is all wrong , he would make a much better Frankenstein monster -- without makeup . He does not exude the charm , the sophistication of Dracula as did Lee or Lugosi , but instead comes off as a semi-articulate thug in a poor version of evening dress . A couple of steals in this version from Return of Dracula and Horror of Dracula , but there 's no blood to this vampire , just blah . Waste of time .
 I loved this version of Dracula however the DVD video quality is terrible . Many scenes are very dark . Scenes are so dark that skin tones are nearly dark orange . I would love to have this movie in Blue-Ray !
 This was a disappointment . The `` day for night '' scenes early in the story are murky black . There are many scenes that are insufferably dark until about the second third of the movie . Also , either it is a trick of my memory or the ending scene with Dracula has been re-edited since its television broadcast -LRB- Jack Palance , as I remember , did n't ` accept ' being impaled with such grace ... he hissed and struggled ... not so in this DVD . Was that a trick of memory , or has this DVD been reedited ? -RRB-
 Disk 1 was great.On Disk 2 , `` Admiral Chester Nimitz '' was great.I had recently seen `` The Bloody Hills of Pelileu '' in another collection.The `` General Douglas MacArthur '' selection is one of the WORST trumped-up fictional hagiographies using selected facts of Douglas MacArthur possible . It 's given a little balance if you watch `` Admiral Chester Nimitz . `` It 's available on netflix .
 Argh . Full screen . Wake me when a widescreen version is finally available .
 I love Starman and have been waiting for a wide screen version forever . What 's up with this full screen nonsense ? I advise people to wait and buy the DVD when the studio wises up and releases the widescreen version all the fans of this movie deserve !
 John Carpenter is known for only filming in anamorphic widescreen -LRB- except for his rare TV work -RRB- . He 's a master of the 16:9 ratio and the scale plays a big part in his movies . Why this is in fullscreen is anyone 's guess . And why it does n't have the director 's commentary -- that 's already available in Europe -- is just weird . This is an odd movie for Carpenter but he pulled it off well ... it 's worth a serious look but it 's also worth waiting for a release that retains widescreen so you can see ALL the movie and that contains the usually very informative commentary .
 I did n't pay close enough attention to the description because the version I bought was the awful full screen format , which is NOT what I wanted to watch . If a film is made in Panavision it should be watched in Panavision , not full screen or pan and scan . What a waste .
 No mater the size of your screen . This picture only fills a small center portion . You can increase the width or depth of the screen and it will remain in the center in a small unchanging window . It is one of the worse full screen transfers that I have ever seen . There is no widescreen version . The Blu-ray version may be better . I do not know .
 Carpenter is a director with great highs and lows in his career . Who has managed to make special editions for just about everyone one of his movies except this one . Recently I just read Christine -LRB- The killer car Movie ! -RRB- is getting special edition treatment as opposed to this great family film . Long time Jeff Bridges fan I realized that he gives an oscar nominated performance here , so I wonder whats the deal . Why no Starman Special Edition or even Superbit it . this film deserves better treatment .
 Very formulaic and unbelievable . Thought it was rather shallow and superficial . I do n't know about you , but from the time I saw that projected map of the US , I 'd be asking a million questions . She seems to be exceptionally uninquisative . Who would send someone a zillion miles on an anthropoligical research mission , and then pick them up in three days , lest they die ? Makes no sense . I hate to start a movie , and not finish it , but it was a real effort to finish this one.I love 1970s movies though , the country is so uncrowded , and the cops are so lumbering.One of the stars is because I love the Barney-Fife / Gomer-Pyle attitude that Bridges uses . Pure dork .
 I wish I had n't seen this movie . My reason for seeing it in the first place was my appreciation of Jeff Bridges ' recent works . I 'd thought that seeing his earlier works could come out like seeing the earlier works of De Niro , Eastwood or Brando - great amount of pleasure , excitement and obvious milestones of the acting profession . It turned up to be a long time goner that really has n't stood the test of time . Honestly , Bridges is not to blame , even if he did play his role quite apatheticly in part of the time . The script , plot , state of affairs et cetera does not stand in today 's standards ; the feeling I got seeing it , was the same feeling I got seeing the A-team , Macgyver and Alf old episodes in the last few years
 This movie is sooo messed up , the alien dude is stupid and as is the lady , it has some funny parts , but mostly it 's bad . . not a well rounded ending .
 This was a total rip off ! Only a few minutes , amateur and expensive ! Replayed same scenes throughout . No meaningful info .
 Saber Marionette J was a wonderful series and I highly recommend it . This however , is your typical disppointing sequel . The plot extensions are weak and the characters lack the charm they had in SMJ . As a fan of SMJ , I know how tempting it is to pick up this sequel , even though someone tells you its bad , just because you want more SMJ than they gave you . I did . Take my advice ; you can find better stuff to spend your money on than this .
 Saber Marionette J was a wonderful series and I highly recommend it . This however , is your typical disppointing sequel . The plot extensions are weak and the characters lack the charm they had in SMJ . As a fan of SMJ , I know how tempting it is to pick up this sequel , even though someone tells you its bad , just because you want more SMJ than they gave you . I did . Take my advice ; you can find better stuff to spend your money on than this .
 I have to start out by saying how much I loved the first Saber Marionette series . The second one , however , is just lame . They changed all the voices and quite frankly the English dub is really bad . I 'm not really into subs so I really cant comment on that aspect . Save your money folks , if your looking for something new , go get something cool like Sorcerer on the Rocks .
 Saber Marionette J was a wonderful series and I highly recommend it . This however , is your typical disppointing sequel . The plot extensions are weak and the characters lack the charm they had in SMJ . You can find better stuff to spend your money on than this .
 Angelic Layer . Sigh.I bought this DVD a while back around New Year 's . I thought it would be good because all my friends reccomended it . Boy , this anime was boring . The characters were not very original , but let me tell you why I gave at least one star . It was becuase of Icchan ! He was the best character , and frankly , I liked him better the Misaki . She was just so plain and boring , and he was funny and out-going . Anyway , I do n't think you should buy this , but if you want to waste money , go ahead . ~ This has been a review written by Keroro
 A far cry from `` Just Correct '' which was VERY FUNNY . `` Girth '' was way too short , there were no extras , and the jokes were the same ones I heard at Ralphie 's live shows . Really not worth the $ 15 . I am a BIG Ralphie fan from Last Comic and I have seen him live 3 times , so I was expecting alot more . I was very disapointed .
 Since I do not speak the language , the subtitles did not come up so I was lost in fully understanding what was being said . I ended up giving the movie to an Indian friend knowing she would appreciate and get more out of it . The fact that the movie stated subtitles and there were not was a disappointment .
 When you attempt to play this on a DVD player the picture is fuzzy and goes out of focus . It can be played more successfully on a computer but this is not what I ordered or thought I was paying for .
 SPOILER WARNING
 I am a minute into the movie and it sounds like an echo with some crackling . I hope the story does n't disappoint me too . $ 3.99 is TOO much for this quality ... really .
 For 1 is n't was n't in English and there was no indication it would n't be . People should be warned . It was too slow and the story line lack life .
 This particular version of the movie is provided on a DVD-R disc , `` Manufactured by Amazon.com. , Lexington , KY '' and the video compression is really horrible -- lots of compression artifacts , glitches , and skips . It is practically unwatchable . Maybe the higher-priced version of the movie , which Amazon also sells , is better ... I do n't know . Do not waste your money on this version .
 I ca n't write a review of this product because the subtitles did n't work . There was a subtitle option on the menu but it did n't work . The subtitle button on my remote only got me a `` not available message . '' I like bollywood films , but I have to have a translation.Update - I returned the old DVD and got a replacement after awhile and this one had the subtitles . It 's much easier to follow the story . Rai is gorgeous as usual and the songs are great .
 This review is only for the version of this movie sold by Amazon and provided on a DVD-R disc . I do n't know about the other versions but this one is pure garbage . First , there is a big problem with the compression ration used for this movie . The video content is about 3 hours -LRB- movies + ads -RRB- and it is burn on a single layer DVD -LRB- 4.7 GB -RRB- . What I do n't know is , if it 's Amazon who chose this compression ratio , or if they just use the file provided by Eros for burning the DVD . It 's really bad because otherwise , that movie would be excellent . If you want this movie , take a chance with another version .
 I could n't play this at all . NEVER AGAIN will I buy DVDs from Amazon .
 Let 's make it clear from start
 Wonderful film , one of my top ten , but this is a terrible DVD . My videotape is MUCH better . Kino must have searched for the worst possible print to transfer ; every flaw is preserved and magnified . A ridiculous , cheap , cynical , hack-job on a beautiful film . How did this happen , and why wo n't someone with a conscience do this film DVD justice ?
 Dersu is one of my favorite films of one of my favorite directors . What a shame it did not get an adaquate treatment on DVD . The pictorial quality is inferior awful and disgusting . If You love this film do n't buy this product .
 Kino once again takes a great film and gives it the hatchet treatment . In fairness , I suppose that Kino puts out films that are n't likely to have the popular appeal -LRB- and price tags -RRB- of those issued by Criterion . But that 's no excuse for taking non-anamorphic transfers of ` Scope films from lousy prints . At least they did n't put in hard subs this time .
 Greatly disappointed-not translated into English-as well as no subtitles . Have viewed this movie before , and know that it is available in a translated format .
 This is one of my favorite films , but my second return of the Kino DVD . Neither of them played correctly , especially in the last chapters . But it is also formatted poorly , with subtitles too large and partially overlapping the small letterbox image . The subtitles often cover important features of the story . I am not sure what to do now ; is there another DVD version of this film that plays in the USA ?
 I purchased this video for my husband -LRB- one of his all-time favorite movies -RRB- and it was a terrible disappointment due to the exceedingly poor quality of the video itself . We were unable to watch it . It did not play well - squares of pixels were constantly cropping up and obscuring the picture almost to oblivion . Also , at times , the subtitles disappeared , and at others , there was no sound . We ended up turning it off halfway through . I will never again purchase an item from this company .
 When you shop in the land of VHS , some DVDs are still around from then as well.I am not going to waste a lot of time on plot or actors because it really does n't have either in the film . This was an independant film on a budget , rating really low on the `` why would you buy '' scale . I think I might have seen a handicam shakin out part of this movie , too , because the mood in this is supposed to be one thing but it turns to something different.I saw a review from someone that knew an actor from the local area and even they could find nothing to say except `` I even knew one of the guys in it . '' cold but deservedly a 1/5 .
 Okay , not only have I seen this abomination , I know one of the actors in it . DO NOT waste your time on this unless you are trying to support the director . The fact that it is set in the hood is not enough reason to buy this disjointed and abysmal pice of drek . The storyline is choppy at best , and frankly , the whole movie is only a vehicle to promote the director and the lead actor who has pretentions of being funny . The best use for this DVD would be as a coaster .
 I watch a lot of independent movies and I take into account that many filmmakers do not have alot of money to totally make the film that they want , but creepin is a total disgrace . It is probably the worse independent movie I ever saw . It looked like they just turned on a video camera and did whatever came to mind . Some of the actors seemed to be funny but the movie is so poorly thrown together it is barely watchable . They should change the name of this movie from creepin to ...
 The price of this box-set is really good . So when I found it in America , I just bought it with no doubt -LRB- I 've been a big fun of Gundam -RRB- . For the release of these DVDs , the directer Tomino decided to re-record the voice-part , the background sound effects and some music . I 'd thought he knew what Gundam funs want . But he totally has no ideas about it at all . The voice talents could n't bring the same excitement to these DVD version as they did long time ago for the original version . And the worst thing was for some reason in the movie 3 Tomino did n't use a song ` Meguriai ' for the final battle of the Gundam and the Zeong , neither for the very last where Amuro returns to his friends . It ruins everything !! Usually the last part of this film makes me cry , but with no ` Meguriai ' in these scenes it ca n't be that strong . He did the same kinda thing for the Jaburo assault in the movie 2 as well . Thses DVDs have made most Japanese funs really disappointed and now they 're waiting for the release of the original version on DVD.I 've seen English-dubbed version of the Gundam movies on VHS , and I think they 're much better -LRB- I have some problem with Amuro 's pronunciation of ` Gundam ' in the very begining of the movie 3 , but it 's acceptable -RRB- . I think the voice talents for the English version did a good job -LRB- I think this way maybe because English is n't my first language -RRB- . I would buy these titles on VHS , not these DVDs !! I 'm so sad because Tomino 's made one of his great work into a piece of ...
 Beware , these DVD 's are only in Japaese . I do n't understand it and I do n't read subtitles . Well I 've been bitten by this I only hope others read this and avoid problems ... at no stage was it indicated that it was in anything apart from Eglish .
 This moral melodrama is a work that a viewer may well wish to like more than it deserves . Although effectively photographed and designed , its plotline is , nonetheless , remote and unduly extended . Actor Perry Lang , in his only stint as a feature film director , also writes the screenplay that wants for more development . It is foremost an actor 's film , as is made clear in the majority of the work 's scenes . The film 's unlikely protagonist , Carmine DiCarlo -LRB- Anthony John Denison -RRB- , alcoholic gigolo , has been bequeathed $ 40,000 by his newly expired lover Martha -LRB- Anne Francis -RRB- , but the latter 's son Harvey -LRB- Bruce McGill -RRB- contests the will , hoping to use the moneys to aid in the launching of a new casino complex to attract desert tourists -LRB- `` Little Vegas '' -RRB- , with assistance from a former Las Vegas hood , played by Jerry Stiller . Further complicating Carmine 's situation are his teenage son of whom he has been awarded custody , a romantic connection with Martha 's daughter Lexi -LRB- a fine turn from Catherine O'Hara -RRB- , and his gangster brother Frank -LRB- Michael Nouri -RRB- who tries to persuade Carmine to return with him to his erstwhile home in New Jersey . Through all of this , Carmine manages to exhibit a certain joie de vivre that can not be despised . The film had but few theatre showings prior to being relegated to cable television , and home video sales . The piece offers a wide range of genres , while not quite settling upon being a comedy or romance , let alone a crime based thriller . This , then , fails to create an essential element
 I purchased this video -LRB- sent 2day to have for the weekend -RRB- spending $ 35 + $ 15 shipping.I was sold on the 5-5star reviews it had gotten.First off.This video is at least 30 years old.as can be seen by the 1970 toyota truck in the video and clothing.I just expected a newer.modern.fresh vid with up to date techniques and training.Second.the video is basically a large.disorganized puppy class taped with an old video camera.I guess I was expecting more of a one on one class with a more personal feel with the trainer and maybe one or two students.really giving you the feel of a quality training video I paid for.And finally.the vid to me didnt really teach me any of the questions I really wanted to know like what to do when my puppy goes crazy and how to calm him -LRB- Do I give him a time out.Let him play it out.etc -RRB- or how to socialize him -LRB- with other dogs.bringing him to meet new people and social situations.etc -RRB- The video is so broad and general it barley touches on anything specific which is why I have a problem with the quality and old -LRB- date -RRB- . Dont get me wrong.I think the basis of training a new puppy hasnt probably changed much but I think if this was taped in 2008 for example it would be much more personal and specific -LRB- to the point -RRB- . I would have felt alot better spending $ 9.95 max and not $ 15 rush shipping because the 5star rating I thought it was a must have asap to spend my weekend off using all the great -LRB- techniques -RRB- shown in the vid.If you want a video that is very very general and vague and mostly -LRB- common sense -RRB- this is the video for you!If i would have been able to see a preview or sneek peek of this dvd I would have never bought it.Shame on people giving this a 5star rating.That is the highest mark or praise for anything and I read all reviews when I buy most things -LRB- especially of amazon -RRB- and this one was definattly a dude !!!!!!
 I thought I was purchasing the &#34; Dunbar training method &#34; I guess in retrospect the fact that it is geared to puppies is obvious . That is when people train their dogs , when they are a few months old and beyond . Because of Dunbar 's famous book &#34; How to teach an old dog new tricks &#34; I assumed this video might be geared for older dogs who needed help with some of the basics that may have proven too difficult the first round of puppy classes.I was very dissapoined given the price point for this video , it is amaturish in production quality and lacks an over arching organization . It would be a good product if say , you had not chossen your dog yet , and you wanted to see what you are in for commiment wise with training and raiseing a dog . I wish I could have returned it . I am still on the look out for a video that deals with dogs over 1 year old .
 DVD was Ok , but not very realistic . The classes take place in what looks like a church hall . Not a typical place to be interacting with your puppy . But I 'm hopeful I will find something useful in it .
 AAAAh , this video is really old like from the 70s - 80s , although it has some useful things , it is a bit boring .
 Some of the techniques in this book are laughable at best . `` Whenever your dog pulls on the leash , just stop and stand still , and wait for the dog to come and sit next to you before proceeding with another step '' ... Are you kidding me ? Who has 8 hours to try and walk a puppy around the block with this method?Yes , there are some useful ideas in this book , but for real working people who ca n't spend 24/7 with their dog , it just is n't reasonable .
 The film follows three couples in different stages of their marriages -- a pair of newlyweds , a couple who have walked the aisle again after their respective divorces , and a long wedded couple . The only halfway decent storyline involves the last couple , a couple of former hippies dealing with their kids and sticking to their 1960 's principals . Other than a few good zingers -LRB- esp . the one Cybill Shepard says to her stepdaughter in a clothing store -RRB- , this film never rises to the drama level it 's reaching for .
 Oh great , here comes another movie about people 's lives intersecting . This time it 's at a PTA meeting in New York where one couple is a group of hippies , another couple just got married , and a third one are who are supposedly the only `` normal '' characters in the movie ... or maybe you can figure it out . The characters here were not of the least interest to me -LRB- in fact they were quite repellent ! -RRB- , the screenplay is paper thin and all-too-familiar , and New York City is not particularly a beautiful place to look at so I ca n't give the filmmakers credit on photography or location . For a much more subtle and original -LRB- not to mention a WHOLE LOT better -RRB- movie with a vaguely similar storyline , see GRAND CANYON , a great 1991 movie that is superbly acted , enlightening , and almost magical .
 My parents showed this to me when I was 7 and they were expecting my younger brother . I 'm now 30 and 23 years later , I still have the vivid memories of a bed bouncing up and down and swimming sperm with top hats racing to meet an egg dressed up as a bride . If you do n't mind your kids having such images left permanently in their minds and leaving them only more confused about the birds and the bees process , then by all means , show them the film !
 There are 100 women illustrated with poorly presented still photos and about 5 or 6 short video clips in 8 or 16mm . Bunny describes all the women and gives a little history . I found it somewhat interesting but was put off by the multiple poorly copied still photos .
 Do not be fooled into buying this movie . If you are looking for a sensual , clever softcore film with lingerie , stockings and the like , than look elsewhere . Any sex that is shows is not steamy or provocative . There are far less expensive alternatives if you are looking for something good in the softcore genre that can be shared with a signficant other .
 The Key to Sex is a misnomer for this film . It was not informative about sex in any way .
 When you shop in the land of VHS , some DVDs are still around from then as well.I am not going to waste a lot of time on plot or actors because it really does n't have either in the film . This was an independant film on a budget , rating really low on the `` why would you buy '' scale . I think I might have seen a handicam shakin out part of this movie , too , because the mood in this is supposed to be one thing but it turns to something different.I saw a review from someone that knew an actor from the local area and even they could find nothing to say except `` I even knew one of the guys in it . '' cold but deservedly a 1/5 .
 Okay , not only have I seen this abomination , I know one of the actors in it . DO NOT waste your time on this unless you are trying to support the director . The fact that it is set in the hood is not enough reason to buy this disjointed and abysmal pice of drek . The storyline is choppy at best , and frankly , the whole movie is only a vehicle to promote the director and the lead actor who has pretentions of being funny . The best use for this DVD would be as a coaster .
 I watch a lot of independent movies and I take into account that many filmmakers do not have alot of money to totally make the film that they want , but creepin is a total disgrace . It is probably the worse independent movie I ever saw . It looked like they just turned on a video camera and did whatever came to mind . Some of the actors seemed to be funny but the movie is so poorly thrown together it is barely watchable . They should change the name of this movie from creepin to ...
 this movie is just about rich lady 's spending hundreds and thousands on cloths . plus lets kids to think that it is alright ti steal . the ending was lame as lame can be . nothing good about this at all . see this is about a woman clothing store is going to have to close it 's doors if they do not get the money . and she end up with an affair and that is how it ends with an affair .
 I bought this dvd thinking it was a made for TV movie staring Mary Stuart Anderson . It was not . Too bad AOL ca n't provide more information on the products they are selling .
 I got this dvd thinking it was a concert of Blue oyster Cult it is not the band in concert so if you order this thinking that is it forget about it
 I just want to say that I find it outrageous that Naomi 's size on the DVD is bigger than everybody else . Especially Annie and Dixon . Do n't get me wrong , I do like Naomi and I feel she has made some positive changes throughout this season , but Shenae Grimes and Tristan Wilds 's names are mentioned first in the credits , but in this season and in this picture , they have been pushed to the side . The CW needs to fix this and make ALL the characters on the DVD the same size . This is n't the Naomi show ; this show is an ensemble cast , so everybody is equal.I just want to say that I 've been disappointed with this season . I only watched a couple of episodes of the first season , but started watching the second season and became a weekly viewer . This season was just spent ruining Adrianna 's character and giving all the attention to Silver and Naomi . To be honest , I 'm surprised that Silver does n't have the bigger size on the DVD.I am done with this series and probably would n't have made any comments , but I was appalled that the other actors are being overshadowed on this DVD . Even though Shenae and Tristan were smaller than everybody on the season 2 DVD , at least everybody else was about the same size .
 I trashed this after watching the first few episodes . What needless drama!The characters are all so good-looking on the surface but have such horrible , twisted lifestyles ! So shocking to even comprehend that people can degenerate into such animals ! Cheating , lying , deceiving one another all the time , never learning any lessons in life , repeating the same mistakes and spiraling into the same cycle again . Is this what America has become today ? Not good for the impressionable audience to imitate ! The outwardly good-looking actresses just became all the more uglier ! ... A totally gross series!Stay away from `` 90210 '' . Read : Hell
 I 'm sure most of us who have ever come across , and perhaps even have grown to like , some classic Hong Kong movie -LRB- such as Police Story , Drunken Master II -RRB- , would have heard the not-so-secret about how Miramax/Dimension films bought most of the Hong Kong movies distribution right . It seems like they bought more than just the right the distribute , they have bought the films and , despite the Directors/Filmmakers original intention , they cut it as they see fit.The problem is , they do n't see very well . Without a good understanding of other 's cultural background , they simply categorize what they do not understand as redundant . The result are some horrific , hollow effort that will lead the American viewers believe that Hong Kong or other countries are unable to produce quality motion pictures . While Miramax/Dimension are considered to be `` Independant Studios '' who respect the artisic view of the filmmakers , they are nothing more than bunch of short-sighted , self-righteous hypocrites.Though they do make an effort to digitally restore/remaster the original film to provide a sharper , clearer image , they more than often largely mutilate the film
 The Accidental Spy is one of Jackies better recent movies . There 's no disguising the fact he 's getting older , and ca n't quite manage the jaw-dropping feats of his youth , but in this movie he still shows that he has more understanding of action scenes than almost anybody else on the planet . The Accidental Spy also has a reasonably good script.However , what you will see with this DVD is not really the movie The Accidental Spy at all . The distributing company have , for reasons best known to themselves , decided to cut about half an hour out of the movie for it 's US release . They have also decided for us that we should watch the movie in English , despite it having been recorded in Jackie 's native Cantonese . Dubbing ruins movies , pure and simple.Hence , whilst I believe that people should see The Accidental Spy if they are a fan of Jackie Chan or action cinema in general , I can not recommend that anybody purchase this DVD version.Track down the Hong Kong DVD instead , which might not have Miramax level mastering , but at least presents the movie as it was meant to be seen . The butchery Miramax have applied to the movie is an offence to the movie makers and the US audiences in equal measures . Do n't support releases like this , and maybe one day the US studios will learn to treat their audience with respect .
 I have seen the original cut of this film and it 's pretty good , however the Miramax version has eliminated alot . They cut the story down and redubbed it , changing the dynamics of the film . Instead of looking for a new strain of Anthrax , they 're looking for Opium . So the urgency of the plot is gone . The new english is track horrible . This film is not the typical buffonery of Jackie 's previous efforts , it 's a little darker but the english makes an attempt at lightening the mood . They even cut a whole seen at the end ! So it goes from a solid 108 minutes to a mere 86 minutes . See the original , it 's much better .
 This movie was soo boring . I now know that comments about the film on the cover are all lies . In Sweden it said ; `` Its so action packed it makes `` Rush Hour '' go in slowmotion '' . This was only for Chan to prove that he can make a movie creep slower than a frozen snail . He rarely fights , and when he does , he doesnt do any cool moves and he lacks speed . He doesnt do any dangerous stunts anymore and he is even using special effects to do some athletic scenes in his other movie `` The Tuxedo '' . He himself said `` I dont use special effect , I am the special effect '' what about now ? Hope he gets better with `` Shanghai Knights '' . This ... wasnt even worth to rent . He doesnt even give many laughs these days .
 Jackie Chan plays a salesman who specialises in gym equipment . His life is turned upside down when he discovers his father was a Korean double agent who had made a deal with drug dealers to make super addictive opium . Chan is assigned the task of tracking down his father , who has since defected.ACCIDENTAL SPY is mainly lacking the slapstick humor and elaborate stuntwork that are Chan 's hallmarks . The movies climactic stunt featuring a flaming oil tanker mildly rips off SPEED and LICENSE TO KILL . You 'd expect more originality from Chan . The movies ' final `` twist '' will only surprise those who have n't been paying attention , or possess the I.Q of a NZ Green Party member . This is n't one of Chan 's best , but the out takes at the end are always fun to watch and ACCIDENTAL SPY is no exception . This went direct to video in NZ . It 's not hard to see why . Unfortunately this ranks alongside WHO AM I and THE PROTECTOR in the lower ranks of Jackie 's portfolio .
 Why American production make HK movies look so cheap ? First of all , they cut off so much scene , second of all ruin it by making look acting so dumb by English Dubb . For ANY of HK movies , ALWAYS stick with ORIGINAL LICENSED HK RELEASE . Be careful with cheap imports , boots though .
 After years of silence , Rankin/Bass , the company responsible for such holiday staples as `` Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer '' , `` Frosty The Snowman '' , `` Year Without A Santa Claus '' , `` Santa Claus Is Comin To Town '' and many others , somehow managed to emerge with this terrible clunker . Gone is the Christmas enchantment that overflowed in the specials from their heydey - this depressing 1/2 hour is permeated with scenes from an impovershed ghetto . Instead of cute , charming stop-motion puppet animation , we get very cheap cel animation . I find it hard to believe that the team responsible for all those wonderful holiday classics had very much to do with this one , and I think maybe somehow their name was just tacked on it .
 Sad ... the CD was scratched , so we could not really enjoy it . I would be nice next time to know that the CD is scratched .
 Meh , this movie was kind of stupid . I did n't really care for the characters much either . The yellow singing bird should 've been shot down ! I hated the songs too . Check out Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer instead ! It 's always been better ! Now to cook this yellow bird ! Anyone hungry ? MERRY CHRISTMAS YAS FILTHY ANIMAL AND A HAPPY NEW YEAR !!!!
 I love Starman and have been waiting for a wide screen version forever . What 's up with this full screen nonsense ? I advise people to wait and buy the DVD when the studio wises up and releases the widescreen version all the fans of this movie deserve !
 John Carpenter is known for only filming in anamorphic widescreen -LRB- except for his rare TV work -RRB- . He 's a master of the 16:9 ratio and the scale plays a big part in his movies . Why this is in fullscreen is anyone 's guess . And why it does n't have the director 's commentary -- that 's already available in Europe -- is just weird . This is an odd movie for Carpenter but he pulled it off well ... it 's worth a serious look but it 's also worth waiting for a release that retains widescreen so you can see ALL the movie and that contains the usually very informative commentary .
 I did n't pay close enough attention to the description because the version I bought was the awful full screen format , which is NOT what I wanted to watch . If a film is made in Panavision it should be watched in Panavision , not full screen or pan and scan . What a waste .
 No mater the size of your screen . This picture only fills a small center portion . You can increase the width or depth of the screen and it will remain in the center in a small unchanging window . It is one of the worse full screen transfers that I have ever seen . There is no widescreen version . The Blu-ray version may be better . I do not know .
 Carpenter is a director with great highs and lows in his career . Who has managed to make special editions for just about everyone one of his movies except this one . Recently I just read Christine -LRB- The killer car Movie ! -RRB- is getting special edition treatment as opposed to this great family film . Long time Jeff Bridges fan I realized that he gives an oscar nominated performance here , so I wonder whats the deal . Why no Starman Special Edition or even Superbit it . this film deserves better treatment .
 Very formulaic and unbelievable . Thought it was rather shallow and superficial . I do n't know about you , but from the time I saw that projected map of the US , I 'd be asking a million questions . She seems to be exceptionally uninquisative . Who would send someone a zillion miles on an anthropoligical research mission , and then pick them up in three days , lest they die ? Makes no sense . I hate to start a movie , and not finish it , but it was a real effort to finish this one.I love 1970s movies though , the country is so uncrowded , and the cops are so lumbering.One of the stars is because I love the Barney-Fife / Gomer-Pyle attitude that Bridges uses . Pure dork .
 I wish I had n't seen this movie . My reason for seeing it in the first place was my appreciation of Jeff Bridges ' recent works . I 'd thought that seeing his earlier works could come out like seeing the earlier works of De Niro , Eastwood or Brando - great amount of pleasure , excitement and obvious milestones of the acting profession . It turned up to be a long time goner that really has n't stood the test of time . Honestly , Bridges is not to blame , even if he did play his role quite apatheticly in part of the time . The script , plot , state of affairs et cetera does not stand in today 's standards ; the feeling I got seeing it , was the same feeling I got seeing the A-team , Macgyver and Alf old episodes in the last few years
 This movie is sooo messed up , the alien dude is stupid and as is the lady , it has some funny parts , but mostly it 's bad . . not a well rounded ending .
 Argh . Full screen . Wake me when a widescreen version is finally available .
 While Mr Blackstone is certainly a very fine magician , I can not say the same for this very poor quality DVD . Clearly made via bad transfers from video tape , it 's so soft and fuzzy sometimes it 's hard to know what 's happening onstage . For the price I expected better .
 The Mask of Satan -LRB- Black Sunday -RRB- is one of the most stylish gothic films made.Unfortunately this dvd edition makes watching the film a snoozefest.Originally shot in Italy and with an Italian soundtrack , this new `` restored '' version hits you with disgustingly camp American dubbing totally out of sync with the lip movements.The soundtrack has both inspired moments of psycho-ish grue , andembarrassing mills & boon ; slop , but as this appears to be the original , there 's nothing to be done about it.The dialogue however is another story!If the same dvd company can put out other Bava discs with original Italian language and subtitles - why not with this one?This film deserves much better , and hopefully a truly `` original '' cut can appear.On a higher note , the visual transfer is perfect , which is another reason why the inept soundtrack frustrates .
 Black Sunday is a classic film that , as a film , rates at least four and a half stars . Unfortunately , one of the VHS versions being offered , the 83 min . version with the yellow cover art , is * neither * the new Image restoration , nor is it AIP 's generally well-regarded version with the Les Baxter score.This 83 min . version -LRB- click on tech . details to see running time -RRB- with the yellow cover art is actually a * very * poor quality transfer from a very soft , scratchy , and splicy print , put out by a company called Video Entertainment Corp. . It 's essentially a censored , poor quality version of the Italian version -- the worst of both worlds.If you 're going to get Black Sunday on VHS , by all means opt for the widescreen VHS put out by Image , which has * red * cover art , and an 87 min . running time -LRB- again , click on tech . details to confirm that the version you are getting is the 87 min . version from Image -RRB- .
 The film was everything I expected except the audio is exteremly horrible . The vloume rises and falls and is interlaced with intermittent annoying static clicks . It is unacceptable .
 I was 11 when I first saw Black Sunday . It was very scarey and I thought about it nightly for months . I think Barbera Steele was my first love.I enjoyed the movie very much - as a reminder of times past . However , the video was terrible . The sound was slightly better than terrible . I 'd have paid more for a better quality video . I wonder if the expensive DVD has the same issues as the VCR tape ?
 I had pretty high expectations for this movie , thinking it would contain some genuine frights for me ; it 's these old black and white horror films that I find really scary and intriguing , none of this modern day `` horror '' crud . And while I ca n't deny some of the great imagery and cinematography , I have to say that this movie just is n't very good.There were , sure enough , a few parts that scared me a little . But on the whole , especially considering all the praise that is regularly heaped upon it , ` Black Sunday ' did n't do a thing for me . The plot was standard supernatural `` revenge from beyond the grave '' fare , and none of the characters were interesting . The bad dubbing did n't help things , either ; the lips might have been in sync , but the voices sounded all wrong and did n't go with the faces out of whose mouths the voices were coming . Furthermore , even the scenes that I did find appealingly atmospheric were almost always interrupted by some pretty terrible dialogue.I do n't doubt the influence this film may have had on the horror genre -LRB- particularly Italian horror -RRB- , but it does n't hold up very well at all today . This website 's reviewer referred to it as `` the Citizen Kane of horror films . '' I do n't know what movie he was watching , but it certainly was n't the same one I saw .
 I hate watching dubbed movies . I would much rather watch a film with sub-titles than hear some goofball voice-overs . The only thing worse is Black Sabbath -LRB- the film -RRB- because it was shot in English , then dubbed in Italian !!!
 Princess Asa -LRB- Barbara Steele -RRB- , a witch executed 200 years earlier , returns from the grave and tries to possess the body of one of her descendents , Katia -LRB- also played by Barbara Steele -RRB- . I recently read an article in which `` Black Sunday '' was described as the `` Citizen Kane '' of horror films . After watching it , I think a more appropriate comparison would be with your average Hammer Horror movie . The acting is wooden , the script downright laughable , and the dubbing is un-synced . Add to that the fact that , with Barbara Steele playing duel roles , the film becomes quite confusing at times.Much of `` Black Sunday 's '' reputation is based on its supposedly great cinematography , but I was n't all that impressed . Yes , the cinematography was above average , but is was nowhere near as good as what you would find in most Dario Argento movies , in particular `` Suspiria '' , one of the most beautifully shot horror movies ever . Besides , it does n't matter how pretty the movie is , if the story is bad , then it 's going to be difficult to sit through . Good cinematography can only keep you entertained for so long , and after the initial novelty has worn off , this is a pretty boring film that I had to struggle to stay awake through .
 Black Sunday -LRB- Mario Bava , 1960 -RRB- Black Sunday is the movie Ed Wood always wanted to make . A four-cheese pizza with extra provolone is still not nearly as cheesy as this `` horror '' film , from which the only horror can be gleaned at the unintentional humor to be found throughout . But still , for the fan of Italian horror cinema , Black Sunday -LRB- as many of Bava 's films -RRB- is a must-see , simply because Bava was the man who inspired giallo , and the tangents off giallo which gave rise to the films of the great triumvirate of Italian horror directors -LRB- Argento , Fulci , and Lenzi -RRB- . If you can piece together a plot summary for this movie , you 're a better man than I . But I 'll give it a shot
 Maybe I am missing something that made this movie get good reviews from some of the viewers . Even though I am a Barbara Steele fan , this movie was quite boring to me .
 Amazon 's absurd policy of listing reviews for previous releases under newer releases of the same , or in this case vaguely similar , titles is really frustrating . I 'm not sure about you guys , but if I am reading reviews for the new Bluray of `` Wizard of Oz '' - why on earth would I have any interest in reviews for the decades-old VHS release ?? But some dingbat at Amazon seems to think this is a good idea and lumps all reviews for a particular movie or music title under ALL OF ITS RELEASES !! I 'm not sure why as it can only hurt sales . Say for example someone is speaking about the poor quality of the OLDER release meanwhile the NEWER REMASTERED PICTURE AND SOUND re-release has that review lumped together with it . Someone has a very good chance of passing on the purchase because of the technical description of and entirely different product.Well with this particular release , Amazon has sunk to a new low of stupidity . Mario Bava 's classic `` Black Sunday '' is being re-released onto DVD and Bluray with a supposed marked improvement in quality . Fans of the film await news on what , if any , special features will be included . And what info do we find here on Amazon ? All the reviews for the Mario Bava Boxed Set that was released back in 2007 ?!?! Why Amazon ?! Why ?! There are many other websites where one can go to see reviews of a film -LRB- IMDB , Rotten Tomatoes etc. . -RRB- but you are selling a PRODUCT - and as such only reviews pertaining to that particular product should be listed under it .
 While visually well done and a great Bava effort , the dubbing is simply horrible . Out of the `` Bava Collection '' this was the only one I found difficult to watch .
 This DVD is a joke . They took the title by it 's words . So , 75 % of the footage shows one-legged veterans trying to ski in the Rockies and stuff like that . Travis can only be seen from time to time and his music is wasted as a background for the veteran paralympics footage -LRB- or whatever you 'll call this boring stuff -RRB- . In no way I want to dishonor the american veterans . But this is NOT the right platform to honor them . I believe there is not a single Travis song that can be seen in it 's entirety . There are fade ins and fade outs on the songs and viewing handicaped vets balancing on one ski is not realy what I want to see when I buy a Travis Tritt DVD .
 The disc I received was a poorly-copied bootleg . Most of the videos were such bad copies that they were unwatchable . Waste of money .
 This sucks when i first opened it the discs where all scrcthed and its regioncoded so it wont play on american dvd players os anything american i would give it 0 stars if that was possible dont buy
 Damn them for this . After releasing 3 seperate volumes for nearly 20 bucks each , disapoint fans by having harldy anything on the 3 discs , and ignoring the fact that just about everything on all 3 discs would fit onto 1 disc.Now that they have ripped everyone off , they are cashing in again with all 3 discs for a couple of dollars more then it was to buy one disc individualy.This really p * ss * s me off . Rip the fans off first , then release it the way it should have been in the first place.Damn this chasing in , it shoudl be agsint the law ... do it properly the first time and disalow them from cashing in again with a diffrent release , then speciel editions , then collectors editions , then it will come with the winter dvd , then more ... . damn it , put them all out on as little amoutn of discs as possible and stop cashing in on these things.However , if you have not already bought 4 volumes at 20 bucks each , then this 3 disc box set for less then the price of 2 is going to be a bargain and a great buy ... as for those of us who have been jibbed and conned already ... -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Truth plays no part in this film , which is allegedly a `` documentary . '' Avoid it and Moore 's spin on what his pea sized intellect thinks is truth . I would have given it no stars if that was an option .
 If you give this movie anything more than a one star rating you obviously have not done your homework on what happened at Columbine and how Moore intentionally distorts the truth int this movie . There are to many examples to list on how much Moore distorts the truth in everything to fit his own political beliefs let alone Bowling for Columbine . Larry Elder who is libertarian not conservative has done his homework . Look at his website and read everything carefully on this subject . It will disgust anyone who has a high reguard for the truth nomatter your political beliefs .
 Obviously it won awards , obviously he is famous for his documentaries ... . but I was shocked when I watched this . It logically collapsed upon itself . I started to watch it , and the longer it went the more upset I became , it jumped from idea to idea , and tied together no loose ends , and left more questions than answers . Now you might say , thats the point , but wrong , because the questions that your left with are , `` what is he talking about ? '' `` how does that follow from that ? `` there are so many inconsistencies , obvious editing tricks , and simple non-sequirtors in this film that even a 4th grader could see it was closer to fiction than the truth . Not only did this film dissapoint me , insult my intelligence , but it also made me not want to buy any other product that michael moore ever produces ... . I dont think I will even watch the Oscars again , especially if they reward such mediocre work for documentary work .
 Other then a headache and a mild sense of bewilderment , the only thing I got from Bowling for Columbine is a sense that Michael Moore is a huckster and a shameless self-promoter . While trying to verify some of Moore 's facts , I became confused as to whether Bowling is supposed to be taken as a serious documentary or a psuedo-docu-comedy -LRB- PDC -RRB- . And , having seen both documentaries and PDC 's I 'm not even sure Bowling is either one of those . I 'm not even sure it can be called a film , unless you go with the `` to become coated or obscured '' definition.Bowling 's greatest weakness is a lack of focus . In both documentaries and PDC 's , there is generally one subject or a group of subjects connected by a common event/experience/belief . If Bowling has a subject , I would guess it has to be Moore . Unfortunately , Michael Moore is not a very interesting subject and nowhere near as witty as he must think he is.Moore spends the running time aimlessly wandering between Flint MI , Columbine CO , and L.A. CA . He seems to focus on gun violence and the question of why so many American 's kill other Americans -LRB- presumably with guns , but it never clearly established if Moore is talking about murder in general or murders involving guns -RRB- . Random facts are thrown at the viewer presumably in support of whatever Moore 's argument is . Or maybe its just to throw random facts and the audience.It could just all be the white man 's fault . In fact , a short cartoon blaming white male Puritans for slavery , the KKK , the NRA , and the current murder rate in the U.S. -LRB- once again , presumably gun related murders -RRB- is about the only coherent part of this mess . In fact , I think this cartoon short is the only thing that qualifies as a film in the `` movie '' sense of the word . Anyway , white men are blamed for slavery , U.S. white men in particular , and no mention of any other country 's involvement in the slave trade is made . It is not even mentioned that slavery is still going on today . Black on black slavery in Sudan and all kinds of sex slavery all over Europe , Asia , and the Middle East.Moore does have a point on how the U.S. news media and politicians scare the American public into a state of learned helplessness , and he claims the same is not true in Canada or Europe , but he never goes anywhere with this point . Maybe a simple comparison of the U.S. and Canadian constitutions and the role the press is given by each might have been instructive , but Moore , in his eagerness to blame America first , never takes the opportunity.The movie is called Bowling for Columbine but the only thing documented is Moore 's , and by extension , the U.S. left 's descent into bitterness and schizophrenia . The only true highlight is an edited and all too brief clip of South Park
 `` Bowling For Columbine '' would have been completely ignored if it was n't for the drab , monotonic alternatives Hollywood has tranquilized America with . Desperate to find anything `` different '' , reviewers gave `` Bowling For Columbine '' far more credit than it deserves.To call `` Bowling For Columbine '' a documentary is laughable . In a genuine documentary , one of two approaches is taken . The author will either start with a hypothesis and attempt to prove/disprove it through investigative journalism , or he 'll investigate a topic in an attempt to provide some insight . Moore does neither.Instead , Michael Moore pollutes the screen with his unpleasant form , bouncing from scene to scene making no points in particular . Hijacking an inevitably controversial topic , gun control , Moore gives his audience a paltry excuse at objectivity by interviewing people on both sides of the issue.Moore follows no path of reason , nor does he make a persuasive case for his obvious anti-gun bias . Just as the audience might start to doze off , Moore becomes inflammatory , badgering K-Mart into policy change and staging an infantile display of emotional drivel and character assassination directed at an overly polite Charlton Heston . `` Bowling For Columbine '' at long last grinds to an abrupt much-awaited conclusion , cheating this viewer out of an opportunity to demand a refund before the end of show .
 Moore 's attempt to discover the causes of violence fall far short of his goal ... but you would n't know it to talk to his defenders . This is the problem
 90 % of the movie is a combination of Moore 's pot shots at American leadership -LRB- business & gov ` t -RRB- and his usual game of embarrassing people on camera . He is very good at the latter and if that is your thing then there is a fair amount for you to enjoy in this film.There were insightful comments from Moore and Marilyn Manson regarding the impact of fear in the US and how fear is used to manipulate . While insightful , I 'm not sure about the correlation to the problem of gun deaths -LRB- ie . the topic of the movie -RRB- . The movie claims to be a documentary , but it is not objective and it does not go to experts on the subject . Moore asks some good questions - too bad he does n't ask anyone remotely qualified to give thoughtful answers . While this may seem charming to some , it basically amounts to a bunch of incomplete opinions formed without much data - which Moore is able to point out since he has at least done enough research to squash a few typical responses to his questions.C . Heston is justifiably humiliated for some of the poor & thoughtless choices he has made and it was interesting , sad & surprising that he did not have better thought out answers to Moore 's questions . I think he scored a hit with that one.The film may be entertaining & insightful in parts , but it is generally short on thoughtful analysis and long on Moore 's whining and theatrics . At one point Moore tries to draw a connection between a work program for women on welfare and a child of one of the women who gets a gun from her brother 's house and kills another child . The connection between the welfare program and the overall problem of gun deaths in America was tenuous at best , but it was an opportunity for Moore to try to embarrass Dick Clark since the mother happened to be working at one of his restaurants at the time . It was frequent cheap , loosely connected , stunts & half information like this that cheapened the film .
 ... this movie is one of the greatest pieces of distorted disinformation ever made . The infamous Nazi and Soviet propaganda film makers or even Oliver Stone have nothing on mike moore . What 's really scary is that plenty of Americans think that this movie is factual .
 Michael Moore 's `` Bowling for Columbine '' won the Oscar for best documentary . Unfortunately , it is not a documentary , by the Academy 's own definition.The injustice here is not so much to the viewer , as to the independent producers of real documentaries . These struggle in a field which receives but a fraction of the recognition and financing of the `` entertainment industry . '' They are protected by Academy rules limiting the documentary competition to nonfiction.Bowling is fiction . It makes its points by deceiving and by misleading the viewer . Statements are made which are false . Moore leads the reader to draw inferences which he must have known were wrong . Indeed , even speeches shown on screen are heavily edited , so that sentences are assembled in the speaker 's voice , but which he never uttered . Bowling uses deliberate deception as its primary tool of persuasion and effect.A film which does this may be a commercial success . It may be entertaining . But it is not a documentary . One need only consult Rule 12 of the rules for the Academy Award
 The reasoning for this is simple . If you take what Mr. Moore states at face value it can be extremely damaging to your psyche . The fact that he compares the death by guns in England with the US as raw numbers -LRB- not per-capita -RRB- , and goes on to compare the same number with France , Germany and Canada is outrageous . Where is Russia in all this ? And Argentina , and for that matter most of South American figures ? Are these not worthy of note ? What about Africa -LRB- which Mr. Moore only sees fit to mention in slavery , I 'll get to that in a second -RRB- . Besides the fact that Mr. Moore picks and chooses what he shows , and leaves out all that which contradicts him , is utterly obvious to anyone with a higher than grade school education . The more I thought about what I had seen the less I could believe I had fallen for his propaganda -LRB- I fail to find any other reasonable name for this drivel -RRB- . The thing I detested the most was the portrayal of Africans , being taken from Africa , as hapless idiots . His depiction of all Puritans and their offspring as scared to death individuals who are waiting for the `` black man '' to attack them boggles my mind . Despite this there is one area in which no one could hope to defend this contrite rubbish , which Mr. Moore seems to spew forth . If you watch closely -LRB- right after he shows all Americans as desperately scared individuals -RRB- , he states that the reason for us buying new Fighter Jets is due to Lockheed martin playing on American fears . At this point I almost turned off this propaganda . I am in the Air Force , and his understanding of this particular situation is so far below par it 's embarrassing . If there is anything I can relay to individuals who watch this , it is simply this . Do not watch this movie with a closed mind . Think for yourselves , and you will see the misleading , deceit , and over simplification of issues which Mr. Moore Portrays . In all I have but one thing to say.Shame on you Mr. Moore , you have sold out your values and have lost a once firm supporter .
 This propaganda film is so full of malarkey , that Michael Moore even admits on his website that he felt compelled to make a number of changes to this DVD release . Do n't believe me go see for yourself ! Funny stuff coming from a guy who has the gall to say anyone disagreeing with him on the factual makeup of this film is commiting libel.Haw the jokes on you!In an animated history send-up , with the narrator talking rapidly , Bowling equates the NRA with the Klan , suggesting NRA was founded in 1871 , `` the same year that the Klan became an illegal terrorist organization . '' Bowling goes on to depict Klansmen becoming the NRA and an NRA character helping to light a burning cross.Too bad the KKK was actually founded in 1866 ! lol!Not only that but this work of fiction is so vain and perverse in it 's need to drive a point home , it becomes propaganda in it 's purist form in the way he takes the NRA meeting out of context ... FACT
 Go to www.bowlingfortruth.com and see how honest this man is . Then while your online check out the Fahrenheit 911 Fact Check http://fahrenheit_fact.blogspot.com/ . . and then check out www.frankenlies.comWhen was it that society started putting their trust in the hands of comedians and celebrities who were high school drop outs ?
 I found Moore 's biggest talent from this movie to be the ability to create red herrings.Very provocative yet very unbalanced ... a good compendium of red herrings for the un-thinking man .
 He talks about the Lockheed Martin facility in Colorado building missiles -LRB- weapons -RRB- . They do n't , they build rockets for satellites and deep space probes.Second , the infamous gun scene was staged , a fact acknowledged by the bank teller herself.Enjoy it , free speech is great , but not all speech , or movies , are great . Do n't get suckered .
 It would be giving Michael Moore too much credit to say that this is a dangerous film . But in fact it is , but not for the reasons M.M. would like it to be . Weaving a thread of personal bias through the documentary format is more corrupt than any elected politician could ever get away with . I was also upset by the fact that he used a bate and switch tactic in that he used the publicity of the Columbine tradgedy as a spring board for his real agenda , gun control . Removing the pumphandle from the well will not stop the spread cholera nor will gun control remove the spread the violent use of guns . The problem is still in the ground.The fact that M.M. received an academy award for this effort is even more distressing in that people are more impressed by entertainment than the honest and credible evaluation of social issues challenging American culture.For a more credible evaluation of the Columbine tradgedy see psychologist Elliot Aronsen 's book `` Nobody Left to Hate . ''
 At first glance , this `` documentary '' seems very thought-provoking ... until you take the time and view it again and , look into the facts . In the beginning , we 're shocked to see Moore open a CD in a bank and walk out with a gun . Truth is , there was a background check and a waiting peroid ; he could n't literally walk out with a gun . Later , we see a hateful smear campaign against the NRA and Charlton Heston in particular . Moore shows us the aftermath of the Columbine killings interspersed with a defiant Heston coming to Denver to rub the NRA in Colorado 's face . Again , this is n't true . If you look carefully at Heston , you 'll see he 's wearing different clothes during the same speech . The truth is , the NRA cancelled all of their events in Colorado after Columbine except for the board meeting which they had to hold there due to legal reasons . Furthermore , Heston 's speech is actually from a speech he made in Charlotte , NC long after Columbine . Moore goes on to imply that the KKK and the NRA are one in the same . Once again , this is n't true . Both organizations were founded at different times and Charlton Heston was a personal friend of Martin Luther King and played a role in the civil-rights movement . Other lies in this movie are Heston rushing in after the shooting death of a young schoolgirl to hold an NRA rally . Yep , you guessed it , the dates do n't coincide . The lies mount and mount so I wo n't ramble on with all of them but I will point out the end where Moore interviews Heston . If you look carefully at the clock in Heston 's house , you 'll see that the time-lapse is 20 minutes . The interview itself last somewhere around 5 minutes . So , what did Moore edit and splice together to make Heston sound like a hateful , insensitive man ? Too bad Mr. Heston has Alzheimers and ca n't tell his side of the story . It 's also too bad that Moore won such acclaim for this `` documentary . '' This is n't a documentary , it 's mean-spirited , slanderous , revisionist history .
 This movie can be regarded as entertainment and nothing more . Moore claims that an Americans funadamental right to bear arms is the sole reason that two young men murdered twelve young children and injured many more before taking their own lives at Columbine High School . He asserts that the NRA is to blame for this tragedy when in fact psychological factors and previous experieces with other students are more realistic explanations . He mentions nothing about the two assailant 's family life at home . Instead he chooses to place the blame on the federal government , claiming that wars dating back to Korea have created teenage killing machines that populate the country 's public schools . In Moore 's eyes , nearby Lockheed Martin , a major weapons contractor also played a part in the actions of the Columbine shootists . He claims the fact that missiles are made miles away from Columbine High School convinced these young men that it was okay to take the lives of other innocent children . While visiting the brother of one of the Oklahoma city bombers , he makes an unfounded connection between nuclear missiles and hand guns . These types of absurd connections and `` proof '' that guns are ruining this country continue throughout the film . Sensationalistic garbage should not be winning awards , and this film should be taken as nothing more than a joke .
 The apparent success of this non-documentary propaganda film is one of the most compelling affirmations yet of P. T. Barnum 's famous dictum , `` a sucker is born every minute . '' If I had to devise a tag-line for `` Bowling For Dollars '' it would be `` even fat , ugly , unshaven , talentless dropouts can make it in America . `` Do n't waste your time or your money . This one ai n't worth it .
 Muddled and spurious . Most irritating moment is the flash card run through of America 's alleged misdemeanours abroad which were supposed to be accepted on some subliminal level rather than thought about.If you pose the question as to why there is such a high level of gun crime in the States then it might be worth your while looking at the convictions and drawing some conclusion as to the motivations behind them . At one point we are shown a quick collage of video recorded shootings for the purpose of illustrating the point that Americans kill each other rather than examining why . It 's curious that Moore should lambast American imperialism while showing indifference to a foreign audience who may not be familiar with the background story behind the clips . Does n't he care that we might like to know or does he think it 's irrelevant because he merely wanted to point out that guns discharge bullets ? I do recognise the clips , which have been aired in the UK in various documentaries . One was the highway guy who I think was shot by a police marksman . Less familiar was the man trying to shoot a women as she lay screaming on some grass and it was distressing to have been subjected to this while being kept in the dark about why this was happening . The footage of a man in police custody being shot in the head I recall as occuring at a courthouse where the man was about to go on trial for raping the assailant 's child . The motivation of this crime would appear to be revenge then , rather than the catch-all ` fear ' that Moore seemed to be pushing without question . What else would examining gun crime convictions reveal , if he had bothered ? How many gun murders occur during robberies , for instance ? The motivation could be unwillingness to work for a living , rather than fear . Moore questionably states that the poverty issue is the preserve of the left but would n't it be worthwhile talking to the criminals who actually commit crimes rather than scoring political points ? Of course , prisons are full of innocent men , but some are honest about discussing their failings . Knocking on Canadian doors is less illuminating and statistically meaningless , too.I 'm also minded of how television stations in Britain often cancel films that may offend those who have been the recent victims of an air disaster or child abduction , only to show them two weeks later . Likewise with the Heston interview . Is it any more morally acceptable for Heston to cancel his visits to Flint and others mentioned only to arrive at a later date when the victim 's families may be less bereaved ? Moore ducks this question . Why should Moore expect Heston to be held to account for the death of the little girl when Moore himself is a NRA member ? Just because he would n't have been crass enough to show up at the meeting?One of the reasons often put forward in favour of having a gun in every home in the States is to prevent a totalitarian government from oppressing the people after a coup . The film does n't examine this interesting point . After all , it beggers the question as to how , if a totalitarian administration would be unable to impose it 's will on an armed American people , can a democratically elected government enforce the legitimate laws of the land now ? Certainly there seems to be this very problem already with some of the Militias portrayed in the film . A better documentary still awaits on this subject matter .
 I didnt like this . It seemed to slow for me to watch . I threw it in the trash sometime ago
 Apparently , I can use up to 1000 words to describe this film.Not only would that be a waste of my time , -LRB- I wasted enough time watching this detritus -RRB- but I can only think of a handful of words to describe it ... If you are interested ... here goes .1 -RRB- Already used it , but worth repeating ... Abysmal .2 -RRB- Factually incorrect3 -RRB- Bad4 -RRB- Dire5 -RRB- politically motivated -LRB- Now there 's a BIIIIGGGG surprise -RRB- 6 -RRB- ummmm , oh well I cant even bother to waste any moore -LRB- geddit -RRB- time on this ...
 The movie was about Michael Moore making money of others suffering .
 Do n't get me wrong , the movie is great . However , it is the one of the worst documetaries that I have seen . Moore takes pride in spinning things to get what he wants . The very sad thing is that people are ignorant enough to believe him . If you believe `` Bowling for Columbine '' you probably believe that Spinal Tap was a real rock band . Check this site out for the truth on the spin www.bowlingfortruth.com
 Rarely does one see so blatent a piece of propoganda . The segments that seemed even or objective seem more a result of poor discipline than any objectivity . It is full of not only mis-information but it is just plain malicious to those he does not agree with , and rude as heck to some people who 's only crime was being there . This is the cinematic equivelent of letting your hyperactive child loose in the china shop after a case of Jolt soda and a Hershey bar , the man is out of control .
 Anyone see this guy at the Oscars ? This is a prime example why you should never give a microphone to the fat kid that sits in the corner of the room in high school . He made me proud to be a conservative . But anyway , about this home movie
 Well , while it may have some truth scattered about to through you off the scent , this movie stinks of fiction posing as a documentary.Michael Moore is at it again .
 Seems that people think dumb movies are upstanding . Guns are fun for competetion , concealed carry -LRB- which is legal in all but 5 states -RRB- and sport shooting . look at unbiased facts people . Ban guns would cause a backlash . Organized criminals already import machine guns and other types of weapons already banned . Perhaps prosecuting violent criminals is a good idea than more gun control . take a look at europe . guns have been banned for several years , however gun crime has risen 64 % !!!!!!!!!!! AND they are looking at home to make more laws !!! In america , our metality is to ban guns , blame them for the problems created by drugs and alcohol . Why do n't we ban those items ???? Hicks ca n't afford a $ 3,000 custom made competetion handgun . Our media is full of lies and misleading information . All the anti-gunners know absolutely nothing about guns . Just pick up a paper and read about the only thing media knows about guns `` AK-47s '' . Which are n't even fully automatic anyways . YOu need to pull the trigger for one bullet to be fired . Its not automatic.The so called `` assault weapons '' ban will sunset in september . This joke of a ban has no effect ; it banned a few `` scary '' looking guns-all rifles-all semi-auto -LRB- one pull per bullet shot -RRB- . Ban crimimals instead . Use some common sense . If drunk drivers all the sudden say 100 per day in america start killing people with their cars , do we ban the cars or the alcohol , or do we prosecute the criminal ???????????
 ... Opportunistic events in the world to distort , lie and do whatever to get `` the Message '' across ? in this case Michael Moore a Sad Dishonest Elitist Liberal doing more harm for `` the cause '' than good . This Movie is Dishonest at best , And Deceitful at worst.From Sneaking his slimey way into Charlton Heston 's home and taking footage of him at a Republican Rally to making it seem as though Heston and the NRA are the bad guys with dishonest editing . He professes he 's for the little guy while in fact he is ego-driven and money hungry.You have to feel sorry for the left if they think Little Mikey can help their cause . While Chomsky , Mailer , Vidal are slimey leftists , MM seems he 's a Intellectual lightweight , a Little man and A Faux Documentary maker.Sadly the Left never looked so desperate to have this Man -LRB- if you can call him that -RRB- as their own .
 Since I turned off television , 2 years ago and my brain began to regenerate , I began to morph from a consumer into a researcher -- you know the most feared by the corporatites . As I read magazines , op ed pieces , books , and internet sites , I began to discover a whole new world , specifically the New World Order . What is it ? Well , it is plans to put us into a world government top-down structure , not bottom-up structure as we were led to believe we were already living in . You think the United States , you think Democracy . Wrong , no Democracy , and soon to be no United States . If you do n't believe me , turn off your `` reality '' TV shows and start reading or at least listening if you do n't read and very few of us can and do any more.So what 's this got to do with Michael Moore 's highly acclaimed `` Bowling for Columbine . '' AK-47s . Indeed with great horror the leftist gun control hawks -LRB- undercover for the New World Order guys -RRB- says `` All those instruments of mass distraction do , is kill humans and are not necessary to kill those sweet little animals we all know and love to eat . '' So what , so if you have a dictatorship with highly protected body armor , you want a 22 rifle or you want an AK 47 ? It is ridiculous to take a few incidents like Columbine as proof of the need for `` gun control . '' Indeed , the more out-field types of researchers believe incidents such as Columbine and 911 were planned and financed by the New World Order elites -LRB- hidden ever to carefully like the Wizard of Oz -RRB- to provoke rabble roosters to demand a gun-free -LRB- especially AK-47 -RRB- United States . Though , I must admit , Michael did show in the film that the real cause for the violence in the United States is the pitiful horror shows pawned off as television news . To try to condition us to believe , that we are too dumb to have guns in our households where `` children '' might get hold of them is the highest form of idiocy unless our children have all turned into idiots . Growing up in the Texas , our father was known -LRB- from the day I first understood language -RRB- to always keep a fully loaded gun behind most doors . He had a shot gun and several 22s . We had chickens and we ate chickens and so did our friendly neighbors , the raccoons , the possums , and the ring-tail cats . Those neighbors made nightly forays into the chicken house and my father made nightly forays on the neighbors . Awful society , do n't you agree ? Should have had gun control . In Jim Hightower 's book , `` Theves in High Places '' you will well see that our neighbors in `` federal government '' have been raiding our chicken house and rather badly , so I do n't expect we will have many chickens in our pots . So , if a `` liberal '' writer says all those guns are bad , I will automatically know that he is undercover `` raccoon , possum or ring-tail cat . '' With the new American Union already underway with the eventual elimination of our Bill of Rights and Constitution , the protection of the `` right to bear arms , even AK-47s and tanks should be the very first thing we do each and every day from here on until the police and army of any nation switch from gun and bomb fondling to actual peacekeepers who work on managing earth to grow food and forest for everyone , even Iraqis and maybe a little for raccoons too . The other part of our day should be spent in working to vote everyone , I mean , everyone presently in office out of office peacefully , -LRB- after we wrest the voting machines out of Diebold and their cohorts sticky fixed-election corporate voting hands -RRB- except maybe Dennis Kucinich -LRB- though misguided as to the gun issue -RRB- . We should retain those who voted against the war against Iraq or the $ 87 billion grant to Halliburton to `` rejoin what man -LRB- particularly Halliburton man , Dick Cheney -RRB- had set asunder . '' We the People need a defense against a tyranical government . Did n't our founding fathers know that and why do n't we know it today and why do we have to repeat history ? George the England king or George the United States king , ironic , right , just like 911 . Our first way to vote , of course , is to get the attention of executives of the global corporations with our spending habits . Buy at least mininum-wage produced products , write corps , tell them you do n't buy `` Made in China '' at 20 cents a day or why is the item not priced at 25 cents , tell Wal-Mart to put its bullets back in after you do n't buy there , because it is stocked with Made in China , tell Dell and Hewlett Packard you will not use their off-shore tech support , etc. , etc. . Do you think this review will be here tomorrow?So if you have a little money to spend for `` education and/or entertainment , '' after Jim Hightower 's book , start with Meria Heller at Meria.net where she has a book list . You might want to listen to her daily radio show . The only reason the Franken book is number 1 is because it wants to caution us to get rid of our guns . After Bowling for Columbine , I wanted to take a second look at Carlton Heston . Maybe I will spend this evening looking for his speeches and reading some more of the book `` Bush 's Brains . ''
 This film is basically about murder , and an anti-second amendment tone rings throughout . If people are n't using guns to kill others , they would simply use knives , and as far as accidental shootings go , sure that happens . It happens just like any accidental deaths , including any negligence . The answer is not gun control , it is gun education and learning how to properly handle a firearm . You 're never going to get rid of every weapon in the world , weapons were created from people who fear bigger people trying to harm them , weapons act as a deterrent for anyone wanting to harm another . If everyone carried a gun there would be virtually no crime , yes there would be a few more accidental shootings , but the murder rate would plummett . The 2nd amendment guarantees us the RIGHT to keep and bear arms and it shall not be infringed . Gun carry permits arm only to keep track of who has guns should we decide to get rid of them all . I carry a mini copy of the constitution with me , that 's my gun carry permit . This is little more that left wing propaganda used by Moore to make a meaningless point . He uses Charlton Heston , trying to make him feel bad because a little girl was murdered by a handgun at school . As if it were his fault , simply because he is a representitive of the NRA . This load of garbage is also filled with rednecks who have little education , someone Moore can easily disect and make them look like knuckle dragging morons . All in all this is somewhat entertaining if noting else to see Moore at his most ignorant . It harps on the dark side of humanity and preaches on only the bad things which have happened in our great country . He 's just a pessimist who needs direction .
 please see bowlingfortruth.com it will straitin you out on this issue . the movie is a fake . lies all the way . its actually funny how he lies and spins the facts.i am a fan of dockumentarys and there are plenty of facts to support his views so why is it he has to lie ? any way just check it out.www.bowlingfortruth.comthanks a lotenjoy your day.PhiPPs
 I 'm a lib too but I draw the line when Mike marches into the K-Mart headquarters with the paralized victims of the shooting in tow and demands an explanation as to why they sold the bullets.Michael , K-Mart is not to blame . Anyone could have sold those . You 're acting like a trial attorney . Get it together and quit trying to blame those not responsible and for your own personal gain .
 Michael Moore tells a good story , if you do n't mind a liberal fairy tale . Anything Moore puts out needs to be taken with the understanding that he aims his stories for the uninformed masses . The thing that scares him the most is someone who thinks for themselves .
 If you like movies that reinforce your political beliefs , you might like this . If you feel a film should be forced to at least make an attempt to entertain you , then best leave this one on the shelf .
 Unfortunately people seem to mistakenly view Michael Moore as an investigative reporter and the products he produces/markets as documentaries . Nothing could be further from the truth.He embarks on a quest with a closed mind and a definite agenda to portray any given situation in a specific light . The resulting piece is biased , full of distortion , and contains a large number of out of context statements and events that are portrayed in a manner that best suits the message that Mr. Moore is attempting to transmit . It is unfortunate that he does not produce a product that clearly examines the issues in an unbiased and open manner.Mr . Moore 's style of `` Reporting '' or `` Journalism '' is quite clearly a throw back to the days of William Randolf Hearst and the the muckraking yellow journalistic style that actually caused our country to wage war on another nation through the distorted presentation of events , conversations and out-right falsehoods as fact.View this film as `` entertainment '' not as a documentary .
 Michael Moore is talented , compelling and successful . He is a propagandist who takes information , mixes in about 15 percent truth with about 70 percent lies and about 15 percent exaggeration , and passes it off as journalism.STEVEN TRAVERSAUTHOR OF `` BARRY BONDS
 Boy , do I feel dumb spending my money for this poece of trash . I should 've known better knowing that Michael Moore was behind it . The footage and histroical facts of Columbine have been cleverly re-aranged to fit Moore 's leftist propagannda agenda.This does NOT make for a genuine documentary film maker . This video is simply awful NOT RECOMMENDED ! NOT EVEN AS A DOORSTOP .
 I ca n't believe there are people in this world that actually liked this movie . It makes me wonder if they are from planet Earth or just visiting from the planet Horrible Taste in Movies . First off this movie is very inaccurate , so if your looking for both points of view it 's not there . The movie is shot from an extremely left-wing point of view . -LRB- but what did you expect from Michael -RRB- Boring , Boring , Boring ... It was n't even interesting or shocking . It was a long movie with horrible interviews and at one point has Michael carrying on a crusade against K-Mart . K-MART ??? Are you kidding me , who cares?A lame documentary that drags on until the bitter end . Michael if your listening , go back to the little hole you crawled out of and never make another movie please !!!
 Let us all keep in mind that it was possible to create Tolkien 's `` Lord of the Rings '' in a believeable presentation on screen . Entertainment is just that . Laugh , cry , and especially be scared at this one . I beg of all of you who are interested in the political views of this film to read the document that made the United States the greatest , most free and powerful nation in the world
 All of the negative publicity on firearms is misguided . We as a society has lost sight of the criminal himself , and focus now on the tool he uses . Firearms are not to blame . Liberals are . Their nit-picking and stupidity have eroded this county out from under itself . Gun owners should not be blamed or punished for the wronful acts of few . And lets not forget why Columbine happened.Because two kids were being tormented so badly , they needed to strike back . Harsh ? A little . Deserved ? Definetly !
 Moore is such a typical liberal liar . One person mentioned the differences between Candians and Americans . During the black out , New Yorkers were mainly peaceful where in Toronto there were riots and looting . If that 's `` laid back '' I 'd take `` Freaked Out '' any time . Canadians get `` free '' health care ? Wrong again . Your taxes pay for it . That 's not free . Get an education . This `` film '' basically was so bad I returned the DVD claiming it was defective . If they made a movie about killer garden slugs and the liberal media promoted it like this junk , Gullable people would all lock their doors and stay home . Probably put salt around the doors and windows . Stop being so dumb and learn to see the world for yourself instead of relying on twisted opinions of liberal morons .
 Michael Moore 's `` Bowling for Columbine '' is NOT a documentary . A documentary treats a given subject objectively , without editorializing , editing speeches and timelines , or inserting fictional material . The movie is carefully crafted to appeal to your emotions , and at that task it succeeds handily - at the expense of the truth . `` Bowling for Columbine '' is deliberately deceptive . I would have no problem with this film , were it not portrayed as a documentary . It is anything but .
 The big `` pro gun rally '' held in Michigan was actually a Get Out the Vote campaign that Heston spoke at with George W Bush , before the 2000 election . This event was actually 8 months after Kayla Rowland was murdered , but Moore tells us that it was within days of the tragedy . Al Gore was also in the area as well for this Get Out the Vote campaign , but I do n't see any Republicans trying to blame Gore for what happened to Kayla . It was just one stop in a whirlwind trip . Later in the film when Moore interviews Heston , he asks him about the rally in Michigan , only he doesnt ask him why Heston held a `` pro gun rally '' , he asked him why Heston held a `` big rally '' . Maybe just a coincidence , or maybe Moore knew that if he asked Heston about a `` pro gun rally '' in Michigan , Heston would have told him that he never held a `` pro gun rally '' , making Moore look like a fool . Tell me Moore does n't have an agenda throughout this film . Some of you people who soak up all of Moore 's propaganda unquestioningly should do some homework before you praise his film any more .
 I hav n't actually seen this movie , but you do n't have to in order to rate it . Everything made my Mr Moore is rubbish , and I never will watch it.Michael Moore delivers communist propaganda , and therefore gets a minimum score .
 This movie is garbage . Michael Moore is a dangerous liar with a camera .
 I 'm really tired of these one sided perspectives . You see this from both sides of these topics . Where did all of the reasonable people go ? Not the movies .
 I could not sit through the 2 hours plus of the self righteous biased bloated michael moore without being nauseated . please will someone shoot this guy !!!
 Bowling for Columbine , 2003 filmThe film starts by showing a North Country bank in Michigan where a depositor can get a free gun . -LSB- How much money is needed ? -RSB- Michael Moore shows his sense of humor in these opening scenes . Can a dog commit a crime in Michigan ? Moore is incorrect in claiming Gandhi `` beat the British Empire '' , that statement is incomplete . One scene shows a student 's interest in chemistry . Some live news scenes follow , but the film does n't explain them . Recognize them ? Then a short history of US political coups and massacres in foreign countries since WW II . Moore associates the terrorist bombing in Kosovo -LRB- no military objective -RRB- with the shootings at Columbine high school . Next we see Charlton Heston standing up for his right to travel peacefully to an NRA convention . Outside a small group protests the right of the NRA to peacefully assemble ! -LRB- How un-American ! -RRB- Moore shows the views of some students . What does this say about their Educational system ? Next Moore interviews a singer ; is any musician or actor a reliable source of wisdom ? Bowling can be educational , according to these scenes . Moore 's statistics are biased since it does not compare the rates of violent deaths . That frantic cartoon is not historically accurate , a mistake for any `` documentary '' . Killer bees are in fact invading America , along with fire ants.More scenes follow , they are either biased and racist , or , reflect the reality of an oppressed people . Who was blamed when blacks were scarce as in late 19th century American cities ? Some people say crime rate was falling but the corporate media featured crimes in the TV news . Really true ? A producer explains the rationale of the `` Cops '' TV show . Does it reinforce prejudice ? The film shows a small town in Canada ; it has few murders -LRB- like a similar small town in America -RRB- . One good question is why the murder rate is lower in Canada . -LSB- But if it is just about the same as in America , why ask ? -RSB- Small towns in America may have the same unlocked doors of small town Ontario . Creating fear is a well-known method for controlling a subject population.Moore points out how bad economic conditions are reflected in a high homicide rate , but this is not `` news '' for the corporate media . Basically , it tells how poor people are oppressed by having a long commute . Maybe they need public housing located close to their job ? The stunt at the chain store that sold bullets seems unfair , I wonder why that chain later suffered an economic setback ? There is a final interview with Charlton Heston . Moore 's question about the murder rates seems dishonest -LRB- look up these rates for yourself -RRB- . The rate of violent deaths in Canada is similar to the USA . Given Canada 's northern latitude it should be lower . Did Moore drag out the interview to cause Charlton Heston to leave for his next appointment ? If so , was this honest ? Moore is a skilled showman if he can make this collection of scenes into popular entertainment.Documentaries lie on the continuum between news and fiction . Anything real , filmed as it happens , is `` news '' ; except for sports , it is rare on TV . Fiction must appear plausible to be believed by the audience . Documentaries are `` recreations of authenticated facts '' like the nature films on TV . They are created and edited to portray a point of view . Their success depends on the number of consumers who pay , dollars not academic truths . The use of films for propaganda -LRB- a point of view -RRB- follows the use of newspapers , pamphlets , and books . Some are better than others , and age gracefully . Did Moore create scenes by splicing together separate events ? Are speeches taken out of context ? Are events portrayed without their background ? Its all part of Show -LSB- me the money -RSB- Business , the art of getting people 's money in return for telling a story . Does exploiting the Columbine massacre show poor taste by Michael Moore?One Big Lie is that America has more gun violence than other countries . That is as true as saying America has more automobile deaths than other countries . America 's rate of violent death -LRB- suicides and murders -RRB- falls behind France , Switzerland , etc. , and Japan , but just ahead of Canada . Canada 's crime rate was lower before 1977 when they banned handguns ; now it approaches American rates . There is no mention of Mexico , Brazil , or Argentina , who have similar colonial and revolutionary pasts . Any research will reveal these facts , which are usually suppressed in the Corporate Media . If America was such a violent hell on earth there would n't be 3,000 illegal immigrants each day ! They flee `` gun free zones '' like Mexico , El Salvador , and Guatemala .
 Anyone who makes a film and shows columbine security camera footage of LIVE CHILDREN Getting SHOT in the Columbine Cafeteria and hitting the ground to criticize Bush and the NRA definitely has crossed the line . This movie is jaw dropping , and you wont believe how low the director stoops to try and ram his ideas down America 's throat via this movie . The BIGGEST problem i have with the film , is n't the film itself , it 's the fact , the movie is not one that allows you to make your own decision about the issues in the film , you are presented with the Director 's point of view , and no option of forming your own opinion , basically , It 's michael moore 's way or the highway . If the film was n't a Left Wing Radical film , it might have worked , but as an American i like to form my own ideas , not have them crammed down my throat by someone trying to tear down the NRA and the whitehouse through really sad means , like showing kids getting shot at columbine , Sad Sad SAD this filmed stooped so low .
 This one is better than his recent Bush bashing extravaganza , but Moore still fails to solidify the message here . He blanketly compares the USA to Canada and several other countries in terms of gun murders . He never comes right out and blames gun violence on guns , or the media , or anything else for that matter . It is typical liberal propaganda
 Full of so many lies and fabrications it must have been made as a spoof on real documentaries . A total fabrication to advance Mr. Moore 's political agenda . He should reimburse me for the time I spent watching his trash .
 saw this at a halloween party . good place for it . michael moore , and those like him , are the reason John Kerry and any other Democrat can not get elected president . He is an idiot of the first order and extremely subversive to American ideals and principles . when true patriots in the `` party of the people '' disavow mental pygmies like moore , franken , etc , then and only then will we again be a two party system . 1 star is the best i can do for this satirical garbage .
 To keep it succinct , this is utter TRASH ... Only brainwashed braindead hate-filled beings will enjoy this garbage ...
 It 's those damn bullets!We all know this movie is about attacking the Constitution and the few remaining fragments of our right to bear arms.Every Michael Moore movie is unwittingly a documentary on the dangers of `` Super Sizing '' your every hourly meal . Everybody , do n't eat super-sized fast food meals every hour on the hour . It will turn you into a big fat bloated greasy whale and it severely lowers your IQ .
 GOD I HATE THIS MOVIE!AND THIS SO CALLED HOLLYWOOD DIRECTOR , ONLYHOLLYWOOD WOULD GIVE THIS CLOWN AN AWARD FOR WHAT ? LIES AND NONSENSE . DO N'T WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY ON THIS BOMB!WHAT IS GOING ON IN THIS COUNTRY ? ARE PEOPLE REALLY THAT STUPID TO BELIEVE THIS NUT ! I GUESS YOU ARE .
 I finally got a chance to watch this show and was dismayed at the amount of contradictions , hypocrisy and bias that is strewn throughout the movie . Mr. Moore continually asks the question as to why the United States has high gun related crime rate as opposed to other countries . The answer is simple but unfortunately flies in the face of his so called liberalism . The answer Mr. Moore is `` we are not tough enough on crime '' . Until small minded liberals such as Mr. Moore come to that realization then we are forever doomed to continue the vicious cycle . He makes a big deal out of the media putting `` fear '' in our minds and even goes so far as to say that the `` fear '' being imposed by government and mighty corporations who wants us to be afraid so they can be in control and/or make the mighty dollar -LRB- sounds like a crazy conspiracist theory -RRB- . I hate to break it to Mr. Moore but 911 was not some big conspiracy brought about by some big evil money making machine . It was brought to us by people who hate us and want to kill us -LRB- Yes , that includes you Mr. Moore -RRB- . The movie is nothing more then a documentary made by a conspiracy theorist who really is clueless.Scott Eguires
 This guy is a manipulator , and has no right judging America and our Constitution from Canada.He focuses on a 6 year old in this movie , who uses a gun ... in the US over the last 3 years , more children under the age of 6 were killed by drowning in 5-gallon buckets that were left unattended than killed by guns left for them to get their hands on . Yes , all guns should be properly secured , and people who leave them improperly stored and an accident happens should be punished ... BUT WHAT ABOUT THE OWNERS OF 5-GALLON BUCKETS !!! Similarly , we have a newsmedia that preys on catastrophe . The truth is that in the last 5 years , there have been more killings by guns in schools in Europe than in the US . Some countries outlaw guns all together , while others have very strict laws and procedures to go through . Yet more children are killed there than here , but this fruitcake of a grandstanding filmmaker does n't tell the whole truth . `` A well regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free State , the right of the People to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed . `` That 's not a collective right , it 's an individual right . No amount of bad press , media grandstanding , or stupid moviemaking will ever change that . But before you take a position , research the issue , do n't react with your gut -LRB- that 's overinfluenced by TV -RRB- , but rather think with your mind . Research the true statistics , but do n't listen to Michael Moore ...
 What do you do with a Liberal screed from a pompous , college drop-out
 There is no humor from this anit-american humorist . Wheeling a crippled girl into Wal-mart to return the bullets that were in her , demanding a refund was the sickest thing I 've seen in years . This man is out of touch with reality and his lack of intelligent humor leaves much to be desired . Do n't let him make a buck on this tragedy !
 `` The introduction of Bowling is a purported clip from an NRA documentary , announcing that the viewer is about to see a National Rifle Association film . Obviously , Bowling is not an NRA film , and so Moore makes it clear right at the beginning that Bowling is not a documentary -LRB- based on true facts -RRB- , but rather a mockumentary -LRB- based on fictitious `` facts '' -RRB- . It 's a humorous movie , but the biggest joke is on the audience , which credulously accepts the `` facts '' in the movie as if they were true . ... '' ... the audience is left with a smug sense of the pro-gun bank 's folly . Yet just a moment 's reflection shows that there is not the slightest danger . To take possession of the gun , the depositor must give the bank thousands of dollars -LRB- an unlikely way to start a robbery -RRB- . He must then produce photo identification ... `` The genius of Bowling for Columbine is that the movie does not explicitly make these obvious points about the safety of the North County Bank 's program . Rather , the audience is simply encouraged to laugh along with Moore 's apparent mockery of the bank , without realizing that the joke is on them for seeing danger where none exists . This theme is developed throughout the film . `` A montage of U.S. foreign-policy atrocities -LRB- to the tune of `` What a Wonderful World '' -RRB- concludes with the statement that the U.S. gave $ 245 million to the Taliban in 2000-01 . The next shot is of the World Trade Center in flames . `` In fact , that money was not given to the Taliban government , but rather to U.S. and international agencies that distributed humanitarian aid to the people of Afghanistan . ... `` Moore films the over-the-counter purchase , no questions asked , of some ammunition in a Canadian store . The Canadian government has pointed out that such a transaction would be illegal , since the buyer is required to present identification . Moore did not respond to a request from the government 's Canadian Firearms Centre to explain whether he staged a fake purchase , edited out the ID request , or broke the law . ... '' - Dave Kopel 's `` Bowling Truths '' , National Review
 This is the most disgusting thing I have seen . How dare Mr. Moore capitalize on the deaths of men , women , and children of CO. . It is a disgrace that he uses the tragedy of Columbine to gain fame and fortune . It disgusts me to see someone who cares so little for the people of this great country . I did not find this movie funny . I would not recommend anyone to waste his or her time .
 Mr. Moore 's mind is as flabbily-exercised as his body . His findings force him into admitting that though the Canadians have plenty of guns , they do n't shoot people like Americans do.Therefore it 's not the guns , right ? It must be something else , maybe even , dare I say it ? -- evil PEOPLE doing the shootings , not inanimate objects.But in the face of this admission he could n't avoid , Moore keeps his blinders on and steadfastly urges for Americans to keep blaming their guns for crimes , not themselves . Moore 's prejudices win out over his logical thought . Which is what hardcore PC Fascistic liberals tend to be like anyway.Whatever you think about Charleton Heston , Moore was appallingly rude to him . Thus Moore shows himself to be a touchy-feely fascistic barbarian in his personal demeanor towards others . Sure , he sugar-coats his hatred for certain people , but the hatred is there . Boy is it ever . That 's why intolerant people like Moore are called `` PC Fascists '' by thinking people -- the new fascism in America is coming from the left as well as the right , it seems.Moore 's use of statistics is arbitrary and he never gives his sources sufficiently either . This is pure intolerant politically-correct Fascist propaganda .
 I 'm absolutely disgusted by this man and after watching this DVD I must say that he is absolutely obnoxious . He complains about everything while bolstering his wallet and waistline with the money he is making from creating this trash . Save your money buy something good .
 I am a huge fan of documentaries , I have watched hundreds and bought the ones that told there stories with the most skill and passion . A Documentary is a subject put on film to tell a true story , to educate the viewer and to bring the subject to light . That is Why when you watch one you never see the person that is making the film , because that person cares about the subject they are telling and not about making themselves look good . This is not the case for Mike Moore , his name is over the title as if this is a action movie and he is Arnold or Sly there is a picture of him on the cover as if he is the subject and that is pretty much the case . If you go to any store and buy 100 or more documentaries including both of his . His will be the only ones with the film maker on the cover . That 's because the other film makers are promoting the subject matter and not themselves . if you watched them all you would see that on all the others you never see the film maker , butt with Moore 's film that 's almost all you see . The mans ego gets in the way of the story he is trying to tell . Which tells me that like always in Mike Moore 's case promoting him self is more important to him then the subject at hand and that is not a documentary . A extremely poor film .
 The director has some interesting theories in this documentary but presents them in an often simplistic way .
 I 've never seen `` Roger and Me '' , but I did enjoy Michael Moore on the much too short-lived `` TV Nation '' . Unfortunately , in `` Bowling for Columbine '' , Moore is at his least profound and intelligible . -LRB- Thankfully , he bounces back in `` Fahrenheit 9/11 '' -RRB- . Moore basically begins with a simple question , ` why do so many Americans get shot ? ' His answer is less simple , and in fact , gets bogged down in pointless tangents and disingenuousness.For instance , what 's the deal with the slavery sequence ? Is he saying that Americans shoot other Americans because they 're all racist ? I do n't know . In fact , the entire slavery cartoon sequence is glib and downright insulting.But that pales compared to the scene where he shows the planes crashing into the World Trade Centre to the tune of `` Somewhere Over the Rainbow '' . The scene smacks of a college film student trying to be profound . The key word here is `` trying ''
 If this is a documentary , then so is `` Forrest Gump '' . Both took bits and pieces of actual events and manipulated them to suit their own fictional dramatic purposes . Basically , Michael Moore is exploiting a couple of tragedies for his own profit under the guise of having a mission to `` educate '' people . Immoral , unethical , offensive and disgusting . He is arrogant enough to think we will all just fall for it . Sadly , many people will -LRB- and obviously have -RRB- without taking the time to seek out the truth and form their own well-founded opinions instead of blindly accepting the position of some slimy -LRB- and all too successful -RRB- con artist .
 *** Yeah , yeah yah , I 've heard about many of the accusations against this film . I do n't want to hear it anymore . I do n't want to hear about ... -- the missles referred to in the film were for commercial use not military . -- the Heston speech was spliced together from two different speeches , making him look like he 's saying something different . -- the bank sequence is staged . -- the statistics about China 's gun record are true , but that 's because China is a police state . -- Canada is n't really that good of a place to live . -- France is socialist.I 've heard it all before . I do n't care . This was an entertaining movie . I do n't go to the movies to learn ` facts ' I go to be entertained , and that 's what this movie does . Do n't confuse me with ` truth ' vs. ` error ' . Life 's too short for all that.Thank you Mr. Moore for giving us a fun movie that is highly entertaining , and much better than the Matrix !
 This hack is the reason their 's birth control and Lions eat their young . The Guy has no Idea what the American way is but loves to bash it . Moore is so far out in left field he 's not even in the ball park . The Crap in this scab sheet some call a movie is right out of the Liberal/Socialist play book and is so wet with miss information it would not burn if you sprayed it first with Gas . Gun control is the reason crime in England and all other countries that have used it is up a 100 % . If you want to read a book of FACTS read John Lotts
 Perhaps entertaining , but since it is based on pathetic lies now exposed , it can only be considered a joke
 Come on people . His other films as well are trash . The only film that is worth it is canadian bacon . The only reason i hate him , is becuse he is a Demacrat , did you hear his speech . we did n't ask for this war . Who is we mister moore ? I 'm sick of hearing about it . And his books . GET A LIFE !
 Let me summarize the ideas put forward by this `` documentary '' . First all people that own guns are crazy and paranoid members of state militias that sleep with 44 magnums under their pillows . Second the NRA is an evil organization hell bent on the destruction of humanity with weapons of mass destruction . Third there is something rotten in the town of Littleton with missles being shipped overnight while the `` children '' sleep . This is the real reason the columbine shootings occured because of the Lockheed Martin missle plant in that town . I mean if a factory in the town is producing missiles then of course the teenagers arent going to know the difference between right and wrong . And of course what left wing propaganda film would be complete without the notion that white people are evil . Yes white people killed the friendly native americans and took their lands and white people continue to this day to repress black people unfairly portraying them on shows like cops as criminals . GIVE ME A BREAK ! Add to all this a painfully self righteous Micheal Moore and you have yourself 2 hours of one sided , factually innacurate liberal propaganda ... nothing more . I highly recommend you do not waste 2 hours of your life watching this ... learn from my mistake .
 For Adults Only ! Please do not allow a child to see this!I do not like guns . Should n't we learn to use verbal communication before we pull a gun on someone without reason ? Communication can be very effective . There are times when I do wish I had a gun to protect myself inside my home , butcalling the police quickly helps too . I do not get myself in a situation for anger and guns to be needed . Some people use guns under false pretenses , to steal , to injure a human or animal , someone 's pet and sometimes on someone else 's property . People get gun-happy . They want to use a gun . They are obsessed . Perhaps a movie excited them.Like the laws says , `` Use a Gun ... Go To Prison '' . Right on ! Thanks Trey Parker with what you said about how they make you feel bad in high school.WARNING
 I was told before I had seen this movie , that Michael Moore was super-smart and super-funny , and that this was one of , if not the , best movie of the year . He is somewhat funny in this piece , but not too smart -LRB- but he is caring -RRB- . This is one of the worst films of the year . If you want to see a great film , watch `` The Pianist . '' This doc . starts out in an amusing fashion , but disintegrates into some ill-founded ideological crusade against everyone and everything American . Canadians do n't lock their doors because they are not afraid , like Americans are , is what Moore discovers ... Amusingly enough , every Canadian Moore talked to had been burgled at one time or another . Maybe the ` door-locking ' principle is not so bad after all . The doc . loses almost all credibility at the point when the cartoon `` A Short History of America '' starts . After that , it 's Moore versus the world -LRB- or America -RRB- and no one is sure why or towards what purpose -LRB- except that he does n't want little kids killed , which no one wants except psychos -RRB- . His ` ambushes ' of Dick Clark , Charlton Heston , and K-Mart are pitiful in Moore 's attempts to tug at your heartstrings to push home his point , which is simply that he does n't want little kids killed by guns . This could have been a powerful documentary on a sensitive and serious subject . `` Bowling for Columbine '' is not it .
 Just because they used actual film footage does n't stop this from being a work of fiction . This is a classic example of tailoring your selection of facts and presentation to fit an agenda.Mr . Moore would probably not appreciate having the same tactics used on him.To use his own words ... `` Shame on You '' ...
 ~ As a Canadian living in the United States , I was very interested in Mr. Moore 's bizarre and extremely dishonest portrayal of the Canadian experience . There was a worse mass shooting than Columbine in my home town of Montreal about fifteen years ago
 All you people who gave this movie five stars , are you really that lemming like ? Do you take as gospel everything Moore tries to argue in this movie ? There are so many holes in his arguments , whole web sites are dedicated to exposing them . To wit : - Chartle Heston did not `` rush '' into either shooting location to host NRA meetings . The first in Columbine was scheduled a year in advance and after the shooting , all events except board of directors voting were canceled . The second `` rally '' was footage from a get out the vote meeting , not an NRA meeting . - Moore combined three Chartle Heston speeches , months after the Columbine shooting , to make him appear uncaring . - The Clan was formed in 1866 , not 1871 , the year the NRA was formed . The Clan being declared illegal in 1871 had nothing to do with the NRA . - Lockhead Martin manufacturing plan near Columbine does not produce `` weapons of mass destruction '' but rockets to launch satellites into space . - The opening plot of Moore getting a free gun from a bank was staged , as both New York state law , where Moore 's from , and Michigan state law require a waiting period to aquire any fire arm.I could go on and on . How you people conintue to blindly quote the gospel according the Moore and ignore his long-since exposed lies is beyond me.As for this movie , I will not see it after having sceptically read his `` Stupid White Men '' then saw all the holes poked through that . too . Wake up America . Moore hates this country , Bush even more , and will twist the truth to pull as many suckers into his fantasy world as possible.Hate Bush if you must , just do n't do so for the many inaccurate reasons that Moore gives . His credibility was shot long ago .
 This documentary was completely disgusting . I do n't think this man has any real convictions or respect for the subject matter he covers or for his audience . Everything he does and says is simply for effect . There is n't a shred of integrity in his work . It 's not his `` opinions '' I 'm attacking , I truly do n't believe he has a single well-formed one . He is entertaining now and then , but beyond his ability to make a clown out of himself , and those he interviews he has no merrit . He never makes a firm statement , only allusions . He never approaches anyone in a straightfoward matter , but elbows his way into conversation with them and then cross examines them in a no-win fashion . There are people out there who risk everything to expose the truth . This man is a total parody of those people and should be ashamed . Especially ashamed for exploiting the tragic shooting of an innocent child .
 Pure waste of money . It sells as a `` documentation '' but is nothing but a big huge lie . If there was common sense on this earth that guy should have his Oscar revoked .
 This film is very well written , filmed , and produced , but is filled with glaring factual problems . Continually contradictory , the common thesis that the lack of social programs in this country contribute to gun violence.Michael Moore uses sappy music , and saavy editing to pull at the heartstrings while totally disregarding facts.One such misleading fact is the number of gun murders he states . While our gun deaths are much higher than countries like Germany , France , or Canada , it is actually smaller per capita according to FBI statistics.Also , he takes only homicides for countries like Germany and Canada , but lumps justifiable shootings -LRB- cops shooting bad guys -RRB- , and accidental deaths for the United States.He blames the United State 's welfare to work program for the shooting death of 8 year old Kayla Rolland by a classmate . He says the welfare to work program made the shooter 's mother work , instead of stay home with her child.He fails to point out that the boy lived in a known crackhouse , where numerous weapons were readily available along with drugs and passed-out drug addicts.These are two of dozens of facts that mislead . This movie is an entertaing work of FICTION . Well written , but factually flawed .
 As a person stongly against guns , I was eager to see this movie , especially after the Academy Award win . After watching , I was eager to use the ammo against my pro-gun friends . I luckly bothered to do some of that crazy research stuff prior to speaking to the points in the movie.It was quickly apparent that Moore first found a belief then created video and numbers to justify his belief . The actual numbers are of course enough to make a strong anti-gun arguement , but rather than use facts , Moore just chooses to lie . Some quick Google searches will allow you to prove this to yourself , but if you do n't feel like doing any work , just check out http://www.hardylaw.net/Truth_About_Bowling.html.Note to Moore
 I am a native Coloradan and I attened a high school very close to Columbine and a Junior High right across the street from Columbine and I noticed several blatant lies about this `` documentary . '' It made it seem like Littleton was just a place where they hash out war machines leaving children to face some Lord Of The Flies like reality . It made it seem as if Lockheed Martin made the town into some kind of Hans Scorpio evil village . It 's not like that at all , it is one of the few suburbs where you can see children playing in the street and if anything would be a Stepford Wives like community if put in a negative light . You do n't see missles passing by on the highway like he claims , and the stuff about NORAD and the Air Force Academy affecting the way people in Littleton think is rediculous . It 's over an hour and a half away and I know Colorado Springs natives that are n't even aware that those things are even there . Those things are very far removed from day-to-day life , it would be like saying that something in Los Angeles affected the children in San Diego . Southwest part of Denver is also a really liberal place ; it 's not the NRA gun toting wild west as it is portrayed in this.Also there were things in there that made it seem like he was putting words in people 's mouths , especially the Marylin Manson interview where it was made to seem like he was being respectful of the families and canceling his Denver performance . THAT IS N'T EVEN CLOOOOSSEEE to how it was . Kids who listened to Marylin Manson and KMFDM were taken a back by this so much that they would n't broadcast that they liked them because there was the inevitable witch hunt that proceeded the events . Nobody would have purchased tickets that soon , no concert promoter would TOUCH a Marylin Manson concert at that time . I 've noticed in all of his documentaries he capitalizes on poor decisions made right after troubling and confusing events , waits until everyone forgets and then swoops in . In the first few days after 9/11 people were acting very irrationally , which is 100 % natural given the onset confusion and hostility that comes from that . I will let anyone who did n't feel any sorrow , any hostility , and any fear cast the first stone if you disagree . You ca n't film drunken guys at a bachelor party and say that 's the kind of people they always are . I 'm also saying you ca n't vilify or iconize people who are simply protecting their own interests .
 I think Moore asks some good questions , makes some interesting suggestions -LRB- though I would 've liked to see them developed more -RRB- , and does most of it in an entertaining fashion . However , the tactics that he pulls during the last bit of the film are , in my opinion , a shameful misuse of the camera and of the documenter 's power . I speak specifically of the K-Mart , Dick Clark , and Charleton Heston scenes.To take one example , just think about the Charleton Heston `` interview . '' From the beginning of this interview , Moore is -LRB- pathetically -RRB- trying to bait Charleton Heston in some way . As Heston walks away , Moore delivers a disingenuous appeal to moral sensitivity -- as if he was simply -LRB- and innocently -RRB- thinking an apology from Heston might make the world a better place . Give us a break . In truth , Moore is using a technique from his fairly limited repertoire -- namely , the attempt to vilify people he does n't like . Here Moore was face-to-face with the NRA-head-honcho himself , and do we get a serious dialogue about gun control ? No , only Moore 's cheap theatrics.In logic , there is a fallacy called the `` Ad Hominem fallacy '' ; it occurs when you attack the person presenting the argument instead of the argument itself . I think something similar is being done by Moore in this film . For all I know , Dick Clark and Charleton Heston MAY be old , compassionless , rich , white men -LRB- as Moore seems to insinuate -RRB- , but what bearing does that have on the issues of welfare and gun control ? -LRB- However , I must add
 I do n't understand how anyone could sit through this whole movie without falling asleep . Seriously , I do n't know what you 've heard or read about this movie but it is soooo bad . Michael Moore gets off on thinking he 's in the know about everything . His interviews are lame and bland and the whole movie is shot from an extremely far-left liberal perspective . The editing does n't flow smoothly and the information he 's revealing is n't shocking or really that interesting . I 'd be happy if Michael Moore never got in front of a camera again . If you 're a tool , you 'll probably love this movie .
 Mike Moore is the master of telling half-truths , misrepresenting issues , and promoting his immoral agenda , and all in the name of `` comedy '' and `` documentaries '' which apparently he feels are the same thing .
 When you take into consideration that Moore may lose his Oscar because this movie is interlaced with fallacies and blatant inaccuracies , I suggest keeping your money rather than spending it on this work of fiction . It has already been disclosed as fact that Moore
 I ca n't see how the anti-gun movement is anything less than yet another radical feminist assault on the alpha male . I mean , let 's face it , women do n't own guns , do n't use guns , do n't want to have anything to do with guns . This comes in sharp contrast to the relationship men have with guns where firearms are seen as items of recreation , tools of security , a safety insurance for them and their loved ones . This sense of safety , security , and perhaps even empowerment amongst men is something the feminist movement absolutely WILL NOT tolerate . Every man must be emasculated because if a feminist were being robbed in her home or on the street and a man -LRB- say perhaps a boyfriend , husband , or father -RRB- came up and blew the robber away this feminist would have a hard time justifying her crackpot ideology . And of course the magnum opus of the Flower Power generation was that ideas never need to be justified so long as we feel `` sincerely '' about them . This has very little to do with guns and everything to do with feminist attempts to correct male behavior . They 'd want to take swords and sheilds away if we had them.Not suprisingly the already passified and waif Michael Moore had no qualms about reflecting these views in his film which is quite suprising given that Moore himself grew up in Kent , Michigan , a town where street gangs and other scum keep the citizenry in a constant state of fear . This is hardly anything new for urban America where women ca n't walk down the street at night , where adults ca n't even correct wild teenagers in public for fear of being pistol whipped.Of course Moore presents no solutions to these problems but the idea that the police , given enough time and money , would be able to get things under control is always assumed . And that 's exactly what this boils down to
 please dont waste your precious time about watching this crappy documentary about the problems of gun control which seems like biased and one sided reporting to me.avoid
 I would say before I got involved in firearms , that I really did n't have much of an opinion on gun ownership . I figured what people did was their own business and that it did n't affect me.As I started reading more into Columbine , I saw Michael Moores documentary called `` Bowling For Columbine '' and I had remembered seeing his film on Flint , Michigan when I was in highschool . I figured the documentary was going to be about Columbine , not about gun culture . Either way , the documentary started off pretty good and I could n't really tell the direction it was headed . The direction of the film sounded like it was criticizing American culture rather than guns until the film compared us to Canada and the rest of the world how `` similar '' we were . The problem is , Moore makes the assertion that somehow Canada and the rest of the world are safehaven utopias where you can reside with your doors unlocked with a low number of murder statistics . What he fails to mention is the size of our country and many of the issues that are a result of it.Take in account Canada , a population of 32,984,700 in 2007 . The US has a population of 302,213,000 . Population wise , we are going to have more homocides . What Moore failed to state was that Canada while they may have gun registration is that before it was ever implented into Canada , the murder rates have been unchanged for the most part and crime has actually increased . Does this signify that guns were never the problem in Canada to begin with ? The same applys for the United Kingdom , before handguns were outlawed , the murder rate and gun crime was actually lower than it is now . While the European nations may have supposed `` low '' murder rates , gun ownership rates really have nothing to do with it but rather what fuels violence.In the US for example , much of our crime is black on black crime , gang warfare , the drug trade , and illegal aliens coming into this country . Actually 20 percent of our prison population are illegal aliens . The folks killing each other are not law abiding gun owners.Moore also fails to mention how some of the most violent nations are those that actually have some of the most strict gun control laws in effect . Mexico , South Africa , India , Russia all have much higher murder rates than our country yet they have very strict laws pertaining to who can actually have a gun legally.Overall the movie was nothing more than propaganda meant to look like a sceptical view of gun ownership . I was rather dissapointed with the film . I 've watched it 3 different times to try and get an understanding from Michaels point of view but I think that the Bowling For Columbine dvd I purchased on ebay will make better use for skeet shooting .
 I would expect an award winning documentary to not be so incredibly one-sided and full of short sighted views on topics that the director twists and turns into something cicumstancial to warp the minds of easily swayed -LRB- or should I say `` open '' -RRB- minds . Yes , Michael Moore , it is your right to voice your viewpoints , but why should any of us care to listen to them when they are too skewed to be thought of as educational enough to be the topic of a documentary .
 I am all for creative artistry , but to create a blatant work of fiction and label it as true?We may live in fictious times as moore claim but he is part of it rather than the champion of thoose alleging to want the truth.couple things , you can not go to the bank and recieve a firearm , you make the deposit and they give you a certificate which you take to a federally licensed dealer who will then do the appropriate paperwork and NIC check and if you pass you then get the firearm . Healthcare is not free in Canada , I know a Canadian who loses exactly half of his income to the government for these `` free '' services.It seems to me that this sloppy unwashed `` artist '' did indeed srtike a nerve , for those like myself this film is an outright attack on the conservative right . there is nothing wrong with that except for some reason they decided it was a documentary , I think a more appropriate term would be a video essay .
 I get drunk too often to have a gun around the house .
 While this film has been hailed as a great documentary , it is anything but . I originally went along with it and actually believed he was presenting honest and truthful information , but only giving his side of the story . Since this however , an overwhelming amount of information has been uncovered that has shown that Mr. Moore went out of his way to decieve his audience and flat out lie . For one , pieces of video of several different NRA meetings were edited together to make it appear to be a single meeting and creating an effect that he desired to `` prove '' his point . The factory that produced the `` weapons of mass destruction '' made rockets to send satellites into space . Much information is left out about the NRA 's meetings in Colorado and Michigan , as well as lies being produced about them . The list is nearly endless . For more information , check out www.moorelies.com . This is just one source among many . Just thought it may be a good idea to check some facts before mindlessly believing the stuff Michael Moore spits out . Hopefully , this will result in intellectual and rational discussion over these issues -LRB- regardless of which side `` wins '' -RRB- , rather than lies and deception in trying to make people believe what you believe .
 I could n't care less that Mr. Moore is anti-gun . My advice to him would be to protest by not buying or possessing a firearm . What does bother me is his distorting , telling half-truths , his manipulating audio and video to make things appear truthful , and other times just flat-out lying to make others believe what he 's presenting as fact.In the `` film '' , Moore attempts to portray the NRA -LRB- yes , I 'm a proud , dues paying member -RRB- as cold and heartless for coming to Denver after the Columbine shootings for , as he puts it , a `` large pro-gun rally '' . This is misleading . In fact , all rallies , dinners , sporting events , etc. were canceled out of respect for victims ' families . The only thing that took place was an annual members ' meeting which was required to be held under corporate law . At the same meeting , Moore takes the snipets of a Charlton Heston speech and puts them in the order that he wants . Heston is reading a letter from the mayor of Denver asking that the meeting be cancelled . Heston is shown to reply , `` Do n't come here ? We 're already here . '' Again , this is meant to make the NRA look defiant , cold , and heartless . However , Moore leaves out the part where Heston is saying that there are already scores of NRA members living in the Denver area . `` We 're already here '' , refers to them . But playing the speech the way it was originally delivered does n't make Heston look like a cold-blooded monster , so Moore had to make changes.The next lie centers on the young girl that was shot near Flint , MI . Again , Moore states `` Just as he did after the Columbine shooting , Charlton Heston showed up in Flint , to have a big pro-gun rally . '' Never one to leave out unimportant facts , Moore fails to mention Heston was in Flint eight months after the shooting for a `` get out the vote '' rally . Vice-President Gore was also in the area at that time for the same purpose but Moore apparently found that acceptable.The cartoon comparing NRA members to KKK members is also pure nonsense . The NRA was founded in 1871 -LRB- five years after the KKK -RRB- by Union officers who were supportive of the rights of black citizens . In fact , eight of the first ten NRA presidents were former Union veterans including President U.S. Grant . Teddy Roosevelt was also a life member.Finally , the interview with Heston in his home by Moore was particularly underhanded , in my opinion . Moore presents himself as an NRA life member , which helps him gain entrance into Heston 's home . Perhaps Heston made a disagreeable comment or two , but Moore still takes advantage of a man in the early stages of Alzheimer 's disease . Moore takes advantage of the fact that Heston has a foggy memory of the events by continuing to act as if Heston came to Flint soon after the six-year-old girl was shot . Just like his final act of placing the picture of the girl at Heston 's door , the entire visit was a play for the cameras . Moore apparently has no shame.No one was a bigger fan of Roger and Me when it was released and I enjoyed `` TV Nation '' when it played on NBC in the mid-90 's . Moore showed that he genuinely knew about the topics in Roger and Me which concerned the loss of good manufacturing jobs and corporate greed . He should return to that theme if he has to lie to play the role of gun grabber . Like I said before , Moore is entitled to his opinion about firearms or anything else . It does n't bother me that he does n't like guns . His attempts to influence others through lies and deception does .
 I gave `` Roger and Me '' 5 stars , but I think this is a much lesser effort from Michael Moore.First , here is what makes Roger and Me great
 I know I 'm gon na get dinged for berating this , but please hear me out . I saw this movie with an open mind and afterwards , I did my research and found too many inconsistancies and falicies in Moore 's movie Bowling for Columbine.First off , he does n't cite any sources what so ever during the movie , in the credits , or anywhere else for that matter . And in documentaries , you cite sources otherwise your `` facts '' and `` anecdotes '' are just another story.Seccond , I was not impressed with how pushy he was . He came off as a jerk by pressing a mic right in front of Dick Clark 's face without an appointment and expected an interview where and when he wanted knowing Clark would have to decline and would be in a hurry.He also placed -LSB- a store -RSB- in a PR nightmare and exploiting the survivors of the shooting at Columbine to further his own agenda . I think that is cold hearted and he does it on film ! Such -LSB- manipulation -RSB- and exploitation only made me more sick to my stomache , knowing Moore can go up to anyone , point a mic in front of their face and either make them do what he wants , or face the PR consequences.Third is his questionable `` facts . '' ... This makes me take off a star because a documentary should have irrefutable facts , or claim them as theory , and since Moore did not state them as theory and his facts have inconsistancies so I 'm very skeptical about his work.However there were some entertaining parts , like his humor . I laughed a few times but it was n't enough to make me like it . All in all this movie is too questionable to be considered a work of art .
 Moore people should know the truth about Michael Moore . None of his Documentaries contain any real research . they should be considered fiction . On July 28 , 2003 on The Wall Street Journal 's Opinion Journal web site KAY S. HYMOWITZ wrote . `` Bowling for Columbine '' opens in a branch of the North Country Bank , with Mr. Moore supposedly receiving a free gun in exchange for opening an account . At the end of the scene , he asks a bank employee , `` Do you think it 's a little dangerous handing out guns in a bank ? '' before he runs out with the gun in his hand to the beat of a punk rock tune . It is a dazzling opening , full of energy and Strangelovian absurdity . The only problem
 Michael Moore 's `` Black Box '' politics ruined this film.It could have been truly great.Instead , the film is ridden with deceit and quasi-truths . Never was this more evident than in the segment of NRA president Charlton Heston where dubious timing and creative editing declassify this film to a vanity flick for Michael Moore and a mockumentary for us.Hollywood should seriously consider taking back his Oscar and and give it to someone who made a real documentary in 2002 !
 This movie is actually work of FICTION . It is the delusional work product of a malcontented Maoist director - Michael Moore . Moore works perverse a `` magic '' by cutting and pasting unrelated video clips to create scenes that never happened in reality.Sadly , Moore never lets the viewer know when he his making up scenes with his editing tools . The viewer , therefore , is left believing falsehoods .
 For a critical analysis of this work , please visit www.hardylaw.net/Truth_About_Bowling.html . `` Bowling is fiction . It makes its points by deceiving and by misleading the viewer . Statements are made which are false . Moore leads the reader to draw inferences which he must have known were wrong . Indeed , even speeches shown on screen are heavily edited , so that sentences are assembled in the speaker 's voice , but which were not sentences he uttered . Bowling uses deception as its primary tool of persuasion and effect . '' `` Moore 's fabrication here can not be described by any polite term . It is a lie , a fraud , and a few other things . Carrying it out required a LOT of editing to mislead the viewer , ... ''
 I feel Roger & Me was one of the most important films made about the crime that corporate America committed and is still committing against the working class . Now Moore is becoming a caricature of himself . The blue-collar look that worked well for Roger & Me is clearly phony facade . Moore 's cynicism and just plan meanness at times has no home in working class America . It is liberal Hollywood all the way .
 The problem with Michael Moore is that he is agenda driven . His facts ca n't be relied upon . Although I 'm an advocate of gun control , I wish Michael Moore would leave the subject alone . He does more to hurt our cause via name calling and sensationalizing .
 I do n't know what to say , but this was a complete waste of my two hours . There was absolutely no point to this `` documentary '' . Moore has offered his audience nothing new to the gun debate . Moore , whom I enjoyed on T.V. nation , has really lost his focus . What was the whole point of him going to missile manufacturer ? How 's that revelant to the debate ? Was it cool to pick on a guy who is suffering from Alzheimers ? Heston may be the figure head of an organisation that is odious to the far left wing , but he is still a human being and deserves some respect and compassion.I belive Moore is just using his position to get rich ! All I ever see him doing now is railing against white males . Does he actually have any solutions ? Anybody can pick apart an administration , or the ills of society . It is something quite different to actually propose solutions .
 Well , where to start tearing into this load of garbage is the tough part . As many of my fellow reviewers pointed out , this film has ABSOLUTELY NOTHING TO DO WITH REALITY . Mike plays with facts , mocks innocent working class people and basically produces a warped view of the history of American gun laws and the nature of random violence . Mike 's not-so-subtle manipulation of images should be obvious to even the most casual film fan.Moore never interviews criminologists , psychologists , or social workers on the topic of violence . Instead Moore turns to the air-headed Marilyn Manson for insight on the horror at Columbine . To interview experts would only get in the way of Mike 's thesis which is
 When many people hear the term , `` documentary , '' they assume that the film is absolutely factful and truthful , thanks in part to the excellent efforts of The History Channel . But , in this case , I think those people have been duped . `` Bowling for Columbine '' deals with an issue that is so large and complex that it can not be successfully dealt with in a movie of any length . There are so many variables involved in gun violence that any gun-control documentary must delete , generalize or distort the information beyond accuracy , truthfulness and usefulness to society . Consider just a small sampling of the possible variables that an accurate , reproducible scientific study would have to include :1 -RRB- population density -LRB- urban vs. rural areas-many more people own guns in rural areas , yet most gun-violence occurs in the metropolitan areas -RRB- 2 -RRB- racial/ethnic violent crime rates -LRB- most gun violence is due to underage gang bangers from black , latino and other minority ethnic groups -RRB- 3 -RRB- the effect of literally thousands of different gun control laws affecting thousands of jurisdictions -LRB- walk from one city to the next and the gun control laws change -- what effect does this have on criminals ? -RRB- 4 -RRB- gender/age/income differences in the crime rates -LRB- lower income young black males are the most violent , upper income elderly white females the least violent -RRB- 5 -RRB- ownership/legality of weapons used -LRB- most gun crimes are committed by repeat offenders with stolen guns -RRB- 6 -RRB- what about the estimated 2 million times a year guns are used to prevent crimes?and the list goes on -- any documentary that addresses gun control accurately and truthfully would literally be years long!Michael Moore , in order to add more emotional influence to his documentary , selectively presented just a tiny fraction of the variables involved in studying gun control , just to support his particular point of view . Think about it -- Charlton Heston is only one person -LRB- a leading figure of a large organization -RRB- ; he in no way is an accurate statistical representation of the millions of gun-owners -LRB- law-abiding and criminal -RRB- in America . Likewise , a few striking examples of gun violence -- no matter how tragic -- are n't enough to draw an accurate conclusion about this huge issue . This is unacceptable behavior from a documentary maker and does a great injustice to the now-misinformed people of America . `` Bowling for Columbine '' is the sort of emotionally-charged fluff that is perfect for the outspoken rabidly-anti-gun Hollywood elite to use to strengthen their unscientific point of view .
 This DVD was so full of lies and misrepresentation of facts , it 's no wonder Mr. Moore has become the new golden child of the far-left ; he fits right in with the crowd . For example , he implies that the NRA 's convention in Denver was scheduled after Columbine happened - the fact is that it was scheduled far in advance . Mr. Moore completely ignores another fact
 Seriously ... people ... the purpose of a documentary is to display the facts surrounding a certain period in history or an event or theory . Some would say to DOCUMENT the event , as a solid and complete explanation of the happenings . This is NOT a documentary . Michael Moore does a very good job putting some information together pertaining to gun control/violence in America , however , to take all of the information as the hard truth is just ignorant.Moore does a VERY good job of editing interviews , voiceovers , thoughts and images to get the effect he wants on his viewers . Example
 It is quite good propaganda filmmaking , I freely admit . But it is highly deceitful . If you do n't believe me then check out http://www.spinsanity.org and , no it is not some `` whacko attacko '' site . The people there are as likely to criticize rightists such as President Bush , Rush Limbaugh , and Ann Coulter as they are people like Michael Moore . In fact , spinsanity.org is coming out with a book critical of President Bush in August called `` All the President 's Spin
 For a critical analysis of this work , please visit www.hardylaw.net/Truth_About_Bowling.html . Several reviewers have called Bowling for Columbine an `` eye opener . '' Try this and open them a little wider .
 I agree with Weston Kathman ; this is just more half truths and ajenda before reason . I dont want more ego-centered propaganda , I want the truth . And I also agree that he should not be profiting off of tragedy . Lets face it if he were not stretching the truth and making sensational claims but was balanced and factual he would not be this well known . The narrow road to truth will always be difficult and vacant .
 Waste of my time ... documentary ? Hardly . I think Moore is the fool of the century . I used to respect him as a filmmaker , but now you could n't pay me to watch anything this person generates given his stretch of truths which I can understand and respect if he would n't go and tout his work as factual . Had this been an accurate accounting of events , it would then be classified as a documentary .
 THE MOST DISTURBING THING ABOUT READING THESE REVIEWS IS THAT PEOPLE KEEP CALLING THIS A DOCUMENTARY . DOCUMENTARIES HAVE FACTS . THIS MOVIE IS NOTHING BUT A BUNCH OF LIES STRUNG TOGETHER WHICH USES A TRAGEDY FOR MOORE 'S PERSONAL GAIN ! WHAT A CREEP ! IF YOU WANT THE TRUTH ABOUT GUNS , GET A BOOK BY JOHN R. LOTT OR GARY KLECK FROM AMAZON .
 I am one of those life members of the NRA some of you are talking about . I 'm also a life member of the Texas State Rifle Association . I 've never broken a law . I am a member of a pistol and rifle club and I know those people well . They are not crazy criminals either . Would you like Michael Moore to make a documentary that twisted the truth and lied about something you love?Don ' t focus your evidence to state your case on fringe groups and radicals just to envoke emotion , by using that logic you would be able to state that anyone who rides a motorcycle is a drugged out member of a radical motorcycle gang and therefore all motorcycles should be banned to stop the spread of violence and crime that these gangs have been attributed with doing . Should we ban cars because some people drink and drive and kill people?Just because you enjoy having the right to own the gun you want does not make you a crazy criminal . I have shot hundreds of thousands of rounds over the years and I have never ever gone on a killing rampage nor have I ever had the desire to do so . The NRA is not some evil empire . It is a political action group that was formed to protect our rights from people who , because they think they know best , would like to limit what I can and can not purchase and own . Check out www.clintongunban.com to get the truth.The NRA would n't have power unless they had members and it looks like they have a lot of members . When you talk about taking power away from the NRA , you are saying you want to take mine and many others voices away in politics . I bet you would n't like it if someone made a movie and lied about the ACLU -LRB- although they would n't have to lie about those nuts -RRB- just to try and destroy them.I own lots and lots of guns and even more ammo . I 've left my guns unlocked many , many times and guess what ? They never jumped up and loaded themselves and shot someone . Those kids in Columbine pulled the triggers . They broke the law not the NRA.I have a concealed handgun license as well . I 'm willing to bet that if we were all eating in a resturant and some crazy criminal came through the door with illegally obtained firearms blazing away , you would come over and shake my hand and thank me after I put a bullet between the guys eyes . Criminals are going to get guns if they want them . The only thing that so called `` gun-control '' does is take them out of the hands of honest citizens . Use your mind a little bit people . -LRB- ... -RRB- I lived in a country that denied its citizens the right to own and carry firearms for three years while in the Navy . Guess what ? The criminals still had firearms and were more bold when they decided to rob you because they knew the honest people had no way of defending themselves . Bad guys will always have guns . Protect your right to have guns or face the future empty handed and at the mercy of criminals .
 This movie is a rabid attack on our Constitutional Rights , especially the Second Amendment , and an affront to any Real American who bothers to keep up with any part of this subject matter .1 . The charge that the N.R.A. is in anyway allied with the KKK is an absolute lie and such a ... fabrication that the F.B.I. laughed at the idea when Sarah Brady and her gun thieves suggested an investigation was needed .2 . The reference to the idea that one of the perpetrators was influenced by his father 's working for a military contractor is an absolute lie . In fact , the company in question is a commercial endeavor one of whose main projects is converting Titan II military boosters into civilian satellite launch vehicles -LRB- the ultimate in Swords into Plowshares technology -RRB- !!! 3 . Charlton Heston is shown making a speech supposedly somewhere near Columbine -LRB- ... -RRB- ; when , in truth , said speech was made A FULL YEAR LATER AND OVER 900 MILES from Columbine ! ... If this farce actuall WINS an Academy Award , it could well mean the beginning of the end of intellectual civilization as we know it !!!
 Mikey Moron says President -LRB- HERO -RRB- Bush is a bad president . GUESS WHAT MIKEY ? GO BACK TO EATING FOOD ALL DAY LONG Y0U FAT IDIOT . Bin laden is your best friend stupid MORON . AL -LRB- ARAB TRAITER -RRB- FRANKLIN and all the LIARS LIBERALS are hoping that the terrorists win against PRESIDENT BUSH . GUESS WHAT ? Why dont you go live with SADDAM in jail so you can be lazy and take drugs all day IDIOTS . GET OUT OF AMERICA WE DONT WANT YOU HERE . This movie is a bunch of LIES ABOUT PRESIDENT BUSH beacuse he is a CHRISTIAN and the LIBERAL TRAITERS ARE STUPID ATETISTS . GET OUT OF AMERICA STUPIDS ! ZERO STARS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Moore is just another 60 's left over doing his best to be clever . This film is about as exciting as a Greatful Dead record . Save your money !
 As a fictional movie , it was great . But it came short on any facts . Just a spewing of liberal trash . This movie is full of fictional characters , portrayed by actors .
 The main reason I did not enjoy this movie is that I resented Mr. Moore 's attempt at passing obvious propaganda off as obvious truth . Movies such as his seem to always have a predetermined agenda , to the extent that if this were fiction , the plot would be paper-thin . His editing and attempts at appearing objective I found insulting to my intelligence.I do n't necessarily disagree with his politics . Freedom of speech is one of the greatest things about our country , and I enjoy hearing a wide variety of opinions . However , this movie only presents one opinion , Mr. Moore 's . Even the humorous moments of the film were offensive , as if they were a cunning attempt to get you to suspend belief as you would with a fictional film.The other things I dislike about this movie and other works of his as of late are his anti-American tone . I 'm not saying everyone has to love America . But the last I checked , there is no utopia . I do n't find his lop-sided propaganda as anything remotely constructive.Finally , I am cautious all forms of propaganda . Much of the evil of the past century was born of propaganda and listening to just one side of the story . So here is my recommendation
 `` By the end of BOWLING FOR COLUMBINE , my overall sense is that Moore is obviously a bleeding heart liberal of the most dangerous kind . Clever , manipulative , a `` guilty '' white apologist who fails to look at the big picture -LRB- pardon the pun -RRB- in order to expound his disjointed theories as to why more people in the United States die by gunfire each year than in any other country . Moore plays fast and loose with some of his facts , which sure makes for an interesting two hours , but again , his cynicism and combative tactics -LRB- veiled by an obsequiously polite demeanor -RRB- wear a little thin.A sticker on the DVD suggests that Moore 's now infamous Oscar speech is contained in the disc -- which it is -- recited three weeks later by Moore sitting at a picnic bench -- but do n't look for the actual footage , since the Academy would not allow Moore to exploit the footage in order to help him sell a few DVD 's . In other words , do n't be duped again -- this time by the disc packaging.That brings to mind another spin that Moore the revisionist attempts to inject on the matter of the Oscar debacle . Now this is entertaining fiction.Moore claims that he was first booed for inviting the other contenders for the Best Documentary Oscar up on stage with him . That 's his conjecture , at least . Then he says that at first , he was cheered when he began his acceptance speech , and that those who were booing were not booing him but rather they were booing those who were cheering . When the boos intensified , it is n't because they were booing him but rather those who had been cheering were now booing back at the audience members booing them . In other words , at no time other than perhaps the first few seconds he hit the stage , where the audience members booing him , but rather , they were booing each other . This clearly illustrates the way Moore thinks , and the spin he puts on his beliefs in order to sway others to his misguided way of thinking.While Michael Moore will gladly show you statistics of all the human beings killed as the result of political reprisals hinged on American policy -LRB- and he certainly does in this film -RRB- , he will never show you the millions upon millions of lives saved around the globe , thanks to America 's involvement in fighting terrorism , aiding allies and rebuilding nations in desperate need of assistance.In short , he 's all to happy to show you everything wrong with America , but he 'll never show you what 's right with it , either . And for that reason , I can not in good conscience , recommend the purchase or rental of this disc , as doing so will only encourage those who allow Moore to spread his propaganda and sew the seeds of further hatred and violence directed at the United States of America.Osama bin Laden could n't have hoped for a stronger ally than Michael Moore . I urge you to leave it on the shelf , gathering dust '' . ** quotes taken in part from a Review in part from Jim McNeal of The Big Picture .
 An otherwise excellent Academy Awards show was marred when the Academy gave an Oscar to Michael Moore for this political polemic about violence in America . The attendees roundly booed Moore 's acceptance remarks , and Steve Martin joked about putting Moore in the trunk of his limousine . After the Award ceremony we 've seen David Horowitz on CNN refer to Michael as an `` ultra-left wing , anti-American Leninist . '' On Jay Leno we saw James Woods refer to Michael 's acceptance remarks as `` Chicken -LRB- bleep -RRB- ! '' So between those two and the Academy we have a pretty wide range of reactions to Michael and his movie!He begins with Columbine and demonstrates that everyone looks at that tragedy and sees their favorite evils , whatever they are . A series of commentators on TV enumerate their respective favorite enemies
 While Moore may be a complete and utter idiot , he has a talent for filmmaking . Moore 's own assessment of Bowling is to the point
 To quote a good friend of mine ... `` Michael Moore is no more than a necrophiliac ! '' He gets off on exploiting disasters . The worst part of this movie is that people with above average intelligence are sucked into believing what they are told in the movie . I think that the man would have better luck in politics as he is very good at spreading his ignorance . Every bit of the way through this movie I found myself arguing with the TV and disproving , on my limited knowledge of the situations in question , almost every comment he made . Further while he comes off as very convincing , many should notice that he never really comes to a point , he is merely preaching to hear himself talk . I would suggest watching this movie but only for the thought of knowing what you are talking against when a Michael Moore fan tries to spout some of his mind rotting views .
 I am just amazed what a big , fat liar like Michael Moore can seem to get away with . And then be rewarded for . This movie was a total lie from the get go . He edited the hell out of this thing to make it sound just how he wanted it . Why is it so hard for these people to stick with the facts . Do n't just assume what this moron has produced is factual . Do n't just take my word for it . Read up on it for yourself . This movie should have never even made it to any screen or video rental . I 'm not sure who 's backing this guy financially , but they must be very desperate and pathetic . This movie is not and never will be a documentary . Its pure fiction from a very warped mind .
 The epitomy of revisionist history/liberal misinformation at its absolute worst . If you do n't like to think for yourself , and prefer an obese ad-hominem dependent socialist telling you that your American culture is evil , and that everyone who owns a gun is suffering from inadequecies not only in the penile department , but also in the ol' noodle , then this movie is for you . Moore 's interviewing skills range from patronizing to downright hostile in the blink of an eye , as evidenced in his interview with Charlton Heston for the finale of the film . Honestly , I feel I 'm wasting my time even reviewing this mindless drivel , but I 'm hoping if I give it a scathing enough review ... I weep for anyone that paid to see this , much less enjoyed themselves . I 'd take slow death involving needles penetrating my irises until I passed out from the excruciating agony over subjecting myself to viewing this film willingly . Consider yourself warned ...
 This documentary seeks to destory our constitutional right to bear firearms . Something that Moore does n't seem to realize through these lies is that PEOPLE KILL PEOPLE not that guns kill people !! Our society is n't at fault for that six year old girl 's death in Michigan , rather the parents of the young boy who shot her are at fault for their inexcusable irresponsibility !! It has been proven that this documentary is full of exaggerated lies . Personally , I think Moore should be more worried about someone harpooning his obese body than attempting to amend our Constitution . Not recommended .
 Oscar ... ?????????????????????? Why ? This is one of the worst documentaries I have ever seen . This is a badly conceived , primitively arranged and non-professionally filmed nothing about a serious thing . There are some good points raised but the argument supporting them is so weak and lacking knowledge that points go to the other side rather than to Michael Moore 's side . It did not feel like authors knew the subject or even understood it . It was very disappointing and very misleading .
 People keep paying for movies made by a person who has wasted his `` talent '' on partial truths to flat out lies . What type of a person would waste his life on lies ? Oh , yeah ... a person who wants to make money off of ignorant people -LRB- I say this with no intentions to insult -RRB- . It is ashame that people , like Mr. Moore , are not held accountable for their deceit . Well , eventually they will be . I actually feel sorry for him and for those who believe that he is telling them the truth.People like Mr. Moore actually hold back the truth and belittle and attack those who hold truth and honor as being important .
 This is a very brief summary of what I thought about Michael Moores New movie `` Bowling For Columbine '' Its intentionally kept short due to the fact I would not honor this movie in any way by wasting any more of my time on it!Basically the premise of this movie is Moore going around the country and mocking america and its ideas . He makes points that which are very trageic and disturbing , but has no real tact in making them only showing what happened and how it occured . He pretty much slanders america , prey on the unwittingness of others , and has a very vague meaning . All in all this movie is for a true Liberal type person . `` Hey I said brief and I meant brief `` A wise man once said `` If you dont like America GET OUT ''
 Michael Moore first of all , made this movie with a personal agenda , with the blessing of his hollywood friends . That is why he received an oscar . That is why the oscars are such a joke now . He tells the one sided view that shows that guns by themselves , are the cause of most violence , instead of the misguided human beings that use them . He uses emotion , to highlight the tragedy of Columbine , but fails to point out the more than a dozen federal , state , and local laws broken by the two teenage killers that day , or if trained staff had been armed , might have help save lives . He does not stick to any facts , just molds certain events to play to his gun control myths . The interview with Charlton Heston -LRB- done with dishonesty and made to be a hit job -RRB- was a farce . If anyone cares to see the documented truth of how guns actually have saved lives in the right hands , go to www.gunfacts.info for the truth . I want facts on both sides of an issue , not emotional rhetoric . The whole movie is a one way politically correct road . Do n't waste your money on this one .
 Pure leftist propaganda . Do n't waste your money or time .
 This is a great movie if you are a mindless sheep . Moore uses lies to present his radical leftist agenda in the film . Him and his fanatical friends wish to abolish the 2nd Ammendment of the Constitution and he uses lies and propaganda to persuade the morons watching . The Nazis used similar tactics in controlling opinions . Hitler would n't have needed Josef Goebells had he had Michael Moore at his disposal .
 What 's most frustrating is that the people who need to understand what guns do to our country are not listening . The reviews who agree with Moore already believed in his message . To me , Moore is just confirming what some people already believe.Things will not change because his film is based on ridiculing people who are gun owners instead of using subtlety . How can you expect gun owners to change their minds after this ? This film is too blunt and needs better style .
 I watched this documentary and was surprised by many of the things Moore claimed . It was hard for me to believe much of it , especially the things Charleton Heston said . I found out why these things were so hard for me to believe by visiting the site
 He thought the columbine incident was about gun control . It was not . It was about anger and bullying . That is the problem . That is what would have fixed that problem . We need to help children be better to eachother or problems like this will keep going on . It is worth seeing because it is interesting , but he is wrong on this one . Micahel Moore is a good director but people are not always right .
 I will not try to deny Michael Moore 's skill as a film maker
 This is not a documentary . Moore should be ashamed for profiting off of this tragedy .
 All of the stats that Moore offers can be discarded . His sources are questionable at best . When he throws his stats around , he mixes apples and oranges . He does n't give respect to the populations of the counties in question , he counts ` gun deaths ' differently from case to case and he lies about the chronology of numerous events . Moore simply patched together a series of dubious stats and out of context file footage . His goal was to frustrate the political right with lies and to fuel the fire of ignorance on the political left . He succeeded.And when his integrity is questioned , Moore immediately counters with a flagrant ad hominem attack . He says that everyone who discredits his movie is a ` right wing zealot ' with malicious motivations . He will not even entertain questions about the truthfulness of his so called documentary . His only defense is the fallacious statement , ` All of the facts in my film are true . ' No crap ! How stupid does he think we are ? Saying , ` All of the facts in my film are true ' is like saying , ` All of the -LSB- true statements -RSB- in my film are true . ' What arrogance.Don ' t give Moore any pleasure by buying this piece of garbage . If you want to watch it , rent it . And while you 're not buying things , do n't buy any of Moore 's ridiculous books either . He makes most of his sales on what I call ` curiosity purchases ' and then he claims that everyone who buys his books completely agree with his views . Do n't fuel his fire .
 I am sure there was an agenda before their film was made . But what ever it was is lost in inconsistent and repetitious interview style questions . I did like the calendar girls ; I did not realize you could get such calendars . The militia looked like a neat organization . When they do interviews with Canadians for contrast I thought I was watching `` Canadian Bacon '' with John Candy.They did mention nukes but did not go to the other extreme and count how many people were knifed and hacked -LRB- Lizzy Borden -RRB- due to the absence of a proper firearm . No mention of the fact than Kung Fu is necessary so one can kill when deprived of proper defensive devices.They seem to be fascinated with Charlton Heston . `` Home of the brave and Land of the free '' ; his presents is peppered throughout the film.I suspect that the title comes from the fact that the students in Columbine went bowling before their spree.Canadian Bacon
 The only reason this movie will make you think is because it presents so many confusing/contradicting theories . At one point Moore is telling you that guns do n't kill people , only capitalism does . But then he tells you only black people kill people . But then he tells you only white people kill people . But then he tells you only poverty kills people . But then he tells you guns are not bad at all . But then he tells you President Bush kills people . This was no doubt a very racist film , Moore completely stereotypes all races . The `` American History '' segment should have been called `` Anti-American History '' , and the final seen with Mr. Heston was a joke . I could not believe Moore was so direspectful to a man who helps donate so much time and money for gun education in America . A little bit of searching around the internet will show you the truth behind this film ...
 Watched it out of curiosity , more because of Moore 's publicity whoring at the Oscars - and I was not impressed . They give Oscars for this garbage ???? Too many editorial liberties were taken in the production of this `` film '' - such as the hack & slash editing of pieces involving Charlton Heston . More time should 've been spent on the `` whys '' of Columbine , and not on the blame game.Not a fan of Moore 's politics , but I thought I would give it a chance - big mistake . I think Moore seems to think that each and every white male in America should go and apoligize to each and every disinfranchised group in this country ...
 This man is perhaps the most arrogant individual I have seen in quite sometime . Took the time he should have spent being thankful for recieving an an Academy Award -LRB- wrongly bestowed uopn him for this piece of left-wing -LSB- junk -RSB- -RRB- to bash the president on national television ! Wrong time , wrong place to excersize the right of free speech protected by the military that he so ashmedly wronged by bashing their commander and chief . Shame on him . `` Bowling for Columbine '' is another example of wrong-mindeness passing for art and individuals profiting by it . Profiting , that is , if you buy it .
 The opening , wherein Michael Moore receives a firearm in exchange for opening a bank account , was staged . The bank apparently indeed gave away guns , but there was a background check and the gift typically required six weeks for delivery . Staging that incident alone was sufficient to eliminate Moore from Oscar contention , but Hollywood does n't care much for rules , so long as you 're in their ideological camp.In another scene , we see a Lockheed Martin executive from Littleton CO in front of a large rocket . Moore says , `` So you do n't think our kids say to themselves , ` Gee , you know , Dad goes off to the factory every day and , you know , he builds missiles . These are weapons of mass destruction . ' '' Problem is , Lockheed does not make weapons in Littleton -- it makes communications and weather satellites there . The missile in the film is a refurbished rocket used to launch one such satellite , and not a warhead.Michael Moore is an extremely admirable businessman -- down and out , he began making films and became hugely successful . He is a superbly successful free-market capitalist rich white male now , having found the perfect target audience.Moore simply did not deserve the Academy Award for this movie , since it included staged , along with some inaccurate , material . You can disapprove of that all you want , but it is merely the truth .
 ... you already know that one must consider the semiotics of exclusionism in order to fully understand Michael Moore 's witticisms . But let me add that Michael lies routinely -- even under oath . I will start this discussion by arguing that `` oligophrenic '' hardly seems like a strong enough word to describe Michael . Then , I will present evidence that Michael is unable to support his assertions with documentation of any sort . Once we realize that , what do we do ? The appropriate thing , in my judgment , is to clarify and correct some of the inaccuracies present in Michael 's canards . I say that because to believe that he is the ultimate authority on what 's right and what 's wrong is to deceive ourselves . Ancient Greek dramatists discerned a peculiar virtue in being tragic . Michael would do well to realize that they never discerned any virtue in being unconscionable.Michael 's rejoinders are like an enormous barbarism-spewing machine . We must begin dismantling that structure . We must put a monkey wrench in its gears . And we must improve the physical and spiritual quality of life for the population at present and for those yet to come , because Michael has a one-track mind . That 's clear . But either Michael has no real conception of the sweep of history , or he is merely intent on winning some debating pin by trying to pierce a hole in my logic with `` facts '' that are taken out of context . Now that this review is over , I pray that my logic and passion have convinced you that the most myopic person non grat I 've ever seen thrive when the rest of us underestimate the threat they pose or are too weak or unorganized to hold the line .
 The problem with this documentary is n't as everyone states . I can honestly say I did n't read all of the reviews , but I have read some . Personally , I would say Michael Moore 's argument is n't about gun control or even that the NRA is a bad organization . He consistently states that Canada , Britain , Germany have guns , why do n't they have as many `` gun '' murders -LRB- keep an eye on this statistic , just because a country does n't have as many gun murders does n't mean they do n't have other types of murders -RRB- . The argument is that the fear driven society leads to bad situations . Now this is a good argument.Where he goes wrong is with the media . He demphasizes the media as the cause in this argument . He stretches it to be the government and the NRA and the militia , and ... etc. . I believe he left out the media for a good reason , he is making a documentary . He is one of them , enough said.For Charlton Heston and his horrible nature in the film . I have read that Michael Moore did n't ambush the man . If that is true , then what is it called when you show up at a man 's house and ask for an interview the next day . One , Heston was n't provided with a list of questions to prepare good answers . Two , Moore immediately set in on him . It made me sick to watch him do this to the man . The whole thing with the picture is just BS to get the people weepy eyed . He should have been attacking the media and not this old man . Go around to those people reporting and show them the picture and ask how they can do this with no feeling.Watch the movie , remember to keep an eye on the media as well as the poloticians and rich white guys . Remember keep that fear driven society running Michael Moore .
 The first time I saw this movie I was amazed . He painted a very grim picture ... and I was surprised at some of the `` truths '' he pointed out . Unfortunately , after hearing other people question his veracity , I checked some of his `` facts '' ... and it looks to me that when he does not outright lie , he twists the truth . Before you believe everything that he -LRB- or I -RRB- says , check his facts for yourself . Google can be a very useful tool for this .
 Moore 's fabrication here can not be described by any polite term . It is a lie , a fraud , and a few other things . Carrying it out required a LOT of editing to mislead the viewer , as I will show below . I transcribed Heston 's speech as Moore has it , and compared it to a news agency 's transcript , color coding the passages . CLICK HERE for the comparison , with links to the original transcript.Moore has actually taken audio of seven sentences , from five different parts of the speech , and a section given in a different speech entirely , and spliced them together . Each edit is cleverly covered by inserting a still or video footage for a few seconds.First , right after the weeping victims , Moore puts on Heston 's `` I have only five words for you ... cold dead hands '' statement , making it seem directed at them . As noted above , it 's actually a thank-you speech given a year later in North Carolina.Moore then has an interlude -- a visual of a billboard and his narration . This is vital . He ca n't go directly to Heston 's real Denver speech . If he did that , you might ask why Heston in mid-speech changed from a purple tie and lavender shirt to a white shirt and red tie , and the background draperies went from maroon to blue . Moore has to separate the two segments.What Heston really said : `` NRA members are in city hall , Fort Carson , NORAD , the Air Force Academy and the Olympic Training Center . And yes , NRA members are surely among the police and fire and SWAT team heroes who risked their lives to rescue the students at Columbine.Don ' t come here ? We 're already here . This community is our home . Every community in America is our home . We are a 128-year-old fixture of mainstream America . The Second Amendment ethic of lawful , responsible firearm ownership spans the broadest cross section of American life imaginable.So , we have the same right as all other citizens to be here . To help shoulder the grief and share our sorrow and to offer our respectful , reassured voice to the national discourse that has erupted around this tragedy . ''
 Although ` Bowling for Columbine ' is a nutch better than his series on television , it still is a piece of junk as far as I can tell.How to manipulate the crowd without too much effort ? Ask Michael Moore about that . How to propagate an anti-George-Bush-agenda and not worrying too much about facts or contexts , even honesty , ask Moore and he will contribute over a cup of coffee . Here 's a working class hero revealing the truth hidden in America - I do n't think so.This is a documentary that might impress the viewer for a WHILE , apparantely enough for an Oscar , but if you check his story it will be transformed to a huge dissapointment . Moore was asked on CNN why there were so many irregularities - ` how can there be any irregularities in a comedy ? ' That was Moore 's only answer . Is he really serious as a critic ? The poor quality in his books pretty much shatters his credibility if nothing else.Why ca n't he make a decent movie about his own easy multi-million-dollar life on Manhattan ? To tell the truth for once .
 Regardless of your political views , this is a poorly thought out excuse for a film . Anyone with more than a room temperature IQ will quickly be disgusted by the filmmaker 's pandering and patronizing .
 I watched it objectively and I admit , it 's entertaining . However , I did n't blindly accept what he tried to reveal . Only because I had my third eye open and saw every trick he tried to pull . Moore is a cleaver documentary filmmaker ... but not a great one .
 Do not pay money for this production . Do not support Michael Moore . He scripts dialogue and passes it off as interviews . He deliberately brainwashes his constituents.Don ' t believe me ? Did the Pilgrims really jump off their ship and immediately start shooting Native Americans ? No . But after watching the cartoon , what 's the first image that will pop into your head when you think about it ? -LRB- `` I loves my gun ... Loves my gun ... '' -RRB- What was the purpose of a cash refund for the bullets ? They quite obviously worked ! And what was `` won '' at K-Mart ? Nothing!How does 11,000 gun-related deaths per year -LRB- I wo n't even check the figures -RRB- suddenly become 11,000 murders ? What about self-defense situations , accidents , suicides ? Michael Moore is trying to convince you that American is cuture of paranoia . It is n't , but it may be if people keep listening to this idiot.Do yourself a favor and research gun control and crime statistics yourself , rather than wasting time with * Bowling for Columbine * .
 I give it 1 star because zero is not an option . Moore 's colection of out of context and out of sync `` quotes '' does a disservice to the idea of a documentary . He started out with an axe to grind and when the facts did not line up with his preconceptions , he simply made things up . I do not recommend buying it , but should you actually watch it , just notice how the clips are broken up . Then notice that the speaker is dressed one way at the beginning , and another after the break . Pieces are spliced together to portray something that never actually happened . Actually , Minus 5 would be an appropriate rating .
 Nobody questions the fact that Michael Moore is a brilliant and talented filmmaker . He 's great at using clever imagery and catchy phrases to ambush his audience emotionally , making his slanted leftist point all the more realistic to the uninformed.However anyone with even a modest understanding of history , politics and economics can only be confused by his blatant contradictions and outright falsehoods . Make no mistake , Michael Moore is a man with an agenda.This movie is absolutely riddled with distortions , half-truths , and outright lies . Take for example the whole `` gun in the bank '' scene , where he wants you to believe he was given a gun just for opening a bank account . What Moore does n't tell you is that it was a CD , requiring a minimun 2,000 dollar deposit to open . He also does n't tell you that the bank never really just hands the guns to the customers over the counter . There is no possible way any American bank can hand you a gun for opening any account . He had to go to an independant gun dealer in the area and fill out the appropriate government paperwork -LRB- and pay for it , it 's not too cheap -RRB- , wait for the background check , and pick up the rifle awhile later from the same gun dealer . The bank scene is staged to make it appear as if he just opened an account and was immediately handed a deadly weapon . Besides , why would anyone who was intent on getting a gun possibly for malicious purposes put down a 2,000 dollar deposit just to get a $ 200 single shot hunting rifle or shotgun?Michael Moore , of course , leaves it up to his legions of easily duped burger flipping young followers to find this out on their own.As the movie drags on we are treated to example after exhausting example of Moore 's tired leftist logic and phony criticisms of `` American Gun Culture '' ... * dun dun dunnnnnn * ! Instead of a careful and even handed view of the more than 90 million American gun owners -LRB- yes 90 million , almost 1/3 of the American population owns at least 1 firearm -RRB- , we are treated to some backwoods moron militiaman as our supposed textbook example of an armed American.Anyone with any unbiased sense of logic and a mediocre understanding of gun statistics at this point has to be asking themselves why would Mr. Moore pick someone like this to make an example of . Remember folks , 290 million total US population , 90 million -LRB- and that 's just the one 's we know about ... -RRB- gun ownners . Are we to believe that 90 million people in the US are probably just like the militia moron portrayed , or worse ?? Also ask yourself , if there are at least 90 million people in America that own at least one gun , and there are 30-40 thousand firearms related deaths per year in this country , that means your chances of being shot to death in this country are roughly 1 in 8 to 9 thousand.Why is the self styled `` working class hero '' and college dropout trying so hard to make us all afraid of something that has killed far fewer people than cars , swimming pools , and high fat diets?I could go on all day about the many , many slanted views and outrageous claims put forth is this piece of propoganda , but there is n't enough time or space to do so . If anyone needs any further proof that Moore is a liar and a fraud , Google is your friend . The collective resources of the internet are more than enough to debunk 95 % of the dreck that spews from Moore 's gratuitous piehole.Furthermore , take heed kids . Socialism has been tried all over the world and failed everywhere it 's been implemented . If Canada and Europe are so great , why ca n't they come anywhere near to matching the productivity rates , industriousness , and wealth building power of America and it 's free market system ? There 's probably nothing that Moore is more wrong on than economics . That may be worth keeping in mind when reading his daily website blurbs and more recent books . Do n't be had by Mr. Moore 's propoganda .
 Getting a little bored w / the left wing/right wing garbage ? Well how about getting the opinion of a moderate -LRB- I 'm from San Francisco but I own a home & have a family ... you do the math -RRB- . I am not in the NRA , do not own a gun , and actually have never even seen one up close . Ok enough about me . Moore presents HIS opinion -LRB- he makes no claim to be objective ... and he is n't -RRB- in a manner that sometimes is thought-provoking while other times totally annoying and narrow-minded . Let me give you some examples.The segment on Marylin Manson is excellent . Moore debunks the idea that Manson -LRB- or makers of industrial rock in general - KMFDM and NIN were also lumped into the Columbine fray -RRB- was in some way responsible for what occured . Great point - I 've often wondered why people , conservative and liberal both , are so eager to jump on the music someone listens to if it 's non-mainstream music but do not address the issue when the killer listens to mainstream music , which is far more often the case . I can assure you that listeners of Goth/Industiral are probably America 's smallest problem ... try hip hop -LRB- ya think ? -RRB- . Or how about the Beatles ? What , 6 or 7 of history 's most famous murderers are Lennon fanatics -LRB- Mark Chapman , Charles Manson , ... -RRB- . Ooh them Beatles are spooky.However the link between the Columbine massacre and the proximity to a Lockheed-Martin office is inane . First , these kids likely had no idea that this office -LRB- it 's not even a manufacturing plant as Moore insinuates -RRB- exists , and if they did they probably have no concept of what the company does . Therefore the idea that somehow this links into their collective subconscious and engenders an aura of violence is ludicrous . However , Moore looks at the sign with the sad face , drops his head and shakes it like he 's disgusted , so obviously you are an idiot if you do n't follow his thought process -LRB- this condescending BS is why Moore ca n't be taken too seriously -RRB- . Consider this
 THIS ONLY GETS MORONS THINKING . First of all , Michael Moore only gives half truths in his statistics . The sources he used were varied and some of the numbers -LRB- i.e. gun murders in the United States -RRB- were just flat out wrong -LRB- unlike Mr. Moore , I checked my sources -RRB- . He also cuts and pastes things out of their original context . For example , the political rally in that Charlton Heston was attending was months after the shooting not 48 hours after . And oddly enough , Michael Moore was in the same area in a political rally himself at the same time Heston was . The cartoon on the lies about the NRA was not made by the makers of South Park , but he really did do a good job in making you think it was . The cartoon was also riddled with innacuracy . This is propaganda that would make Joseph Goebbels look like Jesus .
 I did n't fully understand this film , perhaps you really have to be American to get it . Michael Moore 's point seems to be that Americans are more violent than other people , I have no idea whether this is ture or not . Does he want to ban guns ? I could n't quite make out exactly what he wanted . He is very fond of following people around with a camera and trying to interview them , but i understand he does n't much care for it when others do the same to him . I heard he got someone thrown in jail for pestering him in a similar manner ? Is this true ? I would love to know . He succeeded in irritating Charlton Heston , i rather hoped Mr. Heston might take a swing at him , but instead he just walked away , somewhat to my dissapointment . He seems to approve of Canada , where apparently it 's so safe people do n't even lock their doors . this , if true , is very dissapointing . I had the impression that Canada was a sinister , dangerous country full of vampires , werewolves , deomns , ghosts , ghouls , and entrances to Hell . This is because I spend too much time reading the novels of Tanya Huff , who has succeeded in making Canada a very exciting place , to me anyway . Michael moore has really dissillusioned me . Would gun control make America less violent ? I live in a country where it is practically impossible to own a gun , most people never even see a real gun , yet that does n't stop nutters from getting hold of them every so often and going on the rampage . I do n't know what the answer is . I 'm not even sure what the question is .
 This film is complete liberal Propaganda . Moore twists the true , and edits the film to only show you the dark side of gun ownership in America . He never mentions the thousands of lives saved each year by armed cictizens . And when he gives the number of deaths related to firearms , he fails to tell you that more than 50 % of them are suicides , not accidental shootings of children and murderous rages by sadistic youth . He only focuses on the problem and not the solution . This film protrays The NRA and the most evil orginization in the country and trys to make a connection to them with ever death by gun in the movie . The movie industy has lost all credibility in my mind , after giving moore documetory awards for a propganda film .
 This DVD will be a hit in France ...
 What is Mr. Moore 's infatuation with incest ? In this movie there were gay themes , incest , hookers , etc. . But it 's called bowling for columbine . What 's the deal ? Sure he hated Bill Clinton but from what I saw in the movie , he had people telling little cigar inuedos everywhere . And I did n't see one single bowling alley in the picture . This movie is a joke . I would rather watch `` santa conquers the martians '' than listen to a bloated whale talk false politics . If I were his sister I would stay away .
 This movie is Liberal , Hollywood garbage . Moore distorts the facts and statistics , then expects American to believe . The sad thing is , he 's conviced many weak minded people to back is anti-gun , anit-American views . Very sad .
 avoid ... not because you disagree with his politics , but because this is presented as a documentary but unfortunately it is in fact a persuasive propaganda piece . moore has good underlying intentions , in that he would like to see the eradication of gun violence in this country . too bad that this slickly edited , emotionally tweaking piece is almost wholly based in fiction starting at the part of the movie
 I would consider myself a republican . I have seen this film . Micheal Moore is nothing more than a propagandist . He is very good at making people -LRB- IE Charlton Heston , Dick Clark -RRB- look stupid . The Heston interview was heavily edited , along with the Heston speech . Also , Moore ambushed Dick Clark . It was a calculated move to make Clark look like a cold hearted SOB . How would you react if I did that to you on your way to work ??? But lets not destroy his film cuz thats not why i wrote this review . I wanted to ask those of you who say that people who hate BWC are `` right wing NRA whacko 's who have n't seen the film '' if you are democrats ?? I have seen this film , I am a republican , but I am not an NRA member , though I do believe responsible , law-abiding Americans should be able to own guns . Anyway , my point is , you democrats who heap praises on this film just because it follows your set of beliefs are just as bad as those so-called `` right-wing NRA whacko 's who have n't seen the film . '' Moore does n't do a very honest job of proving his points . He is very offensive , assaulting , and insulting to those he interacts with in this film . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 Michael Moore is completely full of crap in this film . Watch closely Charlton Heston 's speech in Denver given ten days after the columbine shooting . Moore shows heston speaking , cuts to some other scenes , and then back to Heston . If you pay attention , Heston has two DIFFERENT shirts on during his speech . Moore combined a part of Heston 's Denver speech -LRB- leaving out large chunks -RRB- with one given a year later in Charlotte , NC -LRB- `` cold dead hands '' -RRB- . Furthermore , the NRA and groups like it are required by law to hold annual meetings . The NRA could not have canceled that meeting even if they wanted to . This , among many other things is why Moore should be ashamed of himself . Moore also gives statistics about the number of people murdered by handguns each year -LRB- the US being the highest -RRB- . He fails to mention that the US has 285 million people living here . Naturally , our homicide rate would be higher . Plus , he uses numbers given out by the CDC which include self-defense shootings , and police shootings , both protected under US law .
 After reviewing this DVD you would surmise that Americans are running around shooting each other like the wild west-and that is what Moore wants you to think . If you read about how Moore conducted his research and how Moore manipulated the facts and truth for his end you will find that his rendition of the truth does not add up . Just look at his comments from the awards . Everyone is entitled to his/her opinion-that is what makes America great . This should definitely not be in the category of documentary - `` fiction would be a better choice . It is said that many will view this and believe this is how life is in Moore?s America-thank God that is not the way it really is !
 I admittedly saw Fahrenheit 9/11 before I saw Bowling for Columbine and that may skew my impressions , but this movie is no where near as good as its reputation would have you believe . The central theme of Bowling for Columbine is gun control and ownership , yet Moore 's thesis has nothing to do with guns . Rather he states we are a country gripped by fear , and then spends 2 hours talking about nothing but guns . This disconnect between point-to-be-made and evidence ends up giving viewers no idea what Moore 's final point really is . And as a result people walk away from this movie picking and choosing what points they like to back up their own personal beliefs without having any clue what Moore was actually trying to tell them.As a result this is first and foremost a bad documentary . Its certainly educational but poorly thought out and poorly executed . Also Moore 's style of gotcha interviews are all unnecessary and seem extremely forced on his part . They attempt to make him look like a moral deacon , but are more corny than compelling . I miss the Moore of TV Nation , where he stuck it to people who deserved it and caused havoc for havoc 's sake . Now he 's more concerned about himself and acting emotionally affected over other people 's plight -LRB- key word
 Unless you are a liberal socialist who hates Bush do n't waste your time with this trash .
 I guess we know the stance this website takes -LRB- far to the left -RRB- as this is the second review ive written about the piece of socialist garbage -LRB- the first one has not been admitted to this site -RRB- and i doubt this one will be allowed either . Perhaps if children were guarded as closely as the media , columbine may not have occured .
 This ... film reminded me to go purchase a few guns before the extremists further restrict our constitutional right to arm and protect our families . Moore is a talented filmmaker , but he draws illogical -LRB- and biased -RRB- conclusions about current events .
 I think this movie is a complete waste of Americans ' time . What type of American makes a movie complaining about a right that is givin to us . You ca n't let a couple of trigger-happy morons ruin it for the rest of us . Throw out this communist load of junk and support YOUR 2nd Amendment !
 I agree with some of the other reviewers.I 've heard many accusations against this film , and I do n't want to hear them anymore . I do n't want to hear about ... -- How the missiles referred to in the film were for ` commercial ' use not military . It 's the same thing . A missile is a missile and all missiles are bad missiles , and Moore would agree with me . -- How the Heston speech was spliced together from two different speeches , making him look like he 's saying something different . Hey , he said those words . Context does n't matter , and Moore would agree with me . -- How the bank sequence is staged . That does n't matter . It 's not like this is a documentary , and Moore would agree with me . -- How the statistics about China 's gun record are stellar because China is communist . Of course , that 's why they call it a ` police state ' . And Moore would agree with me . -- Canada is n't really that good of a place to live . Yeah , but hockey is still a really cool sport ... . Even if Moore does n't agree . -- France is socialist . Duh , just like Moore is.I 've heard it all before . I do n't care . This was an entertaining movie . I do n't go to the movies to learn ` facts ' I go to be entertained , and that 's what this movie does . Do n't confuse me with ` truth ' vs. ` error ' . Life 's too short for all that.Thank you Mr. Moore for giving us a highly entertaining . It 's better than the Matrix !
 INSTEAD OF BLAMING KMART FOR SELLING BULLETS TO HTE KIDS WHO SHOT UP THEIR SCHOOL HOW ABOUT FOCUSING ON THIER PARENTS FOR NOT KEEPING THE GUNS AWAY FROM THIER CHILDREN IN THE FIRST PLACE AND GUN CONTROL IN GENRAL ? MOORE NEEDS TO FOCUS ON THOSE PROBLEMS . AND IT WAS N'T A REAL DOCUMENTRY IT WAS SCRIPTED .
 It was entertaining . I have to give it that . Beyond that , however , it was a joke . Documentary ? If so , I would expect at least a few facts . You would think that he could at least get the titles of the people he intervied correct . FLINT does not have a sheriff . FLINT is a city . Hello ?! And the rest of the movie was just as big of a factual nightmare . Comparing the actual numbers of gun deaths in the U.S. to those in other countries -- countries that are merely a percentage the size and population of the U.S. -LRB- as opposed to using a per capita or percentage based number so it would actually mean something -RRB- . Hello again ?! Honestly , it was far more entertaining than I thought it would be and not nearly as inflamatory . But I strongly encourage you to not mistake anything you might see in this movie as actually being true or factual in any way . Just one more reason to be thankful that I am a life member of the NRA !
 This guy lacks the most basic ability to tell the truth . So pittyful .
 An obvious work of fiction . I ca n't believe this loud mouth idiot actually won any awards for this vile crap . * IF * he would have presented a more even handed view , I 'd probably be more merciful . Until then , may he choke on stale donuts .
 Um , and the point of this film is ? Yes , the look at the differences between the door-locking culture of the United States and the unlocked door culture of Canada is fascinating anthropologically . There are some very interesting insights in Bowling for Columbine , BUT it is so driven by irrational propaganda that it 's hard to figure out just what Mr. Moore is trying to really convey , other than that guns are bad . This does not even seem to be the case either , especially since peaceful Canada is full of them.I almost felt embarrassed for the poor naive man when he was getting all excited with the kids from Columbine after K-mart made the decision to stop selling certain ammunition after being bullied by them with the irrational premise of taking back the bullets lodged in their bodies . Blaming K-mart was , of course , the best thing to do if you are as ilogical as Mr. Moore.Ultimately , this film is hard to define in terms of just what Moore means to have come across as his version of the truth . So as a documentary , it is really lacking in vision , but that is only because Michael Moore 's seems to be so poor .
 I just had to watch the movie . `` Had '' is such a strong word ; I did n't have too . I suppose , like I do n't have to slow and look at a car crash . I was just curious . Now I want the time wasted on this movie returned to me in full . I read L. Ron Hubbard 's Dianetics but at least I learned some interesting words from it.The title itself `` Bowling for Columbine '' , taken from the two shooters supposedly `` bowling '' before the killing spree with ahem guns -LRB- right Michael ? Guns ? -RRB- and oh yeah a tank of propane , some other utensils , is simlpy and factually incorrect . They did n't really go `` Bowling for Columbine '' . Ha ha , but how cute . They first did something so innocuous as `` bowl '' then blammo , this permissive society which ALLOWS and GUARANTEES from the FOUNDING FATHERS and the CONSTITUTION the right to keep and bear arms caused these sweet little otherwise innocent little children to destroy , murder and kill . If Moore , or anyone walking away from this movie , actually thinks that these nutcases could n't have successfully harmed as many if not more people without the use of guns , is truly on crack . To charaterize this show as anything more than a docudrama would give documentaries a bad name.Oh there are facts in the story . But the items that make you go `` wow '' and `` are you kidding me '' are more than likely wholly made up to make you have an emotional reaction -LRB- the effect -RRB- instead of for enlightenment -LRB- the goal -RRB- . But as Moore has shown throughout his career , he cares little about getting facts right in his dramas.Some of us care little for the taste of Moore 's , or anyone elses , lies presented as truth.I must add , to compare how safe Canada is to the US and make the quantum leap to imply `` golly , I wish the US was more like Canada '' makes me want to urge every US citizen to visit Canada at least once -LRB- for an extended period if you can stand it -RRB- . Then , on returning , ask yourself , do you really want things in the US to be like Canada ? If so , move there ... please . Or , barring that , never , ever vote in this country again . You can leave your doors unlocked at night in Canada . Who cares?Oh also , for my review of this movie for the more gullible among us , the review is criticized by someone from a country where freedom is not really on the march , Viet Nam ? Oh my . Gun control really worked in that country did n't it ? It allowed such good things to happen to the inhabitants of that country , the epitomy of peace , prosperity and freedom in the world . If you sir are indeed from Viet Nam , then you sir are the moron -LRB- or an uneducated peasant working in the fields being watched over by your gun toting military -RRB- . Since I 'm giving history lessons freely , the `` well regulated militia '' clause refers to every sensible gun owner can own them but are governed by laws regulating them ; do n't confuse that with the ones that take them away , ok?Every citizen of the US can become part of a `` militia '' if ever that becomes necessary . But only if you have not allowed the government or some dissengenuous film maker leading us to a point where we give up our rights to keep and bear arms.That 's the brain rot in this movie . Moore represents a control , control , control side . I 'll control myself , Moore . You control yourself . Step away from the buffet .
 There are many problems with not only the facts of the movie , but also the editing , and the rambling done by the film 's director , Michael Moore . In the end the film was way too long and the film contradicted itself more times than it did n't . Moore gives no answer to certain problems that the U.S. has , but instead many - and they all contradict each other . He seems to take every chance he has to put down the U.S. and exagerates the problems that it has . I would say that this film is also anti-American , but constructive criticism has always been a very American thing to do . However , this criticism is not constructive but instead somewhat nutty . Moore seems to enjoy hearing himself talk . I think he has more personal problems than the U.S. has as a country . Perhaps his next film should be about how he has turned out the way he has ?
 Do n't get me wrong , I believed in this man until the truth came out that he lied to produce this movie . I believe in stricter gun control laws , but money is better than the cause for Michael Moore . You hurt me man , and I will never forgive you for that!Documentary is defined as 1 . -RRB- Consisting of , concerning , or based on documents . 2 . -RRB- Presenting facts objectively without editorializing or inserting fictional matter , as in a book or film.This movie is shown fictitious through actual footage of actual events that many speeches and opinions given in this video were edited and changed , or shown in a deceiving way . Because this movie does not fall under the defined meaning , and that it is in fact a fictitious video it should be redefined as fiction , and not documentary , or as non-fiction . Like the interviews with the clock in the background that constantly changes time as the interviewed person speaks . He made this stuff up !!! The interviews we 're edited to make people say things out of context !!!
 IF you had done this UNBIASED , it MIGHT have been worth watching . You twist history to your own ends . This is a waste of media . It would be best used to keep the coffee cup rings off the desk , or perhaps to make a clock out of .
 bottom line , the bank he got the gun from doesnt actually have guns on site . Thier `` vault '' is off site . This was a clever editing trick meant to decieve . Also about half way though the movie he basically proves that guns arent the problem , people are . However he keeps harping on guns.I enjoyed the movie , but think for yourself . Moore is a deceptive person .
 this -LRB- ahem -RRB- film was a waste of my time and Michael Moore is a perfect example of a waste of a good set of organs , as far as being as film maker . No talent shown in this one , in my opinion . Boring and cliche type style . Ive seen better documentarys and more intriguing displays of style and talent at the local community college film class -LRB- freshman level -RRB- . -LRB- no offense to any freshmans in CC -RRB- DONT WASTE YOUR TIME ON THIS ONE ! disclaimer > this is my opinion/review , yours may differ
 More garbage from the Fat Boy.It is filled with lies and distortions.Watch it if you must but check the facts before believing this crap .
 I had heard from a number of people that this movie was good ... but after having watched it , I can not understand why people liked it . There were some humorous moments , but there 's only about 1 or 2 of them . The movie gets rather old after about 15 mins . His information is fraught with misunderstandings , misinformation , and misdirections leading to an overall cornicopia of ignorance . He harasses numerous people including KMart and Charleston Heston in a sad attempt to be profound . He acts as if those people perpetrated the crime themselves and should be held responsible , when in actuality they had the most minor of roles to play if any at all . Overall this movie -LRB- definitely not a documentry -RRB- lacks any direction or specific purpose and is just this man 's atttempt to badmouth the United States with inaccurate information . If you are tempted to see it just for the hell of it , be warned ... take everything that is said in this movie with a grain of salt .
 Mr. Moore started this film project with an agenda
 I do n't understand what anyone could see in this . Mr. Moore seems to think he can convince people that anything they see on film is true . The sad truth is he 's right .
 Full of misleading facts and statistics . This WORK OF FICTION is hard to watch . Call it Michael Moore 's propaganda flik .
 I just want to say one thing . I was excited to view this movie , but before doing so I researched it a bit . I was more than a little concerned to find that the movie uses a number of deceitful techniques with editing to strengthen Mr. Moore 's position . Before you watch this film , I think it 's good to research it a bit , then go in with open eyes . I hope this will help some of you .
 So many people are tied up in the politics of Michael Moore , they fail to realize that documentary is an art form . It is an artistic means through which to examine a thesis . I like Moore 's work in general , but find the `` Columbine '' film to be sorely lacking in clarity . In a nutshell , the film 's thesis -LRB- assuming it has one -RRB- is kind of `` wishy-washy '' . I watched the film once and kept waiting for Mike to `` get to the point '' and found that his gift for sardonically presenting bitter ironies and `` slapping viewers awake '' was wasted on subject matter that is perhaps best left in the perview of Criminologists . Then , to see if it had any redeeming educational value , I watched it again and drew the same conclusion about the movie . I was very disappointed.As I said , I like Moore and I will gladly rethink this review if someone can prove me wrong by telling me in a sentence or two , what * exactly * the thesis is . Is it a statement on the state of youth of America ? Is it a statement about spoiled rich kids who kill their classmates ? Is it a statement about parents , the educational system ... gun control ... what ... why ? Who is to blame for the terrible events in Columbine ? Alas , the film raises tons of questions , but answers none.While many people have criticized the film for pushing a political agenda related to gun control , this is perhaps Moore 's most objective documentary . People who see an `` anti-gun agenda '' in this film are just seeing what they want to see based on thier emotions about Moore.While watching Columbine , I actually got the feeling that Moore himself was uncomfortable with the grayness of the subject matter . It 's almost as if Moore was aware that a strong pro-gun control argument would put him at odds with the constitutional freedoms that he has spent the better moments of his career defending . As a result , the film tends to branch out into too many areas -LRB- such as Militia groups , popular music , popular cultural notions about guns , etc. -RRB- leaving the viewer with a general impression that yes , we do live in a `` Gun Culture '' - but knowing this fact may or may not provide any adequate solution to the next Columbine.The result of the muddled thesis , however , might have given Moore the appearance of `` neutrality '' that I suppose it takes to win an Oscar . Or perhaps that was Hollywood 's indirect way of acknowledging that he had deserved credit for earlier -LRB- and much better -RRB- work . No matter , fans of Mike will acknowledge that he is better as a documentarian when his work puts him at odds with big corporations and big government . He should stay away from the `` garden-variety '' crime issue.Perhaps the most frustrating aspect of this film is it 's break away from the traditional `` Moore style '' which is laced with genuine humor and clever camera-work . There are a few chuckles when Moore opens an savings account at a Northern Michigan bank and gets a `` free shotgun '' for his patronage , but the film is otherwise humorless . The camera-work in the film is as sophmoric as any piece on 60 minutes . Contrast this to Mike 's quick-cut camerawork and shocking transitions in Roger and Me!With regard to Moore 's the issue of content , the movie does n't fare to well either with Mike bouncing footage around from Militia groups to interviews with celebs , and so on . There seems to be no linearity in his presentation whatsoever.Moore is definitely out of form on this one . I would however , give him two stars . One for a valiant effort to root out the etiology of the Columbine incident . And another for showing enough refrain so as not to make any sweepingly bold and overpowering statements in the foggy area of gun control , in spite of the way in which many people seem to have interpreted Bowling for Columbine .
 In short , the film does a fairly good job of getting the message across as it should do in making people aware of the high crime rate in the USA and the fact that this is in great part due to all the weapons that are out there . At the same time , however , it does not provide a balanced examination , which only weakens the very effect it is trying to create.Lying about being a member of the NRA to get an appointment in order to play `` tricks '' on Charlton Heston in an attempt to humiliate one of America 's best actors is neither witty nor wise when trying to carry out a `` noble cause '' . A more balanced and objective approach with less bias and closed mindedness would have made the film more effective and therefore , more successful . The ultimate goal is good , but the method used is not necessarily the correct one .
 when i saw this film , i thought to myself `` are those two kids mad ! , they should have been arrested by the colorado policefor trying to even pull those damn shootings `` to summarize my short review
 wHEN I saw this movie I thought . MOORE IS A MASTER AT MAKING DOCUMENTRYS AND THIS FILM IS INGENIOUSE ! I WAS WRONG ... damn wrong . Michal moor is a fibber ! Thats right he lied just to make his point . I am EXTREAMLY dissapointed in moore . He knows better than -LRB- well acctualy not -RRB- what he should do . This film was EDITID TO THE MAX ! I acctually baught his DVD and showed it to all my friends ... Boy was I a fool to get it . When my friend told me how the film was a big fat lie I thought he was just trying to piss me off but when he told me to go on Bowlingforthetrueth.com I was dead wrong . How could michal moore do this . I have to admit he is one clever dog . He made almost half the people into tricking them into thinking this is all true . PLUS THAT PART WERE HE MADE HESTON LOOK LIKE THE BIGGEST JERK ON THE FACE OF THIS EARTH WAS TOTALY EDITID . GO ON THE SITE AND YOU 'LL KNOW WHAT I MEAN . Documentrys are suppose to show the trueth of what go 's on NOT a big fat lie like what moore did . A perfect documentry is to watch one of Robert Evans 's films -LRB- No joke . My name is really Robert Evans and Im not saying to watch his films just cause I have the same name as him at all . His documentry is really good -RRB- . This movie is just full of it . I am truly dissapointed at what moore did to make his point clear . But if you are interested in watching a film bout LIES LIES LIES than this is the perfect film to watch.Later ...
 Maybe you can recall those heady days when you sat around your dorm rooms as freshmen and explored new , liberal ideas -- like jumping on stupid white men for all the ills of the world . most of us outgrew it . michael moore ca n't . stupid white men are the cause of all the problems of the world -- including providing guns to the world to protect themselves . moore also veers off into his usual blather about the poor black people of America . He shows segments from the TV show , `` Cops '' , where officers wrestle down black suspects . He suggests that the the TV show deliberately goes after black suspects when the real truth might be that young black men commit the majority of serious crimes . Moore 's attitude is so patronizing you become nauseated . The hardest segment to watch was when Moore interviews a black woman principal of a school where a shooting occurred . You hear the 911 tape , the woman 's hysterical voice . moore then interviews her . when she breaks down , the camera moves in on Moore putting an arm around her shoulder , murmuring words of consolation . Gee , Mike , that was soooo spontaneous . then moore goes to Columbine HIgh School and jumps on the media for turning the tragedy into a feeding frenzy . He shows one TV pretty boy cursing because his hair gets blown awry by the wind . The reporter repeats his TV segment and we 're supposed to condemn him for manipulating the audience -- as if Moore has n't done just that . I 'd recommend this mocumentary for Hollywood wannabees -- since the first thing established movie people do is jump on the Stupid White Man bandwagon . That 's the easy way to solve all the problems of the world without thinking .
 A serious documentary should not express the film maker 's opinion like this one does . This is the worst movie ever . Michael Moore should just move to his beloved Canada and not in the 2 million dollar apt at the Dakota where ironically John Lennon was killed by a GUN , and stop milking the city of Flint and America 's problems . He is part of the problem he presents . He has shamelessly edited parts of the interviews to present his points of view . He simply does not present the truth , but only his personal opinions as if they were the truth , I found this `` documentary '' to be DISCUSTING and INSULTING TO ANYONE 'S INTELLIGENCE .
 If you do n't question at least some of the conclusions Moore draws in this film , you might as well stop reading now . It 's no secret that Moore has an agenda , whether you agree with the message of not . If you 'd like to educate yourself on facts , or at least be able to address actual factual information , I strongly recommend ' More Guns Less Crime ' , by John Lott . He has compiled 20 years worth of statistical data from every county in the United States concerning gun related crime , as opposed to Moore 's exploitation of one sad day of our history , and a series of out of context quotes by NRA members , compiled not to enhance facts , but rather to ensite hatred.If you want drum-beating , liberal sensationalism , watch Moore . If you want facts , read Lott .
 Michael Moore like Leni Riefensthal creates a propagandist 's `` documentary , '' where truth is not as important as is the message to the faithful . His faithful are those who would abdicate their rights to a government and who would make decisions based on raw emotion . To these neo-brownshirts truth is an inconvenience . Like Triumph of the Will , the images can be alluring but we must stand guard against any untruth .
 Marketed as a documentary , in fact it is just a movie . Facts are flawed , dates and times altered to give Moore 's argument the appearance of credibility . Watch `` The Reality of Reality Shows '' Moore utilized the same methods . Freedom to bare arms and freedom of speech are both protected equally under the constititution . Any argument you can make restricting free speech you can make for restricting freedom to bare arms and vice versa . P.S. Micheal ; ever hear of Slim Fast or Gillette ?
 Michael Moore is a liar . Liar . Pants on fire . Do NOT watch this movie . DOOOOOOO NOOOOOOT WAAAATCH THIIIIIIS MOOOOOVIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEEEE unless you want lie , lies , lies , lies , lies , lies , lie and more lies .
 When someone does a documentary , it is supposed to be like reporting the news . Having said that , MR. MOORE MADE UP MOST OF THIS MOVIE , then he made it in a documentary style to make it seem like he 's telling the truth ! There is almost no statement in this movie that is true . If you want the truth , go to www.gunowners.org/jpfoib.htm .
 Michael Moore made what I thought was an entertaining , fact-filled documentary . As it turns out , a lot of his `` facts '' are unfounded and in some cases completely made up.Read David T. Hardy 's Truth About Bowling for Columbine article for more information.Next time , Moore , get your facts straight and I 'll be more convinced .
 Bowling for Soup . That 's what Michael Moore really wanted to name this documentary
 This movie is nothing but pure lies and distortions . The entire segment with Heston is one big edit job . Heston a racist ? The man marched with MLK . Moore 's European figures on gun shot victims are much lower then the actual figures . He skips over the European countries that require that their citizens have guns , yet have much lower crime rates . Some how he thinks that comparing a country with a minority population of 12-13 percent , is equal to a country that is over 30 percent minority . He gives no per capa figures , which is all that really matters anyway . He completely ignores the fact that the safest states in America to live are the ones with the least minorities , and most laxed gun laws . He presents this little boy who was very violent , had already stabbed one child before the shooting , and has since stabbed another as the victim of loose gun laws . Pass on this movie . Take the 10 minutes to research the info for yourself , rather then believe what some -LRB- one else -RRB- has to say .
 You can read all the other reviews for synapsois and analysis , but as far as entertainment value , this movie sucks . It tries to hard to pack political points .
 documentary PPronunciation Key -LRB- dky-mnt-r -RRB- adj.Consisting of , concerning , or based on documents.Presenting facts objectively without editorializing or inserting fictional matter , as in a book or film.Entertaining movie . Great wit . But Moore , and those who voted him the Oscar need to go back to the dictionary and see what a documentary truly is . This is Moore 's story - not a documentary .
 Imagine that a woman is raped . She sets her rapist 's house on fire . The public is horrified . They say , `` How did this deranged maniac ever gain access to gasoline ? It 's all the fault of the gasoline industry ! '' Then imagine that someone makes a documentary in which he hounds gasoline company excecutives , gas station attendants , and fire breathers about the incident , asking them if they feel personally responsible for the rapist 's house getting burnt.By refusing to look at the root cause of the Columbine shooting , in this case bullying , that 's what our media and politicians have done.As long as we continue to downplay and/or blame the victims for bullying , expect more school shootings . As long as we continue to blame the gun industry , who are selling a legal product and who are not responsible for how the customer handles it , expect more school shootings . If all the guns are taken away and the next school bullying victim kicks his classmates to death , can the shoe industry be held responsible ?
 This ` documentary ' is rambling , incoherent blather ; a tiresome dose of Moore 's diatribe , which he achieves by endlessly interviewing inarticulate people who echo his sentiments . The fleeting moments of intelligence are rare ; the man in the blue shirt who talks about the influence of Marilyn Manson , and the sergeant who curtly answers Moore about L.A. pollution , and then ignores him , shine like lamps in the dark.I 'm astounded that tripe like this would win an Oscar , but of course , the Academy has lost much credibility in the last decade or so , and an award is all but meaningless . Moore 's Oscar proves it . A lot of this ` documentary ' has the feel of those UFO conspiracy films , but is a lot less entertaining.Moore tries to minimize the gravity and reality of 9/11 . He totally distorts facts , and goes back to what he knows best
 For openers , allow me to point out a duly missed fact
 Michael Moore 's pathetic excuse for a documentary is nothing but political propaganda . Like Fahrenheit , 9/11 Michael Moore is simply capitalizing on American tragedies . I , for one , am ashamed that we , the American public , make people like this rich by buying and watching his `` documentaries '' .
 For educational value , these 2 hours may captivate a small percentage of people who are otherwise unaware of the political issues surrounding gun control . Unfortunately , it is very one-sided , and a conservative filmmaker could easily put together a film in rebuttal.For entertainment value , this film had none . It was n't funny -LRB- despite many reviews -RRB- and it primarily focused on American tragedies , which should n't be considered entertainment.Don ' t waste your time or money .
 Hmm ... when I first saw this I was excited because I thought Roger and Me -LRB- 1989 -RRB- was one of the most thought provoking documentaries I had ever seen . When I came out from the theater with my friends , they were talking about how brilliant it was . Being 18 , and raised in a very liberal environment in the Boston suburbs , I was agreeing with them for the longest time , but then I watched it a second time with new information and realized that while making its point -LRB- to me anyway , WAY too many people writing here certainly missed it ... -RRB- , there was something bothering me.You have to admit that Moore is good at what he does . He always does an excellent job of setting up his scenes and shots . Whether you agree with his opinions or not , his view , as portrayed by the camera , does a great job of seizing you . He does prey on the unwittingness of others , and i 'm sure that Moore would not want to be the victim of his own tactics . But sound splicing and video editing ? Moore what is this ? Its false advertising , that 's what it is . This movie is a semi-documentary , if that ... that 's what bothers me about this movie.The cartoon -LRB- with NRA and KKK , and such -RRB- I thought was a over the top . While being very funny -LRB- clearly the brain child of the creators of South Park -RRB- , many of the facts are distorted . Yet other scenes such as with Nichols , who , I 'm sorry to say , is still not familiar with Ghandi , and with the kids ditching school in Canada were , I thought , the most imortant . People who have been writing reviews of this have either been apparantly so enlightened by this movie that `` OMG !!! 5 stars ... this is genious ! Guns are terrible ! '' or ranted that `` Moore sucks , GUNS UP ! '' Well , this movie is NOT about guns . It 's about Americans as human beings , and why we do n't -LRB- as a whole -RRB- have as much regard for life as say , Canadians or the French . That 's what this film is attacking . I guess you could say that its attacking our culture , but that did n't bother me . People are either so far to the left or so far to the right that they ca n't see this movie for what it is.This * MOVIE * is worth seeing.A for point and some of the content . D + for filmaking.Gets it point across ?
 htis movie should be subtitledlies and the lying liar that tells themmichale moore has NEVER let the truth getting in the way of his `` film making '' his life has been at the expense of others m isery ... roger and me -- layoffs of gm workedscolumbine - death/murderfaren 9/11 - even more death and murderthere are entire websites devoted to his un-fairy tales ... and NO i am not a member of NRA ... which liberal fools will start screaming ... etc. . . etc. . . if you enjoy garbage you will love this film , and others M Moore has spewed out ... enough said
 If you are a flaming liberal and are convinced that anyone with thought and reasoning skills is out to get you , you will still think this documentary sucks . It 's amazing how closely someone 's art mirrors themselves . Moore 's little outburst at the Oscars is what prompted me to write this review . Do n't support this idiot or his films . Amazon.com is the best site on the web , but buy a different movie . Moore should go live in some kniving country like France and make movies about backstabbing your allies.YOU AND YOUR DOCUMENTARY SUCK MOORE !!!
 BFC is a vacuous exposition of self-proclaimed communist Michael Moore 's disdain for white conservatives . While entertaining at times , watching Moore harass bank tellers and retail cashiers gets old rather quickly.Make no mistake , this film is not a documentary ! It documents no event , investigates no issue , and offers little of substance regarding the Columbine tragedy or anything else . It 's a collection of skits , nothing more .
 Documentary is my favorite type of film , and the fact that they comprise such a small segment of what gets made and released makes me want to see any one of them that comes along , even if the subject matter is n't something immediately appealing to me -LRB- `` American Movie '' for example , which I was n't expecting much of but turned out to be great -RRB- . I never thought much of Michael Moore before seeing this , but it was promoted as a documentary so I thought I 'd try it out . IF YOU WANT TO SEE A DOCUMENTARY , DO N'T BOTHER WITH `` BOWLING FOR COLUMBINE '' . It is not a documentary . It is not even a `` film '' . It 's a `` movie '' of fictitious skits designed to make blinkered people in places like San Francisco and the Upper West Side of Manhattan feel good by treating their fantasies and lurid desires as if they were reality . Several of the reviewers on this site go into detail about how Michael Moore stages , alters , and distorts in this little `` movie '' , so I wo n't be redundant . I 'll just say that if you feel like seeing a factual presentation of a political event or issue , get `` One Day in September '' , a TRUE documentary about probably the most relevant issue in America , today -- terrorism .
 if this is what hollywood considers an award worthy `` documentary '' , why wasnt spinal tap given an oscar.one lie after another . one 1/2 truth followed by a twisted situation . this movie is as much a documntary as star wars is .
 This movie will be well loved by people who are closed minded left wingers . Unfortunately he lost me in his attempts to draw conclusions through truly in-direct premises . Stating that a missile plant has something to do with the absolutely horrific events that took place at the high school is just ... well ... stupid ... He paints the picture that he wants to paint ... which is completely biased ... The interviews he conducts are all very well planned with the complete intention to try and make the viewer agree with his opinions ... The representatives he chooses for his opposition are ignorant and extreme ... He takes conversations , events , etc. . . and very nicely pieces them all together in his own context ... I was really looking forward to this movie but to my dismay it was just a pretty piece of propaganda ... Well , better luck next time ... One piece of advice ... if you do watch this , try to watch it using your own mind to form its own opinions ...
 As an anti-gun activist , I looked forward with anticipation to Bowiling for Columbine . However , fifteen minutes into it , I wanted to run for the door . I suppose I had forgotten Moore 's other messes of movies and books in the process , but my suspension of disbelief came to a crashing halt the moment Moore began his `` Wonderful World '' Ode.Moore simply can not reach out to the other side , and instead contents himself by relying on propoganda -LRB- sp ? -RRB- and dogma to boost his Hitler-esque visual rants -- thats right , i compared his style to Hitler . He edits with all the moral fiber of a tabloid journalist , and he hammers his one-track message millions of times into your heads -- subtlety is a key in arguments.What makes me concerned is Moore 's hostile attitude . He paints opponents as neanderthals and bloodthirsty , self-interested , cold-hearted hypcrites . Yet what Moore does n't seem to realize is that this only adds to their cause . Despite Moore 's isolated worldview , the right has by and large been forgiven of its hard-line stance.What scares people , and why I get so many doors slammed in my face and funding dropped to anti-gun programs , is that the left has become , in their eyes , a group of radicals who do n't listen to anyone but their mantra , ignoring the human cost over ideals . Moderate leftists are seen as Clinton-ites , merely twisting in the wind . Had Moore used his movie to showcase those on the fence in the argument , or gone for more healthy criticisms of the gun-movement -LRB- financial backing by the companies , safeties , etc. -RRB- , he could affect far more change . This movie , far from encouraging me in my cause , discouraged me , and made me question whether I was actually right in my convictions -- and I 'm on Moore 's side , to an extent.In the end , the movie is a failure . It will rpobably be shown in underground meetings for Communist student groups and radical environmentalists in Berkeley -- and then ignored , as all propoganda is in the end .
 What Moore forgets to explain in his Docudrama is that we are truly the only free nation on Earth . Yes we all agree there are unnecessary deaths due to gun crimes ; however , the underlying reason for owning guns in the United States is to maintain the freedom from tyrants and foreign invaders . With the lessons of 9-11 , we should all be aware that at any moment , the United State could be embroiled in turmoil so great , you and I may not be able to fathom all the implecations . Yes I may be talking about things that hopefully will never happen , but our Founding Fathers were on the right track . They learned from History and were determined not to repeat it . They understood that weapons in the hands of the citizenry -LRB- yes some citizens are irresponsible -RRB- was a means to keeping our freedom .
 I just wish they would n't call this movie documentary , Moore simply bases his own leftist opinion throughout the movie . Instead of showing things how they are , Moore decided to edit , and fabricate things to make it look as though every gun owner in America is a serial killer and a threat to those around them . I can see if we wants to oppose war thats fine , however saying out nation was found on pure violence it obvious that he has n't learned much . Some people must have not learned about The Decleration of Indpendence . Moore also tells us that anyone who fought in a war , and has kids means they will be killers . Very few men who serve enjoy killing people , but try to defend Micheal Moore . I hate coming off as some crazy conservative , however I just wish some people who see this movie and do n't see the whole story . The movie can be convincing when Moore doctors things to make America 's gun culture look like an army of killers . If you are a strong liberal , thats your right , just realize Moore is not showing the whole picture , just his leftist opinion .
 This film is a documentary by Michael Moore about why we have so many gun related homicides in the U.S. . It is very liberal and appears to be against big business , rich people , capitalism , and the white man . The film is not very scholarly and is extremely biased . It is an `` Escape Documentary '' meant to stir emotion in the uneducated and to give fame to the director . It is about as real as reality TV . It 's in bad taste that the director uses this type of vehicle to profit from the Columbine tragedy . I feel sorry for the young impressionable people who watch this without exposure to counter points of view . The following are a few notables : `` Crime is going down in the U.S. , but media coverage of crime is rising . '' Actually , crime IS on the rise in the U.S. REPORTED crime is on the decline . Unless you 're one of the dimishing number of people who still carry insurance , there 's not much reason to report . If you 're a business , it 's in your best interest NOT to report crime because that shows your area as being a high crime district . Police departments are also motivated to `` work with '' crime statistics to make them appear to be doing their job.The film constantly shows that the white man is needlessly scared of the black man . The film says that is why the white people buy guns . I personally do n't like films that stir up racial hatred like this . In the past , it might have been about race . Today , it is about social class . People want to associate with other people of the same values . The day we quit being racists is the day we quit discussing race . Lets discuss the REAL issue
 I have a good one it is the 4th of July that means it is terrible day for Kerry but anyway here it is `` What do you do if your fat `` the answer is you go on a Dietfor Micheal Moore is you dont feed his wallet are his bellyhe is fat but not phat . `` Micheal Moore is a terrorist and should not be supported at all the mohgajadin come on `` Stop bowling Mike you suck
 This film is absolutely absurd . The Second Amendment to the United States Constitution guarantees that all Americans have the right to own firearms , and that right shall not be infringed . I can not believe that a democratic nation should allow something like gun control . I am also glad that our government is getting rid of it . America had as many guns before the increase in the crime rate , beginning in the 1960s , as it does today . The reason for the increase in our crime rate is because of the violence that is glorified in our video games . Moore 's arguement against this is that Japan has more violent video games than the United States yet their crime rate is lower . But there is another part of the story that Moore does not tell us about . In recent years , many gruesome murders have taken place in Japan , all committed with samurai swords -LRB- the weapons used in most of Japan 's video games -RRB- . Do n't sacrifice our rights to gun ownership . Michael Moore is just being a political socialist manipulator and is trying to politicize the Columbine shooting .
 So many technical lies about guns and gun control and the American people this is unusable except as the rankest vile progressive propaganda . If you believe most any of this is true you need a reality check . Moore stacks more BS than most and does it with such hypocritical assurance that only the gullible will be taken in .
 This movie is pure garbage . The facts just do n't add up and Mr. Moore is proving the other side right and himself wrong by spouting off the propaganda as he does in this film . After watching a certain Canadian-made documentary about Mr. Moore and then watching this film again , I came away with the conclusion that Mr. Moore is overgrown baby who needs to grow up . I 'm no lover of the NRA , but they come off as victims here and I feel like joining just to spite this fat , whining little baby ... Michael Moore has ZERO credibility no matter what `` documentary '' he makes .
 In the spirit of , `` I 'll suffer so you do n't have to , '' I decided to rent Michael Moore 's Bowling for Columbine yesterday . After the filmmaker 's regal reception at the Democratic Party convention , where he was seated next to President Carter , I realized that not bothering to view his works would forever hamper my ability to defeat his positions . What I saw was more horrifying -LRB- and boring -RRB- than I ever expected . This movie won countless awards and is loved thousands of people but it amounts to little more than the enactment of one cheap emotional stunt after another.Moore is the star of the film and we unfortunately are subjected to his lumbering , dour , guilt-racked frame in shot after shot . He is constantly lead-faced and saddened ; appalled and unflinching . He will go to any length to uncover the truth-provided he does n't have to deal with clever people who may disagree with him.Moore 's outlook is the embodiment of the Manichean worldview . There are no grays or even light browns in his work . He divides society into victims and oppressors and , just as we see every day on the talk shows , he pulls victims out of his hat and films confrontations with their accusers . The result is a fruitcake drenched in emotional hysteria.This film is a triumph of emotion over reason . There are no facts except those that Moore can twist within the confines of his theories . It is the glorification of the sixties ethos , `` The issue is not the issue . '' What else is there then ? When somebody is shot , it can never be a result of the shooter 's emotional state , it must always be the fault of outside nefarious influences . It was a nearby Lockheed-Martin plant that was to blame or a nearby plutonium plant or the towering shadow of the Air Force Academy.The real monster ex machina in Bowling for Columbine is not a gun but another mechanism for self-defense known as the United States of America . Moore regards us as being wholly inferior to other nations . If only we could be more like Canada then our problems would be solved . There , life is a socialist paradise . People do n't lock their doors and the criminals who enter only take a couple of things and then merrily go on their way . The director knows this is the truth not through any statistical analysis but due to his interviews with adults in a Sarnia bar and with some kids outside a Taco Bell . Why should he have to study the matter when such experts are readily available ? Anyway , Moore regards Ottawa 's free health care system as the epitome of heaven on earth ; although he never inquires as to how long they have to wait for their MRIs or how many people there flood the borders whenever they experience a serious health crisis . Canada 's health care system is a joke and only a detached elitist like Michael Moore would be uneducated enough to regard socialism as being anything other than the acrid , gelatinous mess that it is.Yet , for this viewer , there is nothing as foul and evil about Bowling for Columbine than its incessant race baiting . A short cartoon tells the history of the United States and we discover that our past is merely one long parade of racism against blacks . It 's all whitey 's fault . There are no individuals on this earth , only varying hues of pigmentation . One gets the feeling from his films that whenever he runs out of things to say that he decides to foment a race war . As in Fahrenheit 9/11 , his attempts to foster paranoia within the black community will likely never end . He postulates that white fear is the motivating factor behind gun ownership . Then he implies that the Second Amendment was written exclusively for the benefit of white men which is a blatant lie . More canards are offered such as the risible claim that the NRA is the direct descendent of the Ku Klux Klan and that they , like the Klan , were formed to subjugate blacks . That the first NRA President was a former Union General is an extraneous fact apparently . Michael Moore is a man incapable of simply responding to what is so he must fabricate events in order to have anything meaningful to say about them.Personally , I recommend seeing this film because conservatives in this country need to know what we 're up against . On display here is the soul of a truly sick man whom many of the young hail as a conquering hero . Michael Moore is a racialist in the tradition of the Nazis , the Imperial Japanese , the Klan and the Black Panthers . Like with many other leftists , racism is at the root of most of what he says . To Moore , white is synonymous with evil and black is synonymous with good . Whites fear blacks because we are all cowards ; whereas all blacks are brave . Whites flee to the suburbs and hole up with their guns awaiting a siege . So then what do we make of white people like me who live in the city ? What about all the black Americans who own guns ? Moore must attribute it to our false consciousness I suppose . This filmmaker has nothing but disdain for his home state of Michigan , nothing but bile for his nation , and nothing but derision for those who share his skin color . Bowling for Columbine is not a documentary . It is a profile of an individual 's inner-hate projected upon the world around him .
 Michael Moore points out that guns are not the problem in this country , that the liberal media is to blame for making a `` Scared society '' then proceeds to spout off about guns and scare us even more . He never points out that gun deaths in South America far out number the ones here in USA . He goes after Kmart for the shootings in Colorado , how miss directed is that ? He needed to point out the true responcibility is that of the parents of these children , and that a socialized society is not the answer for our violent behavior . WHAT A MORON !
 I would rate this 0 stars , but that is not an option.Moore splices together speeches by Heston that took place more than a year apart and even takes portions of his speech in Denver and pieces them together in a most misleading way.The rally in Denver was in fact a member 's meeting that could not legally be cancelled.Moore encourages his viewers to look at the reasons behind these happenings , yet he does not , instead dismissing everything except poor gun control laws as the reason behind violent shootings.As someone who almost became deeply involved in a plot similar to the crime referenced in the title of this film , I know the thoughts that run through people 's heads when they run out and massacre their peers.Moore ignores the testimony of students from Columbine that Eric and Dylan were `` weird '' and `` picked on a lot '' , choosing to provide false information about the location of the boys in the early morning of April 20 , about Lockheed , and just about everything else in this farce of a movie .
 How long is Michael Moore going to be able to do this type of documentary ? My guess is , that at some stage , people are going to be onto him . The segment with Charlton Heston is the most glaring case-in-point . He hounds Heston 's people for an interview , finally gets some camera time with him and then totally submarines the man . I guess he 's counting on Heston 's having joined the Ronald Reagan Lost Recall Brigade . How else could Heston not have known going into the interview of Moore 's muckraking past ? Might it have had something to do with Moore 's positioning himself as a longtime NRA , card carrying member , an undying gun enthusiast ? Is that not at least a middling form of dissembling and misinformation -LRB- which Moore accuses his opponents of doing ? -RRB- . I 'm not by any means a fan of the NRA . The fact that Heston went ahead with those rallies in Denver and Michigan is despicable . I 'm just not into filmmakers ' engaging in dishonest subterfuges in hopes of getting someone to look bad on camera . I 'd also have to add that the guy can at least think on his feet . When his big crusade against K-Mart towards the end of the film entirely fizzles , when big , bad , corporate K-Mart shows it has a human heart , Moore parades about and lauds himself in one of the most self-aggrandizing displays I 've ever seen on film . Sorry , much as I agree with many of the points he 's trying to get across , this film and his Oscar acceptance speech marks him as a not-so-much-as-rent in the future.BEK
 Let 's face it . Michael Moore movies are nothing more than his OPINION ! Let 's not forget that Columbine was a well funded schoool , with well off parents . Instead of blaming firearms and their owners , perhaps we should blame the parents who fail to supervise their children and teach them right from wrong , and the media , who glorify these acts of mass murder , and give these -LRB- jerks -RRB- their fifteen minutes of fame . Maybe I 'll make a movie ... `` Bowling for idot peolpe who take no accountability for their actions , and blame everyone else for their failures of adulthood ! ''
 Bowling For Columbine is disappointing , disturbing , and dishonest , in a way that Moore ` sRoger & Menever could have been . Although it poses as a `` documentary '' -LRB- `` nonfiction '' , in contrast to the 2000 election , as Moore tells us in his Oscar acceptance speech -RRB- , a better comparison would be to one of the new crop of `` reality '' TV shows . The movie is dishonest not only because of its inaccuracies -LRB- one hesitates to call them `` lies '' , as it 's unclear whether they 're deliberate or simply a combination of sloppiness and self-deception -RRB- , but because Moore poses as someone honestly concerned about getting to the bottom of a complex problem while exploiting his subject -LRB- and the movie 's participants -RRB- for cheap laughs and propaganda . It 's disturbing because of the gravity of the subject . It 's disappointing because Moore is capable of so much more . Rent the movie , certainly ; but do n't swallow anything Moore says without checking for yourself ; in the end , you may learn a great deal , though perhaps it will be more about propaganda than about guns or violence .
 I agree with the other person who posted on this being a `` mockumentary '' . I saw this `` film '' and can only describe it as utter trash and not even worth wasting the plastics on to release on DVD . Michael Moore 's views are n't all that positive and his second-rate b-movie style filming in this tv-like program is just pathetic . Do n't waste your time and do n't give it a second thought . Buy a National Geographic Documentary instead . It 'd be more educational and worth your money .
 Where to begin ?? If you are a liberal -LRB- and liberal with the truth -RRB- then you will love this video . If , on the other hand , truth matters , do n't bother with it.An example
 Normally documentaries are based on fact and not fiction . I guess when the facts do n't agree with your left wing agenda you can just make stuff up and be rewarded by hollywood .
 *** Just as a sidenote before I begin : I recently looked at Moore 's new book , `` Dude , Where 's My Country ? '' , where the reader is treated to another childish dissertation from this simpleton.In the book , Moore goes into utterly boring and repetative soapbox-class speeches about how the people of this Country are being exploited and used by the ` Rich Robber-Barrons ' and Politicians , so I was just wondering , Mike ... After exploiting this tragedy of Columbine , how much of the profits from this film did you share with the victims of this shooting spree?This film is making fun at a very serious subject . The logic presented to the viewer in this film is about as insightful as a fortune cookie from your local Chinese take-out resturaunt.Moore seems more concerned about the gun lobby than examining the question of why these teens decided to turn their high school into a live-action video game . The question should not be how did they get the guns , but WHY did they use them ? Why did they find human life so cheap ? No answers here!The filmaker seems more concerned with own his political agenda than a legitimate search for the truth . The only thing I got from this film is Moore 's opinion that Charleton Heston and Martin-Merietta were responsible for Columbine . It 's all done with editing , and this man goes to town ! There 's no kind of sensitivity whatsoever to this film ; it 's more like watching a comedy.I have lost all faith in the Academy of Motion Pictures for trying to give this unsubstantiated clap-trap any shred of legitimacy . People , just because the camera moves around a lot and goes to everyday places , does n't make it the truth . It also does n't make it a documentary!You 'd have a more thought-provoking experience watching `` Walker-Texas Ranger '' than wasting your time on this garbage .
 If you 're anti-gun , you 'll watch this movie anyway.My personal opinion is that violence IS indeed a part of American culture , as well as most other cultures . It freed us from oppression of the English . It allowed our ancestors to conquer the land -LRB- not that I really like what happened to the natives -RRB- . It helped US citizens create a nation , defend it through two world wars , and deal with numerous other threats . As a result , life in the US has been relatively easy and wealthy ... Ironically , Hollywood has become so spoiled that the do n't respect the legacy of violence that even today , still prevents their `` cribs '' from being ransacked by thieves . I say remove the weapons from the LAPD cops ' hands and lets see what happens to Hollywood ! I have no respect for their ignorance . Moore has simply found a controversial point of view , and taken Hollywood 's side.The creation of anti-gun laws in general does the following : * removes the power of self-defense from citizens * is not effective because criminals will always have illegal weapons * allows the government to have more power over the citizens -LRB- which could be a good or bad thing depending on your perspective , but that 's a rant for another day . -RRB- Moore shows no respect for folks like Charlton Heston in this movie . Heston devoted much of his life -LRB- much more than Moore has devoted to his efforts -RRB- to keeping power in the hands of American citizens . Moore 's method of making this movie , to me , is offensive.Overly-caffeinated ranting fat men can appear to win arguments when in fact they are wrong - this is something I 've certainly seen first hand on many occasions , and its how stupid people often get their way . The truth is that Moore is playing to Hollywood 's anti-gun crowd , and followers are showing great approval of his work -LRB- of course -RRB- . Just a little FYI , in addition to Moore being a hypocrite , Many of the Hollywood anti-gun folks -LRB- George Clooney , Kevin Costner , Arnold Schwartzenegger , etc -RRB- were IN MANY VIOLENT MOVIES despite their anti-gun ramblings . If that is n't HYPOCRACY , I do n't know what is!So do n't fall into the trap of believing that guns are evil and wrong - they are agnostic tools that allow people to use them for both right and wrong . Do n't fall into the anti-gun crowd 's trap . Think about the issue thoroughly before you jump on the liberals ' bandwagon in this case .
 I was very , very disappointed with this documentary . It largely consists of editing tricks -LRB- lies -RRB- to make its point . Example : In one of the Heston speeches , it appears Heston is telling the Columbine mayor `` too bad '' in response to the tragedy . In reality , if you look carefully , HESTON 'S TIE CHANGES COLOR SEVERAL TIMES during the speech . Hmmm . Why ? Because Moore is editing together multiple speeches / random phrases , from many different cities , to give the ILLUSION of a single speech . Moore is not showing us a real speech . He 's showing us a > fake speech < that he wrote himself & using Heston like a puppet.Why does Moore have to create fake speeches to make his point ? Why lie ? It makes no sense .
 Before I saw this movie , I heard so many good things about it from two of my politically liberal friends . As I consider myself to be a liberal as well , I sincerely approached `` Bowling for Columbine '' -LRB- BFC -RRB- , as a movie that I wanted to like . I did n't know anything about the producer Micheal Moore at the time.Of course the movie was completely biased in the most sensationalists of ways . I thought the interview with Charlton Heston was completely unfair to a man who was nice enought to allow Micheal Moore into his home . In short , Heston was blind-sided . I did n't get the point of the Marilyn Manson segment except that he was trying to say that his music has no effect on children 's behavior -LRB- Actually modeling has a HUGE effect on children 's behavior ; see the works of psychologist Albert Bandura -RRB- . I think that a documentary on violence in America could have been much better done . There is wealth of psychological and philosophical resources to draw from . To make it all simply a `` gun '' issue misses these points . It all comes down to good parenting , good role models , good nutrition , understanding alienation in American society . You ca n't blame all of that on Charlton Heston.I would rent the movie , not buy it . BFC is most mostly for shock value.By the way , my own view on guns is that that there should be greater controls on who gets a gun and why -LRB- waiting periods ect . -RRB- , but ultimately , people have a right to defend themselves against those who may be out to hurt them . My grandmother is a 75 year-old widow who lives in a rural area with another an 80 year old widow . Those two old ladies pack a rifle . In that my grandmother and her room-mate are American citizens with impeccable records and no history of instability , why should n't they be allowed to defend themselves?While I do not and probably would not choose to own or use a gun , some people feel as though they need them.I think that Micheal Moore is something of a soul-mate to people like Ann Colture and the `` conservative '' radio loud mouths like Bill O'Rielly , Rush Limbaugh and company . These people are n't really interested in issues or exchanging intelligent ideas . Their gig is to entertain , to shock , to get people riled up . Whether it comes from the Left or the Right it all seems to me to be very insincere .
 `` Bowling for Columbine '' attempts to find an answer to a complex question
 Filmmaker , author , and talk show guest Michael Moore 's tiresome and onerous presence at the March 2003 Academy Awards deserved a special statuette for Best Perfoemance by a Delusional Propagandist . But the Best DOcumentary award given him instead was of course entirely undeserved , and his rhetoric , preaching to `` the beautiful people , '' was not particularly angering or inspiring , merely embarrassing . But surprisingly , and justifiably , Moore was vociferously booed for his patronizing commentary , despite his blissful denial of the actual reaction . Is there any better arena than the Academy Awards to showcase your self-importance ? That traditional annual exhibition of Hollywood self-aggrandizement is already shallow enough without the likes of Moore making it even less relevant by croaking out his rabid political pseudo-cause . After all , it 's a quick flick of the remote to find the barrage of numbing , biased wartime news coverage -LRB- anti-war protestors and all -RRB- . Freedom of speech and expression is inarguably important under the Ashcroft-envisioned police state . And there should be -LRB- and would be ? -RRB- warranted outcry if Moore was somehow censored or silenced . He has every right to speak his mind no matter how idiotic . But spewing jargon and distorted nonsense at a crowd of &uuml;ber - wealthy celebrities and a home television audience that merely wants a little pointless entertainment during uncertain times defeats reasonable debate and deliberation . It makes you a preacher , no better than Pat Robertson or Jerry Falwell and their misguided band of not-so-merry cohorts . There is sensible debate and deliberation , and then there is the tele-evangelist approach to getting the message across , calling out to the Lord -LRB- the electronic god mass-media -RRB- to make the flock follow the blind shepherd.So , Moore expects us to choke down the bitter spoonful of faux-reality known as Bowling for Columbine . First off , is this `` documentary '' entertaining ? Occasionally , in that overweight Joe Six Pack in a baseball cap Michael Moore way . Is it non-fiction ? Well , no , not exactly . Whereas Roger and Me and The Big One censured and condemned corporate corruption and deceit , this time Moore tackles the theme of American `` ignorance . '' No , do n't be fooled into thinking this movie is really about gun violence . That 's just a pretext for Moore to spit his poisonous vitriol toward a country that has made him rich and famous . This is a film where the only person who comes close to making sense or hitting upon a truth is Marilyn Manson . In his commentary about being partially blamed by the repellent puritanical sect of America for his supposed supporting role in manipulating the Columbine massacre maniacs with his wintry music and lyrics , Manson is tactful , candid , and direct . He 's one small gasp of fresh air before the viewer is dragged back into Moore 's wearisome undertow.Bowling for Columbine has received substantial amounts of attention from all manners of media -LRB- television , magazines , newspapers , countless Internet sites -RRB- since its release . Now , an assortment of facts has surfaced that throw enormous heaps of doubt on the credibility of the movie and its egocentric director . Rather than rewrite and paraphrase all of these dissections and assessments of the film , here are a few links to some worthy and astute Internet sites that break it down and shine the light of reality through the murky `` facts '' of this `` non-fiction '' film : Opinion Journal
 Had to see this for a class , I just could n't stomach it . Based on lies and half truths , even the title . -LRB- It refers to , as Moore says , that the shooters at Columbine went bowling before they shot up their high school , they did n't -RRB- This is almost but not quite as stilted as Roger & Me .
 Ever seen Le Mans with Steve McQueen ? That movie was created around 24 hours of footage taken from McQueen 's -LRB- real -RRB- race car while he was driving in the 1969 24 Hours of Le Mans . The movie was created to use this footage to make a great racing movie . I think they succeeded.Michael Moore did n't . I just could n't help think `` What 's the point ? '' I finally realized that Moore had sold himself out . He created a film with such noble pretenses to address the violence rampant in our society and cheapened it by making strange political statements throughout the film.He bashes media hyping violence to get ratings , and in the same film shows a downright disturbing montage of video clips of people blowing their brains out.He ambushes and attacks Charlton Heston on Camera to make a weak point that the NRA does n't care about violence . Is n't it a bit unfair that Moore is picking on a man that was n't prepared and is barely able to think coherently?I 'm mad at this film because it touches on the issues of media hype , a culture of fear , a lack of respect for human rights and dignity and the senseless violence we Americans inflict on each other . But then Moore goes and uses these same things to get butts in the seats in his theaters . I could n't help but think that Moore is just a man with a camera who likes to make himself look smart , and the poor subjects of his camera look really stupid . Well he almost succeeds at that.The real jewels of this film are in the special features . The interview with Charlie Rose is especially interesting . I , for one , am more moved by Michael Moore the concerned citizen speaking to an intellectual equal than Michael Moore the on-camera preadator alleging that the NRA was created because the KKK became illegal in the 1870s . It 's in these features that you realize how lost this movie is . Do yourself a favor and watch these BEFORE the film . Moore wanted to make a movie to address violence in our society and get to the roots of why people kill each other.When he finishes that film , I 'd really like to watch it .
 Considering that half of this `` documentary '' is made up or staged , you 'd think Moore could have at least made it somewhat interesting . I 'm sympathetic to the cause , but let 's try to find some real answers , not pony up to the Hollywood crowd by making up boogeyman stories .
 Folks , please DO NOT accept this film as anything but a farce . Those who gush over this piece of fiction are not digging deeply enough . Drop `` truth about bowling '' into any search engine to see what really lies under the surface .
 This is no documentery , and certainly should not be labled as such . It 's listed as a documentary so it must be scored against that basis . If it were labled as a mocumentary , then I would have given it higher scores , but it 's not labled that way . There is not much truth in this film at all . Basically the point is that American 's are evil , and we should all move to Canada . Please do Mr. Moore . We wo n't miss you ! And to label the US as one of the most unsafe places to live in the world is truly mind blowing.As of last count , the UK had surpassed the US in violent crimes with a gun . Besides guns are not the only way humans can impose violence on one another . Why not include other means of violence . Because that would clearly show that the US is a very safe place to live , and would n't let him blast away about how horrible American 's are . Heck I live in an area where we never lock our doors , because there 's no need to.I 'm just waiting for him to do a piece on how big companies like GM , Ford and Chrystler are to blame for the thousands of deaths caused by automobiles a year -LRB- far more then guns -RRB- . In any case , check your facts before you watch this film . Not only that , but disregard any reference to this being a documentary , which it clearly is not . It 's nothing more then a movie in which the director is trying to shove his own views down the throats of the audience . Neither intertaining or interesting . I 'm getting tired of the whole , average American middle aged white men are to blame for everything wrong with the world .
 The movies is a collection of lies , falsities , and half truths . This is not a documentary , a Documentary shows facts , provokes thought , and allows viewers to formulate their own opinions with all present facts.This contains no facts , just a large amount of biased anti-gun rhetoric spliced with fancy video editing . Watch and be amazed as peoples ties , hair styles , and clothing changes during supposedly continuous speeches . Listen in awe as both dates , and locations are blatantly lied about.This is n't a documentary , heck , it is n't even good television .
 When I saw this movie in theaters , I thought it was great . It did n't try too hard to give you easy answers , and watching people with power squirm made for fun viewing . It left me feeling empowered.Now , however , I 'm a little wiser and more skeptical . People who have n't visited and read the site bowlingfortruth.com are being duped by this film-making mastermind . Almost every topic or incident in the film contains manipulations and misleading -LRB- sometimes even flat out FALSE -RRB- information.Off the top of my head , I can tell you that : - the interview with Charleton Heston was heavily edited , and the details of the NRA rallies are not given full and proper explanation ; Heston is not at all the bad guy Moore makes him out to be - Kayla Rolland 's 6-year-old killer was violent in school almost everyday , and the uncle 's house he had been abandoned at and where he found the gun was actually a ` crack house ' -LRB- among other omitted facts this segment should have featured -RRB- - the cartoon segment , giving a brief history of the USA 's colonization and the founding of the NRA , is remarkably misleadingThe fact that I came away from the movie , initially , moved and entertained says a lot for Michael Moore 's movie-making abilities and infectious underdog enthusiasm . But the way I see it , the guy must be in it for the money . I do feel that violence in America is a worthy topic of exploration , but this entire movie is full of deceit . Please see the websitewww.bowlingfortruth.comfor more info .
 I know that many people are posting to this movie because of the hype for Michael Moore 's latest movie . However , I legitimately just saw this movie last week for the first time.I was very disappointed to say the least . I was amazed at Moore 's ability to manipulate situations to suit himself . Most of the time he came off as a crazy loon asking very stupid questions . I understand that it was supposed to be sarcasm , but sarcasm is not the first thing I think of when it comes to teens shooting up their school.One of his biggest mistakes in my opinion was blaming Dick Clark for a little girl 's death . Not only did he blame Dick Clark personally , but he also tracked the man down to try to get an interview . It was painful and embarrassing to watch Moore carry on and yell at Dick Clark on the side of the road.Moore is also one heck of a terrible actor . Chasing Charlton Heston around Heston 's home trying to get him to look at the picture of the slain girl was ghastly . Moore then licked his acting chops , and begged Heston to look at the picture . I was appalled . I know I was supposed to be appalled that Heston refused to do it , but instead I was appalled at Moore . Michael Moore is so transparent . I did n't fall for it and I really ca n't believe other people did.I think the film did have valid points and could drum up intellectual debate , but weeding through the fiction proved more work than I anticipated from a `` documentary '' .
 Let me summarize the ideas put forward by this `` documentary '' . First all people that own guns are crazy and paranoid members of state militias that sleep with 44 magnums under their pillows . Second the NRA is an evil organization hell bent on the destruction of humanity with weapons of mass destruction . Third there is something rotten in the town of Littleton with missles being shipped overnight while the `` children '' sleep . This is the real reason the columbine shootings occured because of the Lockheed Martin missle plant in that town . I mean if a factory in the town is producing missiles then of course the teenagers arent going to know the difference between right and wrong . And of course what left wing propaganda film would be complete without the notion that white people are evil . Yes white people killed the friendly native americans and took their lands and white people continue to this day to repress black people unfairly portraying them on shows like cops as criminals . GIVE ME A BREAK ! Add to all this a painfully self righteous Micheal Moore and you have yourself 2 hours of one sided , factually innacurate liberal propaganda ... nothing more . I highly recommend you do not waste 2 hours of your life watching this ... learn from my mistake .
 Having sat through two screenings of this film , I can only conclude that Michael Moore so thoroughly hates himself , or perhaps where he comes from , that his only form of catharsis is to subject his viewing audience to endless tirades against gun owners , white people , Republicans , and President Bush in particular . And while I do not dispute the man 's right to hold whatever opinions he wants , I think this film is filled with many factual errors , baseless and politically-motivated assertions , and does not in fact deserve the title of ` documentary ' . Rather , it 's a propoganda piece , a kind of cinematic grinding axe , wherein Moore launches into soft-spoken yet clearly enraged tirades against a range of targets , capping it all off with an ambush on Charlton Heston . Balance ? Dispassion ? Critical analysis ? What are those ? Moore does n't seem to know , nor does he seem to care . I recommend this film for all capital ` L' Leftists , who will surely adore it because it basically says nothing they have n't been saying for a long time anyway . The rest of us who live in reality have better things to do with our time than let Moore occupy it with his films.Oh yes . Since Moore seems so certain that the television program `` COPS '' is a giant KKK rally against African Americans , how come when I see `` COPS '' the police are always busting white trash in trailer parks ? Just a small point , something I 'd ask Moore face to face if given the chance .
 This is one of the worst films I have ever seen . Moore tries to be insightful but fails . Save your money .
 I give Moore 2 stars , as opposed to 1 , only because I recognize his mastery of the fictional documentary genre . Some of what he says in this film are outright lies ; for instance , the Lockheed weapons factory he visits in Colorado makes satellite missiles , not arms to be used to blow up our `` innocent '' enemies , as Moore would have us believe . Still , his greatest gift -- if one can call it that -- is his ability to frame a story in such a way as to create a deliberately false impression without having to tell any actual lies . A perfect example of this is the `` What a Wonderful World '' sequence in which Moore castigates America for all of the horrible , international atrocities it has committed in the last half century , while conveniently omitting the type of information that might give a more realistic account of these supposedly heinous incidents.Moore 's depictions of Canada , Charlton Heston , and the NRA are likewise misleading . Our neighbors to the North are living in a virtual crime-less utopia , if one is to buy into the claims of this film . However , there is evidence to suggest that violent crime is actually on the rise in many areas of Canada , but I suppose it 's silly of me to expect facts like this to show up in a `` documentary . '' The portrayal of Heston , on the other hand , is damn near libelous . Yes , Heston held an NRA meeting in Colorado soon after the Columbine tragedy . What Moore fails to inform his viewers is that this meeting had been scheduled years in advance , long before the school shooting , and that the official part of the meeting could not be cancelled due to the NRA 's own by-laws . Most of the events that had been planned in connection with this meeting were , in fact , cancelled . Though Heston did speak at the one event that was n't cancelled , he did not utter his famous `` from my cold dead hands '' remark in this speech , but instead delivered that gem in a speech a year later . Moore creates the phony impression that Heston callously said this at the Colorado meeting right after the Columbine tragedy , thus revealing Heston 's cold indifference to the suffering that had occurred . As I said before , I guess I should n't expect the facts to get in the way of a good story , or precious propaganda for that matter.Moore 's contention that the media spend a great deal of their time drumming up irrational fear is actually on target ; not realizing the value of a consistent theme , though , Moore obsessively harps on American violence so much that a thoughtful viewer is likely to wonder if perhaps some of the fear being drummed up by the media is n't that irrational after all . In the end , however , the main lessons are clear
 Bowling for Columbine is a low brow , offensive propaganda piece and is an affront to real documentary film makers . Moore uses lies , half-truths and selective editing to twist reality into what he thinks is the truth .
 So far as I can tell , there is not one compelling argument for gun control in this country . Why do people in America kill each other more than in any other democratic country ? Culture . Not the availability of guns . In a culture that glorifies violence , where children are subjected to Classical and Operant conditioning to kill through movies and video games , we can hardly blame the weapons themselves . What we really need is to curb our apetites for violence and our lack of empathy for our fellow man.Jamaica , which has extremely strict gun laws , has roughly the same murder rate -LRB- per capita -RRB- as Los Angeles . However , most of their murders are committed with edged weapons instead of firearms . Why ? Could it be that a culture which devalues human life produces more people with a predisposition to sociopathic behavior ? Could it be that it is not the weapons themselves , but the way we raise our children ? Probably , but it is easier to blame the instrument than to blame ourselves.Prohibition did nothing to curtail the use of alcohol . Drug laws have not taken care of our drug problem . In fact , one could argue that these laws have actually produced MORE crime by making otherwise law abiding citizens law breakers , and by creating huge crime syndicates dedicated to trafficking in illegal goods , with all of the violence that accompanies such organizations.The average gun owner is an law abiding citizen who has gone through the proper channels to buy a gun , and who intends to use it for legal sporting or defensive puposes . The average criminal has not obtained his/her gun in a legal manner , and doubtless uses it in illegal pursuits . Turning a blind eye to this and screaming for gun control only takes the emphasis off of where the real problems lie.As a gun owner , I am not angry about films such as Moore 's . Nor do I hate the man himself . I think we are all shocked and appalled by events such as the killings in Columbine . I sypathize with everyone who wants to put a stop to such events . I just wish that we could focus on the real problem instead of going after a scapegoat .
 I 've always enjoyed Michael Moore 's films , and even more his tv shows . His humor and ability to show both sides of an argument are great aids and he used them to his advantage in everything up to this film . The humor , though tasteful -LRB- not to mention pretty funny -RRB- takes center stage , leaving Bowling for Columbine empty of any legitimate cross-arguments from pro-second amendment activists . Besides , put yourself in Heston 's shoes . If you had a rabid anti-gunner , -LRB- Moore who has every right to be so , God bless him -RRB- barking at you that your president of an orginization out to make sure anyone and everyone can buy a gun , how would you react ? Besides , editing can go a long way in making someone look bad.I do suggest that EVERYONE see this movie . If your anti-second amendment , you 'll get great laughs and enjoy hating Heston even more . If your pro-second amendment , you need to see what the other side is saying . Besides , if you write this movie off as being bad just because it does n't carry your own political views , than your just as bad as the people you oppose.Oh , yeah ... Oscar nomination , certainly . Winner , I do n't think so .
 How can this be accepted for anything other than a weak piece of fiction when Moore readily admits to taking editorial privilages in manipulating the footage and facts to agree with his distorted view of America . The Wall Street Journal even exposed the lies and hypocrisy of Moore 's film . Please spend of few minutes and Google the facts behind this travesty .
 Moore sets out to blame guns , ratherthan the people who make Prozac andother ` designer ' seditives for themassacre at Columbine High Schooland runs afoul of Mr. NRA himself , Moses , better known as CharletonHeston . Heston , gentlemanly as heis defeats all futile argumentsMoore , an anit-gun -LRB- mostly -RRB- leftisthas v. the Second Amendment . Longlive the second Amendment , otherwisethe First Amendment is gone , too!Moore should wake and wise up . BetterMoore efforts that are highly recom-mended are
 This isnt a documentary , its entertainment using the Columbine tradegy for shock value and attention . C'mon Mike , you coulda made this without invoking a horrific event . The scenes with Charlton Heston prove waht a nut Mike is , have some respect man ...
 Ill-supervised , lonely , bullied children are responsible for the murders at Columbine , not guns . Better to ask yourself WHY children in America are committing these heinous acts than do a knee-jerk ` blame the NRA ' thing.How about the sea of pornography , much of which exploits children , running through our land ? How about the greed for money and power exhibited by women in our country , resulting in kids coming home to empty BIG houses and eating dinner by themselves ? How about the lack of respect for human life we teach our children when we say a woman has a right to choose a late term abortion , even if that means we karate-chop a 4 lb baby 's head before it 's even out of her womb ? How about the way we teach our children that God ca n't be trusted by teaching them it 's wrong to say His name in school?Remember this
 I do n't know why they call this a documentary , the main thing it documented me about is how subtle Moore trays to manipulate the viewer to what he wants . This is not PBS people , I never saw the interview of a sociologist or psychologist , but Moore did found time to have a moronic conversation with Marilyn Manson -LRB- ... -RRB- . Then later in the film he trays to enter his stubborn communist beliefs by almost blaming Dick Clark for the murder of a poor girl by a kid who took a gun to school . In it he argues that because the mother had to leave the child in the home of a family member to go work at a Dick Clark owned restaurant -LRB- witch he ridiculously calls `` a restaurant for the rich '' when is obvious that is nothing more than another ordinary dinner in a mall -RRB- the child took the gun at this house because the mother was n't with him , and that is Dick Clark 's fault . The reality is that this is again the typical story of another young black woman with a child and no father figure , so all the weight falls on her to raise him , or not be able to . Now , what the hell does Dick Clark 's restaurant or any other for that matter have to do with that ? He is trying to create the rich vs. poor lets blame the abuse of the rich communist crap -LRB- when there is nothing more capitalistic and much more than capitalistic than a communist , but anyhow -RRB- . This crap comes as no surprise from a fool that in his own website has written in favor of the communist system in Cuba . It seems he only sees abuse and lies when he wants to.Then he insinuates that the adults who live in Columbine Colorado are many violent people that pass this violence to their children because many of them work for the U.S.A army in a missile factory . With this argument the policemen are also violent and firemen I suppose like to play with fire . You tell me , yeah let 's dismantle the U.S.A army tomorrow because the rest of the world is Disney World . Then at the end of the movie he puts the cap to the battle by going to visit Charlton Heston and give him a hard time about the N.R.A , when Moore himself shows Chalrlton his N.R.A membership card . ??? If you are looking for something serious this is not it . This movie has a hidden purpose behind it , do n't overlook that .
 The best thing that can be said about the film is that it 's passionate . Michael Moore truly believes the things he says , and he sees righting the world as his mission . Nothing wrong with that.But what about the film ? Well , it a lot of unprofessional , talentless , well-meaning and inconsistent drivel . Here 's another proof -LRB- if you needed one -RRB- that some people -LRB- including clever , educated and sophisticated people -RRB- will swallow anything and give it a big thumbs-up , as long as it has bad things to say about Dubya and as long as it repeats tired mantras about evil American imperialism and capitalists stealing from the working people.Add a generous helping of shallow rambling about race -LRB- apparently , America became rich through slavery -RRB- , general failure to understand cause and effect in any social phenomenon , and the usual self-centered and self-important stage presence of the author , so often seen in poorly made documentaries , and you have a general description of this unberably boring , predictable and lame documentary .
 At the very least , a documentary should be factual . Any amout of research will uncover Moore 's distortion of events to promote his far left agenda . This is true of his movies and his fantasy book `` Stupid White Men . ''
 This is a very weak `` docudrama . '' Moore is back in true form , you know , that Barbara Streisand-radical socialist-self loathing-fat white-suburban looser with a camera syndrome . Moore 's political agenda is always the same - and it is quite transparent . If your curiosity is getting the best of you , and you feel you must see this flick , then at least buy it `` used '' instead of buying it new ... that way , at least Moore does n't get any money from it . That 's what I did : -RRB- Moore is like a welfare mother with eight kids ... we need to cut back his paycheck .
 After all the hype on how great this guy was I thought why not see this film . In the end I was left with the same thoughts after seeing the NSDAP -LRB- Nazi -RRB- and Soviet Cold War Films . Total bias and one side story telling . Dont bother with truth and objectivity . Clearly things are one sided and edited in such a way to protray his views . This is not a documentary but rather is progapanda just as KKK films or NeoNazi films are . All sway their views with facts , but facts from only one side . I really wonder about the education and objectivity of society today , a society that blesses this film . Wow . I agree with Gilberts post , this film sucks , but it is valuable to see , so that you can be reminded of how easy it is to sway millions with mere pictures and words like a magicians sleight of hand.-Remy
 Ultra liberal ? Hmmm , well definately not conservative . Michael Moore is making another attempt to point the finger and show you who is to blame . In Roger and Me , he pointed the finger at corporate america as the plight of the american work force . In Bowling for Columbine it 's the ancient views of the conservatives and the right to bare arms , of which I am in favor in . Again , at the Academy awards the finger was pointed at our President , calling him a ficticious president . It 's much easier to point the finger than to take the resposibility for oneself , especially when pointing the finger proves itself as a good way to make a living.If guns in society are truly the problem then how do you explain the increasing rate of children under 12 committing sexual molestation , rape and murder , without the use of guns ? What will you point your finger at next Mr. Moore ? At what point will we admit that it just may be the lack of moral and religious values that we instill in our children ? Society has become so cautious not to intrude on the values and beliefs of the few , but what will become of the freedom of the masses ? The value of religion in our schools is that it makes individuals resposible for themselves and their sins , even when there are no visible witnesses.Michael Moore will probably continue to entertain and maintain an audience , just as Jerry Springer has his own group of viewers . And in good form , I wish him the best of luck .
 Ok I 'm Not One To Slander People But This Is Copmletely Bogus . At One Point He Makes It Seem Like He Bought A Gun With No Background Check . . In Actuality The Producers Went to The Store Earler and Pre-Bought The Weapon . Also This Is A Good Movie For The Anti Americans To Buy If You Do n't Like The U.S And You Do Like Terrorism And Dictatorships Than Buy This Movie . I For One Will Avoid This Movie At All Costs After Wasting Money To See It In The Theaters . I 'm Not Saying Do n't Buy It I 'm Just Giving You My Opinion Take It As You Will .
 We watched this , ahem , `` documentary '' in one of my college courses . It was the first Michael Moore film I 'd ever seen , and I 've had a firm dislike of the man ever since . The way he cut scenes and organized the whole movie , it had the feel of the propaganda films made in Nazi Germany . It was ridiculous , absurd , and sometimes downright insulting . He threw out facts that were completely false , or sometimes just implied something that had absolutely no basis in reality . What I could n't disprove with knowledge I had off the top of my head , I was able to dismiss with 30 seconds of research in my dorm room . I suppose it 's America , and everyone has the right to release propaganda full of lies , but that does n't mean I have to enjoy it .
 From the title on this is a pure work of fiction . Michael Moore rewrites history and edits and splices audio and text freely to portray people as saying things that they never said . He staged scenes and presented them as candid shots . In his attempt to denigrate America he lies about everything from the year that the KKK was founded to the text on a B-52 memorial at the Air Force Academy to the sattelite launch vehicles built in Littleton . It is very telling that he can not make his case based on facts , and is forced to resort to fiction while claiming it to be a documentary . He portrays gun owners as ignorant fearmongers , but ultimately the joke is on his intended audience who accept his fiction as fact and buy into his own fearmongering .
 The movie itself deserves a higher star rating . It is the DVD that scores low points , particularly for the dreadful commentary provided by the interns and receptionists . I am sure that Moore intended for this to be a populist idea , but it is simply a voice over by a bunch of 20-somethings -LRB- if they are n't 20-something , they certainly sound it , if not much younger -RRB- , being silly , trying to impress each other with witty remarks that are basically stupid and painfully superficial . It is , for the most part , a rant of a bunch of kids making fun of everyone in the movie whose ideas do n't agree with theirs . I found this to be extremely insulting to the actual gravity of the film . In watching the movie , I thought it was to Moore 's credit when he interviewed people whose agenda he did n't agree with while -LRB- usually -RRB- offered them respect in return , not rolling his eyes behind their back . The ` everyman ' stance he takes can be effective when he 's talking one on one with hucksters with guns ; but when the crew ridicules them for the entire commentary section -LRB- the full run of the movie -RRB- it completely undermines the serious message of the movie , and reduces it to what sounds like a bunch of stoners goofing in front of a TV . The problem with that is that one wonders what Moore 's agenda REALLY is . I would hate to think it is as self-serving as his detractors claim he is , purely out for profit and for ego-boosting . The other clips included in the DVD are also for the most part incredibly self-indulgent -LRB- the looooong section where he tells , second by second , what it was like to win the Oscar -RRB- . The movie , however , is very good ; but it must be noted that for all the chilling information and horrible facts about the right that he presents -LRB- probably true -RRB- , there 's a good deal of propogandizing on his own part -LRB- note the subliminal mushy music during the sections where he makes HIS points -RRB- . He 's also a bit TOO anti-American -LRB- as are his dippy interns and receptionists -RRB- , who make fun of things by saying `` oh , that 's SO AMERICAN ! '' It 's an insult , and to say something is `` SO AMERICAN '' is a terribly ignorant comment . NYC and the deep south are both American , but as different from each other as France is from Greenland . Moore may be more ignorant on the realities of the rest of the world in terms of their bloody pasts . America 's past , in reality , is not nearly as bloody . And the fear factor he overstates has been in place globally for centuries . Besides all this , however , Bottom line
 Just like America , lets put the blame on something other than the real problem .
 Without a doubt , go see or rent this DVD . Then take some time to find the truth ! Trust me , it wo n't take long . This is NOT a documentary ! Docs are real life and fact filled accounts of a particular subject matter . This film , 90 % of it , is nothing but inaccurate story telling from someone lost in the fog of the unknown . The fiction starts as soon as he goes in the bank ! Michael Moore is a disgrace to the film industry . I was shocked when he was given the Academy Award . I was taught that the Academy has rules that a documentary has to be truthful and not have any fiction . Maybe they lowered the standards for Mr. Moore.See this DVD and then study the facts to learn the truth !
 guns save millions of lives every year around the world . the unfortunate actions of mad men should not deter us from the enormous benefits that gun ownership serves . a 90 pound woman with a gun and a 250 pound man with a gun are equals .
 This is just a bunch of liberal propiganda comeing from an anti american socialist nut . Love it or leave it never rang more true .
 This so-called `` award-winning documentary '' is neither very award-winning nor , more importantly , very much of a documentary . It is , indeed , a clever piece of social and political propaganda using a quasi-documentary format . There have been many , many articles , newspaper columns , and web site postings that document the numerous and insidious distortions of fact and misrepresentations of people and events in this film.What I can not understand is how this man and his books and movies have received so many awards and accolades . If I were superstitious I would say there is something evil loose in the world . How can , for example a work of fiction -- this movie -- win the Oscar for `` best documentary '' ? Maybe Mr. Moore just threatens to sit on everyone , thereby getting his way.Bottom line , watch it for entertainment value only . You will find no truth here .
 If you buy this you will regret it . He arranged the facts like the Waco tapes to meet his agenda . I am from Michigan and I am ashamed that he is . He is not like any Michigander I know . If you want to own a gun , fine , be responsible , if you do n't want to own one then do n't . When the twin towers fell we were told not to blame all Muslims , just the terrorists . People like Michael Moore think just the opposite , blame all gun owners not the criminals ...
 Moore is a Socialist -LRB- self proclaimed I believe -RRB- , before watching this film you should understand how socialist views are different from a Representative Republic . Read up on it , ponder it and then consider this , Socialism is a great concept , the only problem is history has proven it does n't work . When you level the playing field and make everyone equal you kill individual motivation.Moore `` documentary '' -LRB- go here to learn more about why this is n't a documentary http://www.hardylaw.net/Truth_About_Bowling.html -RRB- is more of a training tool for socialism than anything else . Moore carefully cuts and paste interviews together to paint the picture he wants to paint , that is a out of control , violent USA that has to be stopped , this is without a doubt the real message behind the film -LRB- and what makes it so dangerous -RRB- , the other topic -LRB- which is used a ploy and disguised as the primary subject -RRB- is this very simple premise `` If we take the guns away , people wo n't kill other people with guns '' . Even if that were true , it 's a ridiculous notion to think the solution is that simple Note
 The scene that did it for me in Michael Moore 's well done film involved an interview with a police officer about someone who dressed a dog up as a hunter and was accidentally shot . Funny ? Yes . Demeaning ? Yes again.Moore makes numerous valid points throughout his film . But , too often , for my taste , he does it by ridiculing someone . He does it politely , but not without meanness . And that is why I was uncomfortable with watching the film . And that is why I am rating this film low .
 Moore has gained a reputation for playing fast and loose with the facts and numbers to make his point , and this movie lives up to that reputation . The ultimate outcome is that his film does more of a diservice to the anti-gun argument then a service.On the up side , his style is unique and sort of `` in your face '' interesting.The recent events surround the 2nd gulf war in Mr Moores rather open and public support of terrorists has also been more then slightly disheartening to many people .
 Moore is clearly a good filmmaker . Unfortunately , he is also an implicit liar . His movies are presented as documentaries ; that is , documenting facts . This one , at least , is nothing but distortion after bias after distortion . It has been thoroughly debunked by others already , so there 's no need for me to go into the errata -LRB- for those curious , a quick search for &#34; Bowling for Columbine debunked &#34; will reveal some very well-researched treatises -RRB- . If you 're looking for entertainment , Moore delivers in spades . What he does not deliver is journalism or integrity . As a work of fiction , I 'd give this movie five stars . As a documentary , zero .
 Michael Moore is no better than Bill O'Reilly . . he distorts facts to suit his agenda just like O'Reilly does . Moore also uses the veneer of a documentary style to disguise lies in narration and editing . Watch this movie . . but do n't accept any of it 's `` facts '' or conclusions .
 I enjoyed this film . It was at times very funny . It is NOT a `` documentary '' however . Many of his figures are misleading.The PLUS
 I used to have respect for Michael Moore before he sold his soul by endorsing a pseudo-republican military man for president . How can someone who proclaims such loyalty to progressive causes throw his support behind a former general who was the commander of the very war Michael Moore criticized as being a `` slaughter '' . He rightfully and harshly condemned the unilateral aggression of this country in Kosovo , but then praises and endorses the man who prosecuted it . Not only is this hypocritical , but it clearly shows that money and fame have gone to his head . He is now more concerned with supporting the Establishment candidates and could care less about whether that person has any true beliefs and convictions about core progressive causes.He is all talk . He backs up his talk by endorsing a candidate who admits he voted for republicans ranging from Nixon to Reagan to Bush Sr. . WTF ?? Unless he can back up what he says with endorsements of people who are not in direct contradiction with what he claims are his core beliefs , then I have to conclude he is just milking us all for our money and patronage of his books and films at this point.I will not buy any more of Michael Moore 's works unless I am convinced he is not a fake . If he was truly anti-war , he would not endorse a general who many consider to be a war criminal when there are so many other TRUE anti-war candidates who can win ! He is obviously trying to cash-in with US -LRB- the little people who buy his work -RRB- and climb the social ladder wtih THEM -LRB- the Establishment Elite who handpicks generals to run for president -RRB- . Imagine if Flush Limbaugh had endorsed Arlen Specter for President in 1996 ! That is the equivalent , and I am sure his fans would have left him too!MICHAEL MOORE SOLD US OUT !
 This has to be by far the most unintelligent `` documentary '' I have ever watched . Even more stupid then Moore 's little points are the stupid people he interviews to make these points . Comparing the NRA to the Klu Klux Klan ? Talking about the Smog in LA , and comparing that to gun violence ? All his points can be summed up into one small sentence . Americans have more gun violence because we have the right to bear arms '' . Period . Save your time and do n't watch this film . If you are of below average intelligence and want to watch other stupid people make really stupid points which Moore edited together to make this really stupid film , by all means waste a couple brains cells and watch this crappy film .
 In this horribly one sided excuse for a documentary Mr. Moore shows Americans as gun-toting murderers , The fact that this won an Oscar is a sham . Moore misrepresented facts , and spliceed together interviews to make is opponants seem cold-blooded and mean . Throught the film he preaches in such a sickiningly self-righteous mannner that i as liberal and registered Democrat -LRB- someone Moore was aiming the picture towards , i imagine -RRB- was sickened by his tone . Moore fails to take his opponants seriiously instead he mocks them , and smugly tells us his `` facts '' . Moore mentions that Canada , the U.K. and Germany have lower gun-related deaths than we do , he grouped all deaths together , leaving out self-defense , accidents and suicides , which are not murders . The fact that Moore blamed the Work-for welfare for the tragedy in Flint , Michigan , shows how Moore disregards other factors , that have contributed to the tragidies , and instead consentrates on things that are perhaps remotely responsible . We should have sticter gun laws , yes , but a piece of biased trash like this hurts the gun-control supporters . Watching Moore exploit the tragedies in Flint and columbine is sickening , almost as sickening as his being rewarded with an oscar for this `` film '' . Watching Moore constantly state the number of gun related deths reminde me of a dialouge in All in the family , this may not be a totally accurate script of the exchange as iam going from memory . `` Did you know that many -LRB- I forget the number -RRB- americans are killed by hand guns each year ? '' '' Would it make you feel any better little girl if they was pushed out of windows ? `` In short , sorry this is so long by the way , do not buy this film . i lived to regret it , thought it did make a fairly good discus . By the way I voted for Nader , in the last election . So I am not a gun-toting conservative .
 While this piece of work may make you feel all warm and fuzzy on the inside , somehow helping to justify your emotions towards violence and firearms and their place in American culture and politics ... Make sure you realize this is a `` Movie '' meant to manipulate those that can not think for themselves and specifically not a `` Documentary '' meant to inform or educate those capable of coming to their own conclusions based upon the facts.Michael Moore has stated this is a movie meant for entertainment in numerous interviews when challenged on the `` facts '' of what is presented in his work.Don ' t believe the hype , no matter who is delivering it .
 There are many professional articles that have already disproved Moore-on 's lies . Suffice it to say that his movies -LRB- do n't EVER call them `` documentaries '' -RRB- can be boiled down to this : Movie : `` Stalking Roger `` Lie
 GUN CONTROL would have prevented The COlumbine Massacre?HELLO MICHAEL ? WILL TAKING BIBLES AWAY FROM THE CHRISTIANS AND BURNING DOWN THEIR CHURCHES PREVENT THEM FROM BEING CHRISTIANS?WILL BULL DOZING A SYNAGOGUE AS WAS THE ROUTINE `` NORM '' IN WW 2 GERMANY STOP JEWS FROM BEING JEWISH?I DONT THINK SO ... BOWLING FOR COLUMBING WAS THE MATCH . . FARENHEIT 911 WAS THE FUSE ... WHENS THE BOMB COMING OUT MIKE?I GIVE THIS A * ONLY BECAUSE I CNAT GIVE IT A0 * OR < 0 *
 I do n't know why anyone goes to see anything of Michael Moore 's . I learned one interesting thing in this film -- that Canadians like their guns just like Americans . Other than that , this is like every other Michael Moore film -- shameless propaganda made to stir the pot for a group that already agrees with him anyway . Michael Moore is just another loser making a buck by generating controversy . It 's too bad people simply do n't ignore this kind of stuff instead of making a big deal about it and generating interest in it . If you are someone who is passionately anti-gun rights and want to be angered , go waste your money . If you are pro gun-rights and want to be angered by a one-sided opposing view , go waste your money . If you are a moderate and want to be bored , go waste your money . Michael Moore is exactly what he professes to fight , which is hysterically captured in Michael Moore Hates America . Check the trailers and reviews for that one at
 Everyone should boycott Michael Moore . He 's not worthy of living in this great country of ours .
 I 'm afraid that this Oscar-winning `` documentary '' is a farce . A documentary is true - this film is not . It is scripted , it is spliced together , and it was obviously made to push an agenda . Please do some background research before you waste your time on this DVD - you 'll find that Michael Moore made a fictional film to promote his own radical beliefs . Do n't waste your time . Mr. Moore obviously does n't have his `` finger on the pulse of America . ''
 Michael Moore is as predictable as what happens to old milk . You keep trying to drink it , but the longer you have it , the worse it smells , the worse it tastes , until you 're on the verge of becoming vegan.Moore 's a propagandaist , not a fact finder . He creates situations that are unreal and false , manipulating his camera and questions to support his world view . Its a rationalization of political beliefs , not a politicization of logic . Put it another way
 This was a horrible film . I do n't recommend it for anyone . I wish that Michael Moore would move to Cuba . He would get along great in a Communist country . Or I wish that he would move to North Korea . Quite bitchin about this country , and if you do n't like it , I wish you would get out . This man is n't grateful for anything . I have an idea Michael
 I am not able to recommend this DVD to anyone with an objective mind . Mr. Moore clearly had an agenda when he contemplated making this movie and continued with that agenda throughout . The out of context quotes , spliced together bits of tape and film of Heston and others , along with obvious bias , show that this movie was nothing more than Moore grinding his political axe.Was it entertaining ? No . Was it educational ? No . Was it thought provoking ? No.Since Michael Moore is the darling of the liberal establishment , this movie has had some popularity with his peers , though none at the box office prior to the Oscars , and not very much since . I certainly hope no one has to actually pay and money to see this . You get more value from buying bubblegum .
 This movie is one lie after another . Mr. Moore is constantly taking people way out of context . He 'll compare statistics that do not use the same criteria , to make a more compelling argument . If you are opposed to his viewpoints , you should not buy this video as you will be financially supporting someone who is comfortable with lying to make his case . If you are in favor of Mr. Moore 's viewpoints , you still should not purchase this DVD as surely you can find someone who agrees with you and is able to make the case without lying perpetually . -LRB- Does n't this behavior only hurt the cause ? -RRB-
 Moore spends much of this film misrepresenting ` facts ' . He takes things out of context and splices much of this film together to make it appear that people are saying things they didnt say.What appalls me the most is the way he ambushes Charleton Heston with things that arent true . Heston is obviously not at his best and in the early stages of Alzheimers . His lack of recall is show as a way to depict him and all 2nd ammendment supporters as uncaring and callous . It would have been much fairer to everyone if he had been able to give that same interview 5 or 10 years earlier . Taking advantage of old people is just sad and I find Moore to be a sad individual indeed.Dont waste your money , you wont be getting any facts from this . Just a bunch of spliced together propoganda .
 Slanted missguided rubbish . What more is there to say ? Maybe he could have covered the `` other '' side of the story as well ? How about documenting and analyzing burglary levels and murders in countries that have gun control ? Criminals do n't obey laws anyway , they always find ways to have guns . Of course gun control is a liberal policy , which as we all know , `` liberal policies when implemented generate the exact opposite of their stated intent ! ''
 I just saw this movie recently , and found it frustrating to watch because so many of Moore 's conclusions are transparent . He has a tendency to ask a completely pejorative question in an interview , and then cut to a new scene without letting his subject answer . He focuses most of the first half of the movie on Lockheed Martin , a defense contracting company in Colorado , and I do n't see the connection between Lockheed and guns in schools . This movie requires critical analysis on the part of the viewer , because Moore 's strategy seems to be to throw every argument -LRB- no matter how farfetched -RRB- at the viewer and see what sticks .
 as usual , michael moore undercuts himself by refusing to accept that a 45 minute documentary should not run two hours . theres alot of great stuff here -LRB- the interview w marilyn manson , the interview w trey parker , & c -RRB- , but too often moore inserts himself into a story others should be telling , no more so than in the vile segment where he goes to visit charlton heston . i agree with many , nay most of moores politics -- but hes a rotten filmmaker with some great ideas but awful execution .
 David T Hardy deconstructs most of his movie on his web site.Read it and think about it . I mean , why would Moore start the movie about gun control and end it on mass media ?
 ive seen this movie and was disappointed . i mean ask yourselfs , is this about what really happend at columbine school or is just moore 's opinion on a tragic event ? id say its mostly moore 's opinions on the subject . anyone in their right mind could easily tell ya guns dont kill people , people kill people . obviously moore ignored the students motive for their shootings . if people like moore did real research , they would explain why these two students went over the edge . its easy , they went two far after other students picked on a insulted them from time to time and like any student with low esteem , they decide to do somthing they regret . the problem is people cant get seema to get along with each other and instead call names , which libs would know all about that before they hear someone out . back to the movie , if moore really wanted this to be true , not only would he indeed talk about gun control , but how everyone should treat everyone else . u dont have to like each other , but should respect each other . i understand many might disagree with me on this review , but can i help being open-minded on issues ????
 It is obvious that this movie is full of lies . Although I have not actually seen it , I know this to be true because I have seen many discussions on the movie on the Fox news channel -LRB- God bless them ! -RRB- . The way he attacks poor Mr. Heston is deplorable . Ca n't Michael Moore tell from the comments Charlton made at the rallies that he does n't have his faculties about him ? I am also unsure that Mr. Heston even said the things that the movie shows him saying . The ability of Hollywood to manipulate and edit sound is truly amazing , making it appear that My President -LRB- Heston -RRB- is an uncaring , babbling idiot by simply using his own words - shame on you Michael ! And as for the way he got the gun from the bank , I agree with the other posters that the entire point of a bank giving away free guns is completely nullified by the fact that they did n't give him the gun the minute he walked into the bank . Bravo to those who figured that out . Also , Michael Moore is fat . Take that Pinkie !
 the first part of the documentary is fairly good and entertaining , with moore only interjecting with humorous barbs every now and then . about halfway through the movie though , the bottom falls completely out of the film . moore evidently was not sure what the overall direction of the documentary was going to be , and so he vainly attempts to evaluate and judge elements in american society regarding violence and the roots of violence . moore himself becomes a large part of the documentary from the middle on ; unfortunately , the film ultimately resorts to being a poorly made propaganda piece , and nothing more . i personally am not a member of the nra , do not own any guns , and vehemently believe in non-violence as a way of life . but i do recognize that the documentary is almost criminal in some ways , by the twisted logic that is so very prevalent in the documentary . moore is setting up the viewer for ambush , and trying to encourage a change in the american way of life but this film is definitely not the vehicle to make that happen . some examples of error/bad taste = 1 . there are errors in the reporting of statistics in the movie that do not fairly represent gun violence around the world . 2 . the american media is definitely focused on reporting ` doom and gloom ' to get ratings but it is naive to suggest that the media is some sort of quasi-racist organization out to discredit american black males . i have lived in large american cities all my life , and if a white female shoots someone it receives the same amount of media attention , if not more . 3 . moore should be ashamed of himself for the section of the movie where he trots out two students shot in the columbine massacre ; after bringing them to k-mart hq -LRB- with a media posse -RRB- , k-mart agreed to stop the sale of handgun ammo . of course , the problem with the columbine situation was the troubled killers , not the availability of ammo as there will always be a place to get ammo -LRB- legal or otherwise -RRB- . 4 . the final scene where moore throws potshots at charlton heston , nra pres. , is frankly embarrassing -LRB- for heston too , for a unforgettable gaffe -RRB- . moore ends the ` documentary ' by placing a picture of a dead girl at the entrance to heston 's home . how very clever , i 'm sure all the soccer moms cried over it . nevertheless , there are bright spots to the film , like the serious interviews with marilyn manson , matt stone -LRB- south park creator -RRB- , et al. there are some humorous interviews as well -LRB- kind of inappropriate when the mood of the film later turns to be ` moore 's odyssey ' -RRB-
 Michael Moore movies are useless and full of lies . No doubt about it . However , what makes me give this moron a zero star rating is that his movies are all shown for free on Iranian regime run TV channels many times a year . Gee , you wonder why anti-American regime of Iran loves Michael Moore so much . His movies are truly worthless and based on lies he fabricates out of his hatred for the country which has given him the freedom to do so . Zero Star !
 This self-appointed Messiah of the Left is all about making lots of money , thereby further distancing himself financially from those whom he `` serves '' . DVD is pure rubbish .
 I ca n't even begin to say how utter repulsive this movie is . Moore blatently lies in SO many places its not even funny . they accedemy is a joke for giving this an oscar . i no longer respect anything from them or moore himself . do n't waste your money on this propaganda .
 I have no time for his brand of diatribe ! Dishonesty seems to rule his ilk , so why would his work be any different ? It would n't be , and it is n't . His ` cut and paste ' techniques to distort the truth to fit what he wants us all to think and to do is disgusting , and those who suck it up are obviously his choir . : - -RRB-
 That this film is still being called a `` documentary '' is a slap in the face of those who produce documentaries . Moore has very artfully packaged political commentary and sold it as `` truth '' . If you Google around the web , you 'll find many examples of how Moore massaged his message and staged this flick to conform to his beliefs.If you think this film is `` truthful '' you must also believe Stone 's `` JFK '' is factually correct .
 This movie just made me so annoyed with its method of conveying a confused message . I disliked it more than any movie in recent memory for the attitude it held towards people . Skip it and see ADAPTATION , IDENTITY , INSOMNIA , or an older one USUAL SUSPECTS .
 This movie starts out with an exaggeration and goes downhill from there . Moore is capitalizing on the death of the Columbine children and the child in Michigan . He remixes speeches and adds words to what was said , he makes up timelines to fit his agenda.The movie is NOT a documentary , but a work of fiction , based on fact -LRB- TV movie style -RRB- . It is appalling that it was allowed to be shown as a true storyline.Don ' t waste your money on this pack of mistruths and self-serving editing .
 Mr. Moore 's depressing documentary shows his extreme anti-gun philosophy while feigning humility . Although the incidents covered are tragic , the root causes of these problems are not exposed . The NRA is ultimately blamed , but the significance of this connection is marginal .
 As a propagandist , Moore performs quite adequately but , I suspect , only when he is preaching to the committed Left . However , his treatment of the aged Charlton Heston is disgraceful and devious.A self-serving journalist and undeserving of praise .
 Admittedly , in our society , there is nothing criminally wrong about being a hyper-leftist focused on advancing one 's agenda . Michael Moore , a college drop out , decided to create a film exploring the `` root '' causes of the Columbine disaster , which exploits to advance a political agenda he held before the crime occured . The irony is that Michael Moore provides ample evidence a nation of `` gun nuts '' -LRB- his term , not mine -RRB- is not to blame for the Columbine disaster . For instance , he admits that Canadians have lots of guns , and , considering their low murder rate , that is not to blame for the high murders in America . Thus , it is a bit of irony that he tried to pick on Charlton Heston , president of the NRA , a man who was just trying to have a nice conversation with an apparent `` reporter . '' Michael Moore 's apparent conclusion as to why murder rates occur in the United States has to do with a lack of socialism -- `` free health care '' -- in the U.S.If Moore wanted to seriously consider the gun argument , he would have called John Lott Jr. , author of `` More Guns , Less Crime . '' He is an articulate spokesman for the notion that more guns will result in less crime due to the way criminals use incentives to control their behavior.Michael Moore also makes many irrelevant connections between items that have absolutely no connection to other items . Lockheed Martin , a defense contractor , is apparently near the Columbine High School site . So ? Moore brings up this connection without providing one single shred of evidence that one is connected to the other . He thinks that by saying a defense contractor is near the school that it will result in one thinking that defense contractor sites encourage children to kill . In fact , they do not . If that were the case , we would at least see national statistics suggesting that such correlations exist . I 'm sure Michael Moore would be happy to show them . But he did not .
 I am not a gun owner , neither do I have strong personal feelings about the right to bear arms , but I know leftwing propaganda when I see it . That 's the problem with so much of what liberals stand for today - they take such extreme positions in such a loud-mouthed way , they alienate most regular people . The war in Iraq is one huge example . Ordinary , patriotic Americans got so sick and tired of seeing the Martin Sheens and Susan Sarandons parading around and declaring their hatred for the Bush Administration , and the Dixie Chicks and Bruce Springsteens abusing their platform at music concerts to denounce President Bush when all that people wanted was for them to shut up and sing.Michael Moore is another liberal idiot who has alienated much of mainstream America . Even many of his fellow liberal celebs were embarrassed at his little tirade at the Oscars , wanting him to shut up and hurry off the stage . Moore has a knack for distorting the truth , demeaning people and taking advantage of tragedy for his own despicable political agenda . Columbine is one example . There were parents of Columbine shooting victims who did n't want to speak to Moore , knowing his twisted motives . As the father of Rachel Scott said , `` Guns did n't kill my daughter , people killed my daughter . '' With their motives , those two sick boys could have used any means to murder , maim and terrify.A documentary would have been better spent analyzing the motives of children who want to kill their classmates . The easy access the Columbine killers had to firearms is scary for sure , and their parents should be held accountable . But to suggest guns are inherently evil and that `` gun control '' is the solution to America 's bloodlust is missing the point . People were killing each other before guns were invented . There already are laws to control gun ownership . If the courts would do their job and honor the work the police do , we would be locking up many more illegal arms dealers , gangsters and drug dealers , thus making the average citizen feel safer and less inclined to buy a firearm for protection.For the liberal sanctimony and falsehood presented in this `` documentary , '' I loathe Michael Moore more than ever . For some truth about Moore , see the website http://www.hardylaw.net/Truth_About_Bowling.html
 The kindest thing I can say about this particular movie is that it suffers from a lack of the truth . It attempts to blame everyone from the Lockheed Corporation to the NRA for the sudden upswing in school violence over the years , and it fails rather miserably . The editing is done in such a way that the true message of some who appeared in it -LRB- like Charlton Heston , for example -RRB- is completely twisted around . Overall , I 'd say save your money and get this from your local library . If you 've spent the money , then get a refund .
 While this film might have some value if marketed as the op-ed piece it is , presenting it as a documentary is just as misleading as many of the bits of misinformation that the director presents as facts . Even during the filming of the piece Michael Moore misled some of the movie 's participants , then showed their `` opinions '' out of context and contrary to their true feelings . There is plenty of this kind of deception on the networks , why bother renting/buying it when it 's the same drivel you can get for free every evening ?
 This movie should be rated fantasy . Michael Moore trys to make everyone accountable except the people , who need to be accountable for their own actions . There is a part in the movie where he goes after Dick Clark and trys to blame him because a woman he hired in one of his fast food shops , her son was playing with gun while she was at work . She was staying at her brothers , no dad in the picture , and she was on a government program for assistance . He questioned Clark stating , dont you feel responsible for this , if she did n't have to work , this would n't happen . How about - she should n't have slept around , or maybe continued with school , or maybe had a place of her own , or maybe spoke with her brother if any guns were around , or maybe spoke to son about playing with them . Moore is pointing the finger at everyone but the person who should be . Maybe with all the money he has , he should have paid for her living expenses and maybe this would n't have happened.Total Garbage . Watch the movie if you want your blood to boil instantly .
 Moore clearly has a left-wing , socialist agenda behind his concept of gun control . Misleading at every turn , from begining to end , this anti-gun propaganda fluff could have been filmed by Chuck Schumer , Diane Feinstein or any one of hundreds of nationally known anti-gun zealots . Go out and educate yourself . Consider Guns , Crime , and Freedom by Dr. Lott . If you think that disarming honest , God fearing , law-abiding citizens is the answer , then this is the book for you.You owe it to yourself to know the truth . Read the government 's data and statistics . The US does n't have a gun problem , it has a problem with basic respect of human life . I do n't think Mr. Moore understands this basic tenet of the US culture.If you really want to understand the problem with the United States , it is detailed very concisely in `` The Rise and Fall of the Roman Empire `` This is as worthless as Moore 's other `` works '' . View with caution
 Moore uses the tragedy of Columbine to promote himself and his extreme political views . Large portions of the program contain completely unrelated diatribes like the animated overview of `` American History '' -LRB- He comes to the conclusion that America is rich today because it practiced slavery ! -RRB-
 ALL OF MICHAEL MOORE `` S FILMS ARE LIES . GUNS ARE NOT A PROBLEM PEOPLE ARE . ESPECIALLY THOSE WHO WASTE TIME WRITING ABOUT THINGS THEY DO N'T KNOW ABOUT . ASSAULT WEAPONS DO N'T HAVE TO BE FULLY AUTOMATIC . NOT LIKE MOVIE GUNS.THE ASSAULT WEAPONS BAN DID NOT BAN ASSAULT WEAPONS . IT BANNED HIGH CAPACITY MAGAZINES . IF YOU DO N'T KNOW WHAT THESE ARE LOOK IT UP.IF YOU CA N'T PASS A BACKGROUND CHECK YOU CA N'T LEGALLY OWN A GUN LET ALONE A FULLY AUTOMATIC ONE.STATISTICS SHOW THAT PLACES WHERE PEOPLE OWN GUNS ARE SAFER . THE BITISH CA N'T OWN GUNS . THE CRIME RATE IS SCARY.BUY A GUN BEFORE YOU TRY TO TAKE MINE
 Ok I 'm Not One To Slander People But This Is Copmletely Bogus . At One Point He Makes It Seem Like He Bought A Gun With No Background Check . . In Actuality The Producers Went to The Store Earler and Pre-Bought The Weapon . Also This Is A Good Movie For The Anti Americans To Buy If You Do n't Like The U.S And You Do Like Terrorism And Dictatorships Than Buy This Movie . I For One Will Avoid This Movie At All Costs After Wasting Money To See It In The Theaters . I 'm Not Saying Do n't Buy It I 'm Just Giving You My Opinion Take It As You Will .
 In answer to the primary question he poses ... an answer that he wo n't like , being the rich white liberal that he is.In 1992 , murder rates for American blacks were 43.3 for every 100,000 blacks . Whites committed murder at about one eighth that rate , or 5.1 murders for every 100,000 whites . The murder rate for American whites was therefore lower than that of Britain or Italy , despite the wide availability in America of firewms.Robbery rates were similar . In 1992 , the black rate was 1,343 per 100,000 , while the white rate was 126 . The figure for American whites , though higher than that of any European country , is not strikingly higher than the rate of 90.4 for France .
 Its ironic the number of reviewers who see this as an anti-gun statement . With as much respect as I can muster they have missed the point , as indeed has Mr Moore.Mr Moore was making an intelligent and insightful essay into the roots of ALL violence in America , but I suspect he got a bit lost when events caught up with him.The irony is , gentle reader , that Mr Moore supplies plenty of ammunition for pro-gun people . For example , he shows clearly that Canadian gun ownership is very high , yet has nowhere the level of gun crime as the United States . Pro- rata New Zealand has as high a gun ownership rate as the US , but has less than 100 gun fatalities a year - and that includes suicides and accidents . So if guns cause crime , surely Canada would have as high a rate as the USA ? One fellow interviewed points out that gun ownership as increased , yet the rate of crime has gone down . Again , if the guns were the problem wouldnt you see the increase ? One women points out that when your house is attacked why do you call the police ? Well , she says it is because they are the ones with the guns.The point is , the film was heading towards making the point that violence is not a single faceted problem , and many factors contribute - maybe music , maybe violent video games , who knows ? However , about two thirds through the film , he started to investigate the tragic shooting of a young girl at a school by a six year old boy . Without a doubt , this was a tragic accident , but is it not - and again Mr Moore misses the point - anything more than an accident . Indeed the NRA 's own gun safety programmes deal with exactly that situation and isnt it a shame that the boy concerned had n't seen it.Previous reviewers have focused on the guns , and not looked at the other points the film have made , such as the dig at US foreign policy . Indeed Mr Moore makes that point , showing that on the day of the columbine shooting there were heavy US airstrikes . Dealing with that suddenley seemed too hard , and he pulled the film back to a superficail argument - ban the guns and suddenley everything is hunky dorey.Be warned that much of this film is not for the squimish . You will see numerous shootings , and some terrible footage from columbine itself . It is not to be taken lightly.All in all an interesting view of the USA . It is such a shame that Mr Moore did n't control his emotions , and present a more balanced view .
 Moore manipulates events , quotes , and down right lies . He is theRush Limbaugh of the left . I 'm an anti-gun lobby fanatic and I cant understand why he didnt make a convincing documentary by just sticking to the truth .
 This `` documentary '' should be called a propagandamentary . Everyone who praises this film should watch it again . This time turn off the sound and emotions and just watch Heston 's tie . You might feel `` had '' . I must assume the only reason this film won an oscar is because the nominating commitee never saw it .
 So Michael Moore wants to do a left-biased show about gun control . Would have been better had he not altered a few facts and done some horrendous editing of Heston 's speeches .
 Micheal Moore presents his views in this documentary . Through use of editing -LRB- leaving out the parts that disagree with his view -RRB- and the presentation of `` skewed timeframes '' -LRB- the Heston speech was made more than 5 months later -RRB- Moore presents a case that makes people see what he wants and not what is really there . To call this a documentary is a bit of a stretch and for it to win an Oscar under best documentary was very disappointing . Please when coming out of the movie , find some facts for yourself and make up your own mind . Shame on you Mr. Moore .
 Despite the categorization of this film as a documentary , Moore himself has admitted that this is a `` mockumentary ''
 The ` facts ' presented in this movie deserve special attention . The reason for this is that Moore deliberately misleads his audience . For instance , he emphasizes the fact that more than 11,000 Americans die from guns every year . How many of these people were shot by the police while committing a violent crime ? He does not say . How many of these people were shot by private citizens while commiting a crime ? He does not say . How many of these people committed suicide ? He does not say.When anybody uses a gun in self-defense and in so doing protects an innocent life that is a good thing - and makes the case for private gun ownership . Every suicide is a tragedy . But people will commit suicide with or without guns . Moore obscures the facts by citing aggregate data.For evidence , Moore relies primarily on anecdotes that depict illegitimate uses of guns . Sure , there are people who will commit violent crimes . That is why having guns legal is a good idea . Honest people who want an effective means of self-defense need guns , and handguns in particular.Moore interviewed the weirdest gun owners he could find . It is no surprise that , in a country of close to 300 million people , Moore could find five or ten gun owners who were very strange . So what ? There are millions of gun owners who are just normal people.Moore took on Charelton Heston in this movie . Heston is just an actor and a spokesman . Moore could have taken on John Lott instead . Lott is a scholar who did a county by county study on guns . What were his results ? Private gun ownership leads to less violent crime and makes honest people safer . Of course , not everyone is safer - criminals are significantly less safe when states adopt concealed carry laws . This is what the statistics show . Lott is the leading scholar on this issue . Moore could have interviewed him , but he is not interested in the real facts.Moore contends that fear is the reason for Americas ' gun death rate . Supposedly , we are all scared , so we get guns and then as we panick from all of this fear , we shoot each other . He emphasizes the fear that white Americans supposedly have for black Americans . Does he list data from any study or survey ? No . He shows us a cartoon instead . Anyone over the age of eight who takes this seriously should seek professional help . He claims that the government is scaring us . He claims that the media is scaring us . He claims that 9-11 is scaring us into shooting each other too . Where is his proof ? He has none . He makes these claims without substantiating them.He claims that Canadians , have guns but not fear . How does he prove this ? He asked several Canadians . He also found several Canadians who did not lock their doors . Assuming that he did not stage these things , what does this prove ? Are we supposed to infer something about entire nations simply because he talked to a couple of people and opened several doors?There is fear at work here . Moore finds the creepiest gun owners to scare us . Moore uses a few tragedies - Columbine and Flint in particular - to scare us . Never mind about the millions of murders , rapes , beatings , thefts , and other crimes that private guns prevent . He uses the absolute worst examples of private gun use and the strangest gun owners to scare us - and then has the nerve to claim that gun violence derives from others who try to scare us.There is more than fear mongering in this movie . Moore is also a shameless demagogue . Moore takes two victims from Columbine to KMART . He does this in order to pressure this company into ending its sales of handgun ammunition . He also shows the father of one who died at Columbine . Never mind about the victims of violent crime in places like NYC and Washington DC . These places ban guns , thus leaving decent people at the mercy of violent thugs . Never mind about the thousands who get murdered or brutalized in these illegal gun/high crime areas . Never mind about the facts . Never mind about the truth . Moore is out to play upon people emotions and fears , and will stop at nothing to do it . He could look at the general statistics on gun ownership and crime , but he prefers to exploit the suffering of two Columbine victims . His aim clearly is to evoke strong emotions while suppressing critical thought.Moore also ignores a major source of violent crime in American . There was an increase in gun violence during the prohibition of alcohol . This gun violence ended when The war on alcohol ended . Now the war on marijuana has gangs shooting it out with each other and the police again . We can end much violent crime and greatly reduce that 11,000 + death statistic figure he cites by legalizing marijuana . Moore ignores this fact.Bowling for Columbine is a shallow and shameless attempt to demagogue the gun issue . He uses selective , misleading , and anecdotal data to provoke fear of guns and anger against gun rights advocates . He evades the strongest advocates of gun rights so as to avoid having to deal with real arguments and data . He flails at straw men because the facts are against him . Moore sets a new standard for shameless demagoguery and misinformation with this movie . In fact , he is so brazen in the way he tries to scare and manipulate his audience that only closed-minded ideologues will take him seriously . Thinking people will see through his charade easily .
 I thought about this rather fictional film and wondered why someone who was seemingly intelligent would make a such a travesty : Michael Moore obviously knew about Hollywood 's liberal bent . By catering to it , he assured himself a place at the Oscars , wide distribution of his film , plus as much financing as his devious little heart desired . In other words , it was about the money , not the truth.If he had stopped at his two previous films , namely `` Roger and Me '' and `` The Big One '' , he would barely be above the economic level of a Flint machinist.He was also bright enough to cater to the whims of the Disney corporation by going on a country wide campaign against anti-sodomy laws . He has friends -LRB- and money -RRB- at Disney forever now . You betcha.And once again , proving that he knows what side his bread is buttered on , he has become a spokesperson for General Wesley Clarke , Hollywood 's pick for Prez . A `` Peacenik '' voting for a general - Imagine that!I thought it rather ballsy of him to actually come out at the Oscars and rail against the war in Iraq . Funny - how the Hollywood elite are all for gun control , except when it comes to shooting up Arab countries . Consequently , Moore got loudly booed , but I have to hand it to him , he had guts to do that - but you know , he only did it after Oscar was firmly in hand , all bills had been paid and his check was in the mail.Also , to show the depth of understanding of gun issues by Moore , I present the following quotes : From the movie : Michael Moore
 Oh wait , Christopher Guest and This Is Spinal Tap beat Mr. Moore to that 20 years ago.In all seriousness , Bowling For Columbine is a fabrication by a deeply cynical sensationalist trying to push his agenda on the general public . He should have his Oscar revoked -- not for his thesis , which is harmless at best and half-baked at worst . No , the real problem with Bowling For Columbine is its intentional deception.Go ahead on to http://www.hardylaw.net/Truth_About_Bowling.html , the viewer will be STUNNED at the level of deception Mr. Moore resorts to in this propaganda piece -LRB- one does not dare call it a documentary ; that would imply that Bowling For Columbine is non-fiction -RRB- . Go ahead ; check the sources . Watch the movie . You will spot Moore 's edits of Charleton Heston 's speeches -LRB- amongst other things -RRB- in his search for the `` truth . '' Moore is indeed a skilled filmmaker ... in the way that Joseph Goebbels was an excellent writer.As for the movie 's message itself -- well , it does raise an interesting point or two , even if his final thesis reads like a contradiction of his original premise . Paraphrasing
 It was pointed out to me how innaccurate it was . I used to walk around quoting the movie to all of my gun friendly friends , hoping it would help them see how needless guns really are . While I still agree with that message , I am growing more and more disappointed with his willingness to alter the truth to fit his agenda . I want the truth , whether it fit my point of view or not , and nothing deflated me more than learning how much he stretched the truth in the movie .
 silly , surperficial , and not worth the time or film . Dont waste your time on this one .
 I enjoyed `` Roger and Me '' even though the film played fast and loose with chronology for dramatic effect.Unconscionably -LRB- unless you 're of the end-justifies-the-means ideology -RRB- Moore edits two Heston speechs together , crops out whole paragraphs and stitches sentences together -LRB- watch the editing -RRB- - a review of this issue and text of the original speeches compared to what is shown in the film . Additional material is ` added ' to the infamous Willie Horton ad from 1988 , and those with short memories or youth wo n't notice . There 's more ... do a search on this film on the internet , and you 'll see what I mean.Moore does n't come to the table armed ... with the facts , or reality , in this case . A damn shame .
 It 's deliberately misleading , cunningly edited to misrepresent the facts , full of falsehoods , misinformation and insults . I do n't think that anyone who owns guns does so out of fear of rampaging minorities , that the NRA and the KKK are connected , that Charlton Heston and the NRA went to Colorado to taunt the victim 's families , that Moore walked into a bank and walked out with a free gun , etc. etc. . And that 's just off the top of my head . One definite factual error -LRB- i.e. blatant lie -RRB-
 highly edited piece of total nonsense by a radical left wing canadian who hates the usa yet still finds the time and energy to make a ton of money by criticizing it ... this review applies to all of his movies . i hope that if he does get sick he gets his care in his beloved cuba ... good luck
 Indeed , there is a need for a continuation of regulated gun-control , in America.Yet , Michael Moore uses terrible examples to prove his point and humorously distorts the facts.Moore 's end product does not justify the means.Eventhough Moore does n't use a gun to kill , he 's the very essence of the `` drive-by media '' . Why did n't he do a film on pukeheads who recklessly abuse their right to own a gun ? - Answer-because that would give honest people the validation to bear arms . The people he points to , in the film , who have done the shootings , are kids.After years of watching violent images , via videogames , and no parental control led them to that destructive behavior.Not the K-Mart availableness of the rifles and the bullets . The eschatological preachers of the elusive Doomsday , like David Karesch , do have a right to gun-ownership . But not for Holy War , against the American government and Pagan socialists alike.Now , Tim McVeigh 's senseless bombing , had more to do with his anti-social delusions , rather than his true feelings about legal restrictions on unlimited gun-ownership . -LRB- If it was n't for the song , `` Happiness is a Warm Gun '' , John Lennon may not have been shot by the maniacal subliminal Beatle listener , Mark David Chapman . -RRB- Charlton Heston supports ownership of hunting rifles , for sport and protection.The surprise Moore attack on Heston , was ridiculous.Like comparing apples to oranges.Moore shows himself as an opportunist , and not a gentleman.Dick Clark owns some music restaurant chain , where a black woman was directed to work at one.How is he to know , about her family members possessing guns or not?She broke the law , and Clark can not be held responsible for her domestic negligence.The careless woman 's family promoted an un-healthy atmosphere for their dear children.Moore 's subreptitious inferences are highly entertaining , but divert from the root cause of the lethal gun shootings , in America .
 I do n't know what is more insulting about this film , Moore 's insultingly apparent political bias or his general disrespect for the value of truth in documentary film making . It might be an acceptable piece of fiction if viewed for propaganda purposes , but other than that it 's insulting and a waste of time . A good percentage of the events in this movie are verifiably false and taken out of context in an attempt to damage the cases of Moore 's targets . We are left to only wonder what else he had to make up to steal his Oscar .
 I really wanted to rate this film 0 -LRB- zero -RRB- , but there is no such option.I will probably anger a lot of people from the left , but I must say that you should check the facts before you label Charlton Heston a racist for his comments about `` mixed ethnicity '' being responsible for gun violence in the USA . About 50 % of murders in America are committed by blacks even though they make only about 12 % of the total population . Murder rate among blacks is 7-8 times higher than among whites . Michael Moore did not include this troublesome information in his movie and in my opinion such an omission disqualifies it as a documentary .
 This `` documentary '' is n't a documentary . It is an OPINION PIECE.Moore heavily edits speeches -LRB- often inserting pieces from an entirely DIFFERENT speech at a different time , as with Charlton Heston -RRB- , creates `` facts '' or puts them so out of context as to eliminate factual content , or stages scenes so as to make his point.He calls it `` satire . '' BUT DOCUMENTARY IS N'T SATIRE!Moore is a shameless liar .
 I forced myself to watch this entire documentary in the interest of objectivity . My opinion remained unchanged from the start to finish . Michael Moore attempts to capitalize on a combination of one of the most unfortunate incidents in US history and an age-old opposition by a portion of the population to guns . Anybody can do what Michael Moore did in this documentary , accuse the NRA for the shootings in America . Come on Michael ... anybody with any level of insight understands there is much more to the problem . Even my gun-fearing activist friends were embarrased at his cheap tactics and his simplistic view of the subject . Narrow-minded anti-gun activists ... buy the film . Michael Moore obviously needs the money and attention . The rest of us have better uses for our money .
 I 'm still trying to figure out why so many people writing reviews feel this is a `` must see '' , so called documentary ? It 's full of lies , deceit and crafty editing just so the filmaker could make his point , which he failed horribly at . I ca n't believe so many of you actually took what Moore presented , at face value . Many of you in these reviews criticize Heston and the NRA for thier `` actions '' that Moore portrays in this movie , yet anyone with an Internet connection and a few minutes can find that Moore fabricated the whole thing from several speaches that Heston gave , NO WHERE NEAR the time of the incidents.The real point Moore is trying to make , is that it 's easy for the media , for movies , etc to pull the wool over the average American . He shows how the average American is too stupid to actualy question his so called `` documentary '' to see if his so called `` facts '' were indeed factual . It 's a real gut buster in that regard . It is so true that most are just robots who believe whatever they read or see in a movie or on the news . They do n't bother to question or seek out different views on the same subjects . They just blindly believe it . That 's the scary thing.To me , American 's do need a wake up call . But not because of what Moore shows in this movie , but because American 's are getting lazy -LRB- mentally -RRB- and no longer think for themselves , or no longer question authority . History shows that as the gap grows between the time our Forefather 's had to fight for their freedoms to today , the more our young youth take that freedom for granted . Do you think we liberated ourselves by using film ? Did we do it by using knives ? Computers ? No , we liberated ourselves because we were an armed nation of people who believed that we should think for ourselves and should always keep an eye out for our freedoms . Most do n't even realize that our freedoms are being taken away , piece by piece , year after year .
 I saw this movie in order to understand what the buzz was about and was thoroughly disgusted . This film is nothing but clever editing with a whole lot of social scapegoating . It 's laughable seeing Michael try to pin the blame possibly on the Lockhill-Selma plant in town . As for the reviewer who said that the spokesman was standing right in front of a nuclear warhead , you should check your facts . It was revealed that the plant in question in town was building rockets to launch T.V. Satellites into space . Do n't take my word for it , check up on the facts . Moore 's butchering of history is itself hysterical in the short animated segment where he tries to portray the country of England that the Puritans fled from as being benevolent and even worse where he portrays the Ku Klux Klan and NRA being the same organization , simply because both come up after the civil war . Anyone who checks up on history knows that the NRA was founded by former Union officials to improve marksmanship . Just go read the books Negroes With Guns and Radio-Free Dixie . If one does n't know their facts or history , than that 's forgiveable , but the fact that this film won so many awards is not forgiveable when you take into account the manipulative editing . He asks a Michigan Militiaman about why not using non-violent resistance , only to have the guy reply , `` I 've never heard about that before '' . Yet you do n't actually see Michael Moore on screen at all , so for all you know he could have asked a different question and then insterted himself in the editing room asking the question about non-violent resistance . The opening scene with him at the bank is so obviously screwy as he asks the worker if it 's a little dangerous handing a gun out at a bank , yet cuts it before the worker has a chance to answer . The splicing together of different segments of different speeches from Charlton Heston using protest footage to hide the switch is also quite useful to sway the gullible non-critical viewer . Notice how Charlton Heston 's tie-color changes at one point even . Also the point near the end where he shows up the photo of the little girl who was killed . Moore insisted that he used two cameras -LRB- hence the switch in perspectives -RRB- yet when the perspective changes you do n't see the other cameraman who should be there . There should be one to the left of Moore and in front of him . Yet you do n't ever see them , which is impossible unless Moore lied and basically used just one cameraman to film two different segments -LRB- one before and one after Charlton Heston left -RRB- along with two different vocal tracks -LRB- one of the reasons for shooting behind Michael Moore is so that you do n't see Moore 's face and mouth from behind -RRB- . Those points are just the tip of the iceberg . When it comes to statistics , Moore never tells where he got them or mentions the difference in populations between the U.S. and other countries . Add to that just many editing tricks that are so obvious to anyone that thinks for themself and does n't just buy into Moore like some dittohead .
 Not a documentary . It is not to be taken serously . Which is easy because his quote , `` documentaries '' are presented as characatures , trite with sterotypes.Remember -LRB- or ever see -RRB- those old conservative moralist movies from the fifties ? This is the modern , leftist equivalent.Every film maker will approach the project from their own point of view . Ready youself for Micheal 's ... or not.I would n't waste my money or time on this.At least Mike has a job , but one should ask oneself , `` just because something can be done , does that mean it should be done ? `` Micheal Moore is nothing but a great , fat , swollen barnicle attached to the system he claims to fight.This sort of hype puts bread on his table . He has a vested interest in finding wrongs , conspiracy , etc. . . Remember that if you see it .
 Entertaining , reasonably tight , and well-produced but do n't take it seriously . Michael Moore is the Big Bird of adult Sesame Street analysis - except Sesame Street is more even-handed . I do n't own a gun , and do n't like them . But this one-sided and misleadingly juxtaposed portrayal hardly helps anyone - except apparently Moore who seems unable to decide which side of the camera he 's meant to be on . And that , it seems to me , is the core of the problem . This is less a documentary than a vehicle for Moore 's self-important `` spin-doctoring . '' One can tell something is amiss when the film gives the impression that the only intelligent people are those on its side . The epiphanic moment though , and the one which has forever diminished Moore for me , was the prolonged and shameful sequence in which he takes advantage of a Charleton Heston who was so obviously already sliding into dementia . There is something glaringly inconsistent about professing one 's concern for humanity and then treating another human being in this fashion .
 Many times over the years , we have had criticism of tabloid-style Hard Copy type television shows and how they take things out of context , edit interviews to their advantage , distort facts and mislead people.How interesting that the left do n't mind such documentaries when it suits their politics , no matter how biased the film is.Michael Moore presents the illusion of truth by employing such tactics . He distorts facts to suit his politics . It 's commonly known as propaganda.It is ironic that he had a show called The Awful Truth because that is what Michael presents , not the whole truth.Michael 's distorted version of truth is indeed awful .
 Okay , Moore is indeed a clever and sometimes humorus guy . And , he really covers a heck of alot of ground in this film . Where do I begin ! I mean , according to Moore , the NRA is just an offshoot of the KKK , the media has been busy frightening the average American with stories about invading killer bees , a corporate white collar crime reality show would be really alot more interesting than `` COPS '' , America 's past is tainted with more blood than Stalin 's Russsia , we ca n't forget ENRON , white folks are armed to the teeth because they are scared of the black community , America is in grave economic decline , air pollution is killing us and we ca n't even arrest anybody for it , and Canada is really a much better place to live than America ! Phew ! That 's quite a few topics to try to cover in just over two hours.Now , in the interest of full disclosure , I should note that I am a proud member of the NRA . When I decided to view this film , I was expecting a tirade against the right to bear arms . Sure , Moore delivers plenty of that , but I was suprised by what else I saw - and how Moore continued to contradict himself . Throughout the film , Moore admits that as handgun ownership increased in communities , crime rates actually went down . He also notes that in Canada , despite high rates of firearm ownership , there is a much lower homocide rate than in the US . So it is n't the guns . Yet , despite these admissions , Moore continues to go back and indirectly blame the `` gun nuts '' at the NRA.Or does he ? Just when I was sure that Moore was blaming guns for EVERYTHING , he does go on to make a few points that I do agree with . First of all , I agree with Moore in his contention that the mass media continually pumps the American public full of fear . A quick look at the nightly news confirms this to be true . So , for a time I 'm finding some agreement with Moore.But then he just goes off on another tangent about welfare , the greedy `` rich '' , the defense industry , Bush , and of course the NRA.If it sounds like this review is n't ordered and coherent , it 's not . And that 's because the film was n't either . Moore just bounces around from topic to topic with no real direction - and , perhaps more importanly , without any meaningful conclusion . I do n't agree with Moore on most of his issues , and quite frankly , I think he 's a rather dishonest guy . But I do think there is SOME glimmer of insight here . . but Moore blows it .
 Bowling For Columbine is probably one of the most famous `` documentaries '' of this day and age . Michael Moore obviously has some skill at both making a film and making at point , and boy what a point does he make . In this `` fact-based '' documentary , he praises Canada , denounces the American Gun Culture , `` exposes '' the racism in the media and in the country , and generally lets us know how dumb our presidents are , all in the interest of showing us why the Columbine Shootings occured . A valid point , and definately a topic worthy of a documentary.Unfortunately , Moore ruins it . He uses all his talent at film making and editing to splice together -LRB- he calls it shortening -RRB- speeches so that the viewer only sees what he wants them to see . Statistics presented in the movie are not grounded in fact . At one point , he ADDS WORDS to an old political commercial in order to make it look like something it was not . The `` documentary '' is filled with lies and falsehoods . There are many websites which can explain this in greater detail , although I reccommend www.hardylaw.com/Truth_About_Bowling , since it 's more concise.In short , this `` documentary '' is a good example of film technique , with masterful edits and a good combination of montages and animation . It 's also a good example of how to use good film technique to decieve an audience and make a point at any cost by any means .
 I refused to subscribe to the hype surrounding this feature until I saw it and analyzed it for myself . -LRB- For the record , I 'm politically independent -RRB- . After viewing it , I have to say I am now one of its detractors.What could have been an interesting look at America 's gun culture and the sources of the Columbine massacre is instead an overhyped and poorly structured mess . Nearly every argument Moore expounds is flawed by his patronizing and sanctimonious attitude towards the truth . During the course of this documentary he :1 -RRB- Misquotes stats to fit his agenda . He does this so much that I 'm not going to waste time documenting every example . He notes that Canada has double our unemployment rate but many fewer homicides , failing to note that Canada 's population is smaller than ours ; in other words , he does n't consider crimes by percentage of population ; rather , he just looks at percentages overall . He also states that Canadians have seven million guns in ten million homes , but they have fewer homicides . Well , Canada has much stricter handgun licensing and registration laws than the US ; i.e. ; they have better gun control ; yet Moore undermines his own point by stating that our looser gun control laws are n't the reason for gun violence ; it 's our culture . So , why try to make a serious , defining point about Canada 's rate of gun ownership if you 're going to make it irrelevant with your own words ? He also ignores the decline in youth violence and school shootings . He holds up two incidents -- Columbine , and a shooting in Flint , Michigan -- as examples of an `` epidemic . `` Moore also claims that overseas military action by the US goverment is part of the reason for our `` culture of violence , '' citing the bombing of Afghanistan as evidence of our aggression . He notes that the United Kingdom has a substantially smaller number of homicides than the US . He fails to acknowledge , however , the UK 's role in the bombing of Yugoslavia and its role in the military action in Iraq . If the two are interrelated , then why the discrepancy ? He also tries to accuse the US of funding the same Taliban regime responsible for harboring Bin Laden and Al Qaeda when he ominously notes that the US gave $ 245 million to Afghanistan in 2000 and 2001 . Wrong again , Michael . That money was given to the UN and independent organizations for famine relief .2 -RRB- He alters the notorious 1988 Bush/Quayle `` Willie Horton '' ad by adding some superimposed text
 If you 're even remotely interested in this topic and thought this was a `` great documentary '' like so many here apparently , you owe it to yourself to check out the criticisms and then do a bit of research of on what Moore claims in this `` documentary '' . You are absolutely having the proverbial wool pulled over your eyes if you buy into even half of this movie . Moore plays games even with relatively unimportant points in this `` documentary '' , it is honestly in no way , shape , or form a fact-filled , accurate documentary . This is not a documentary in any sane person 's world ... Case in point , the Flint Michigan shooting . Moore just plain leaves out the fact the shooter was living in a crack house , run by his drug dealing Uncle , and that the gun used was a stolen weapon , given to the dealer Uncle as payment for drugs . Moore does n't mention how this was not the boys first violent attack on classmates . Perhaps living in a crack house surrounded by criminals was a motivating factor in the boy 's violence ? Moore seems to want to blame it on the poor Mother who was `` forced '' to work ... Moore also implies by some clever text editing on the headlines that Charlton Heston and the NRA posse show up in Flint mere days later to somehow harrass the poor locals . In fact their visit was 8 MONTHS later as part of the `` get out the vote '' campaign not related to this shooting.In the segments on the NRA and the Columbine shootings , Moore plays fast and loose with the facts and the quotes . Heston 's speaches are spliced together , several comments not even coming from that actual appearance , and he is shown completely out of context . Moore implies this NRA event was rushed to the area as some sort of protest . It was in fact an annual event , the location and events planned far ahead of time . Moore leaves out that all functions of the NRA at this event were cancelled other than the ones required by the by-laws of the organization . Moore implies the whole event was a big `` thumb your nose '' at the locals by the NRA . That is completely ridiculous and could n't be further from the truth.This is just the tip of the iceberg , nearly every point Moore makes , nearly every quote , statistic , and `` fact '' is at the very least misleading , and often flat out skewed/incorrect . Honestly , if you view this `` documentary '' you owe it to yourself to not take Moore 's word for anything in it ... Do some searches on the internet for `` truth about bowling for columbine '' and similar and you will find documented information that shoots this whole `` documentary '' full of holes . And I 'm not asking you to take my word for any of this , do you own research , all the points are documented and can be proven without a shadow of a doubt one way or the other.Not that this movie is not without entertainment value , it 's actually fairly cleverly done . And as many people slam it for being `` anti-gun '' , it actually is not as bad on that front as many may have feared . But to pass it off as a real documentary is just plain a slap in the face to people casually watching this and thinking they are even getting half the picture ...
 I do n't belong to the NRA nor do I support their mission . That being said , I found Bowling for Columbine to be without merit for the following reasons.First , Moore 's many interviews add little to our understanding of the tragedy at Columbine High School . In fact , the film reminded me more of David Letterman making fun of his guests than Charlie Rose trying to understand the meaning of a serious problem by talking with intelligent people with information to share . Additionally , without the variety of point of view needed to give balance to the discussion , the film dragged on and on.Next , Moore 's editing of his material was similar to the tiny bits and pieces of information shown on the evening news to hold the attention of a public needing constant stimulation and entertainment . Moore needs to take a lesson from Jim Lehrer who stays focused on his subject in order to arrive at reasonable closure . Also , Moore juxtaposes images to manipulate his audience and suggest valid comparison where none exists.Lastly , Moore takes a shotgun approach to his documentary . He fires his blasts here and there hoping to get a hit and occasionaly he does , but the hits are few and far between . At the end of the film Moore interviews Charlton Heston , looking much the worse for wear and tear , and tries to get Heston to tell us why Columbine happened . Heston has n't a clue and neither does Moore . I thought I might get some insight about the tragedy at Columbine , but all I got was tragedy turned into a bad Hollywood film.Bowling for Columbine fails as a documentary and fails as a Hollywood entertainment .
 Only ordered this movie because it was a requirement of ENG102 . I think the movie was just ok . It seems bias in many areas although it does make you stop to wonder how much the media really does play with our minds . I know the media only tells us what they want us to hear , to buy the products they want us to buy , etc. . Movie was n't that bad , just a touchy subject I suppose because it makes me angry how the media uses us -LRB- the public -RRB- .
 One star would be generous.Moore is a would-be activist with an agenda . Liberals love him , Conservatives hate him and most of us in the middle realize he 's a nutcase who gets awards because they are given by Hollywood types.The film is nothing more than another Moore rant . No attempt to really put things into perspective -LRB- except his own , very slanted one -RRB- and certainly ignores facts.Moore is a gun-control advocate . Like all such people , he ignores that Murder , assault , etc. are all illegal NOW . So making more laws would do what ? Make them MORE illegal?Don ' t fund Moore . Let the DVD collect dust .
 Reviewing `` Bowling for Columbine '' is difficult from an objective standpoint , as almost all of the reviews here prove . They range from praise that some would save for , say , the Dali Lama , to the kind of active hate I usually save for child killers . The reason is not so much the `` documentary '' , but the man who made it
 Michael Moore is a disgrace to the left-wing society , much like George W. Bush is a disgrace to the right-wing society . `` Bowling For Columbine '' is a film that if it is taken seriously , the results are just laughable . The Columbine shootings were n't based on gun control , and the attackers did n't get their weapons legally either . Moore is just contradicting the second amendment and placing the blame on the firearms business . This is n't a documentary , it 's a deceptive , biased , and opinionated hack job of a movie that Moore is shoving right into our faces . Weapons are n't a problem , humanity and lack of responsibility is the problem.Somebody give Moore a laxative , because he 's so full of -LSB- sh -RSB- it when it comes to his `` documentaries '' .
 Moore has a unique ability to skew the truth to paint the picture he wants the world to see . He makes no sound arguments . All of his data is misleading and not correct . The biggest problem here is the misconception that Gun Control is Crime Control . If you research any of his facts with Federal Government 's statistics on Gun related crime you will find huge disparities . In the U.S. the states with the highest crime rates are those who also have the toughest Gun Control laws . This movie might be good entertainment , but it is NOT a documentary for it relies on absolutely NO facts .
 this is no documentary , no is anything but self-indulgent film spewing his leftist thinking . anyone who enjoyed this film has to be a liberal . this fat pinko should go back to canada . this getting an oscar was an outrage . we need to revert to the black list more than ever .
 The problem with this film is that it is not a documentary . It is a pseudodocumentary so full of staged elements that an Academy Award for this goofy film is an insult to those who have won the award through legitimate effort . If you buy this film be advised that the `` real '' elements included are subjected to severe editing , twisting things to advance the view of the director . A case of `` we do n't report , so you ca n't decide '' . Unless you 're just in it for the laughs , run screaming from this one .
 I watched it with alot of anticipation , but what I got from this was a poorly done homemovie , edited to slant his argument directly to one side , I was looking ofr an objective debate , but I got a man who took delight in harrassing a person suffering from Alzheimers.I feel a little unclean after watching this movie , and would hope to save you from the same feeling .
 I watched the video , it was funny but some things did not seem right . I searched and found www.bowlingfortruth.com very informative .
 It took me a long time to get enough curiosity to even watch it the first time . If this `` documentary '' is Michael Moore 's view of the world , then he needs therapy.He seems to only see the most negative aspects of people , and tries to prove his points with a form of analysis that completely evades me.Explain again how K-Mart was responsible for a couple of kids going on a murder spree ? I guess that my family should go after Coors and Shell Oil if I get killed by a drunk driver . The drunk driver should not be held responsible for his actions , because Shell put gas in his car and Coors put alcohol in his blood ... damn those evil corporations.He completely lost me with the references to Marilyn Manson , bowling , rocket motors and the NRA . Sort of like listening to a somebody saying
 I am very disappointed in the purchase of the DVD The Perfect Nanny ... I CA N'T EVEN HEAR IT EVEN WITH THE TV TURNED UP . This was the only problem I have ever had with the many purchases I have made . VERY DISSAPPOINTED CUSTOMER
 It was not the TV Series I wanted . It had rescues alright . But William Schatner was not narrating it and the Rescue format was different . I was not happy with this product .
 I was disappointed by this DVD set . I could n't help but think that the producers just about turned back-flips to white-wash some of the less pleasant aspects of Islamic history and the Koran . For example , very little was said about the concept of jihad and what the Koran says about it . For another example , the DVD featured an interview with John Esposito , who has been accused by more than a few people of excessively downplaying the Koran 's more bellicose verses . I do n't have a problem with hearing from Esposito , who is obviously a learned man , but for balance there should have been someone like Bernard Lewis or even Daniel Pipes presenting a critical view.Overall , the DVD set did n't have much more knowledge than I think one would get from perhaps taking an `` Islam 101 '' course in college . As such , it 's not worth the price one has to pay to buy it here.One final observation
 It is the worst movie that I have ever seen about Islam . It has nothing to do with the `` Secrets '' of the Coran as the title , but a lot of political issues . I really do not recomend it to anybody .
 This film whitewash the bloody history of Islam and avoid talking about its violent and exclusive ideology.There is one thing the producer should have conveyed to the viewer
 Muslim `` scholars ' '' priority number one is to keep Islam so complicated a maze that it seems far more substantive and profound than it is.The `` relationship '' between the Bible and the Koran is that the Koran was largely clumsily plagiarized from the Bible.Allah is nothing but a big bully , and Muhammad , if he indeed existed at all , was no `` prophet '' . I 'm fully aware that even the painfully obvious about Islam is verboten to be voiced in America today by the pseudo-tolerant Left.This nation is unquestionably doomed if too many of us allow the Lost Left to make the rules for us.The Left is in bed with Islam because they have common enemies : Christianity and the United States . They 're combining forces to remove the last 2 obstacles to their respective Utopias . If they 're successful the fun will really begin when they each find their `` tolerance '' can no longer abide the other 's heresy from their respective cult doctrine.True that .
 The video is a poor attempt to explain the immerging and effect of the Holy Book of QuraanIt did n't touch base on major aspects of the book that is full of miracles amzing the religious same as scientists of what the context carriesI really recommend researchers to find something on the book that is done by a suphysticated Islamic univercities such as Zaytuna in London or Al-Azhar in Cairo . . and by the European catholic by birth currently Muslim researchers such as Karen Armstrong and the most brilliant Hamza Yusuf http://www.zaytuna.orgThis DVD is good if you can do with a one page brief for an encyclopedia !
 Added nothing , no single new inforamtion can be found in this title.Dont waste your money .
 First of all I have not watched this movie yet . All of my information is coming out of a book called `` the anime ! movie guide '' by Helen McCarthy . It has a lot of old and little known titles in it , that might be helpful . All the ones I have looked up so far have , surprisingly , been on amazon.com , though they are occasionally out of stock . The title of this review is the Japanese name for the movie.The Review . On the Tolmekus Research Institutes satellite , a powerful psychic , Moira , probes a passing ship which has set off all the station 's alarms , and ` sees ' a terrible slaughter . An alien has invaded the ship and begun playing with the minds of the crew members , filling them one by one with painful memories and then killing them . Even when ejected into space , the alien continues to claim victims . Only Moira can communicate with it , and as she explores its mind she begins to learn that there may be far more behind the alien attack than anyone has imagined.This was under the categories of Science Fiction and Adult -LRB- probably for the violence -RRB- .
 This film looks like it was shot for only 50 dollars and a hub cap . The film looks grainy and it looks like it was shot on 16MM film . The only good thing about this movie is to see the gorgeous Kenya Moore , damn she looks good . If you just wan na see her I would get this movie . But be warned there is no nudity in this movie . Ted Lange is in the movie as a bartender , I guess he thinks he 's still on the Love Boat .
 This is a bad movie , really bad . You know you 're in trouble when durring the opening credits you see 2 of the stars of the movie listed as producers -LRB- we 're not talking Ron Howard & Ton Hanks here -RRB- The story is laughable , the acting is really weak , but then again the writing is bad so I ca n't blame the actors.Was this a straight to video release ? The production values are NILL ! It really hurts me to say all this , because Kenya Moore is in it . I 'm not sure if she 's a good actor or not , because I 've never seen her in a well written role . But man oh is she beautiful ! She is also the executive producer here . The story has a ton of holes in it . At one point Kenya and 2 of her stripper friends -LRB- they dance at a strip club but all 3 are againt , and do n't actually strip -RRB- are talking , she is crying over a tragedy . She says she wants revenge , pulls out 2 fake ID 's , gives them to her friends and asks if they are in . They pause a second and both agree . Now mind you there are fake ID 's & `` revenge '' involved . AND ... Neither asked exactly what she was refering to . They just agreed like that.Not to give the movie away , but the 3 strippers who do n't actually strip become car thiefs for the town mob boss . Who , shockinly , is a fat Italian who seems to sit around his warehouse all day eating pasta.As bad as the movie started , it never got better . And the final 10 minutes are about THE WORST I remember seeing . The ending takes the cake for beliving so unbeliable . I did n't see it coming at all , but then again I did n't really care enough to try and figure it out . I am not kidding when I say overall this movie has the calibur of a first film made by a group of high school students . I will give the movie 1 of the 2 stars because it was totally independant , and they did do a better job then I could . Which really is n't saying much ... And I 'll give it the other star I did because Kenya is in it , and she is a sight to behold . Note this is R rated , there is some explicit langauge , but no real violence , and no nudity . The `` strip club '' scenes . the dancing females have Bikinis on .
 This edition of Alpha videos Lets get Tough is an abomination . Save your money until some other company decides to do it right.Unviewable .
 After the Dead End Kids and before the Bowery Boys , there were the East Side Kids
 The premise here
 One star for one of the worst castings in film history . What was Melville thinking of casting Belmondo in the role of a priest ? Totally absurd . The film itself is also very boring and predictable , I quit watching it halfway through .
 This was a collection of clips from older bollywood movies . I was looking for dance numbers . There was not much dance here just singing .
 Ray is Lara Croft in more practical clothing . Her adventures also pre-date Lara Croft by several years.I wish I could give this tape more than just Two Stars , because the first of the two episodes of ` Explorer Woman Ray ' contained on it is truly top-notch . It is * exactly * what a ` Tomb Raider ' cartoon should be like if such an item is ever made.The story in the first episode is tight , the animation is top-notch , even bit-players in the supporting cast are interesting characters , and the action keeps coming fast and furious.Unfortunately , the second episode on the tape is as bad as the first one is good . The story is dull and plodding , the animation is about the level of ` Thunder Cats , ' the characters are uninteresting -LRB- even the ones that were charming in the first episode -RRB- , and the action scenes feel forced and are universally poorly conceived.This is one video that started with a bang and went out with a whimper . And , sadly , the good does not manage to outweigh the bad .
 Boy , was I tricked into getting this ! Actually , I got this for Christmas , so I did n't have to pay any sort of money into this . It says on the cover
 The story is crap . The acting is lame . Could of been quite entertaining , but it looks like they made it up as they went along . The story seems to do a right angle half way through and then goes nowhere . Not much naughty bits to write home to mother about either . Save your money and use your imagination . You will be better rewarded .
 This movie did n't come close to the standards set by Porky 's or numerous other 70s and 80s - vintage skin flicks that became popular . The women were okay looking , but there was not a hint of the situational circumstances that cause nudity to be arousing , as occured in Revenge of the Nerds , Porky 's , or Harold and Kumar go to White Castle ; any teenager could come up with a better story . If you are in it only for the nudity , you could do as well or better just about anywhere .
 You 're looking at buying this for one of two reasons , do n't bother . It 's not funny , not even stupid funny , and there is nothing erotic about this movie unless you like 30-40 year old people with sagging skin pretending to get it on . If you want funny/erotic movies check out Misty Mundae , at least theres some decent content there .
 It is just no good . Save your money
 NEW HORIZONS HASNT MDAE A GOOD MOVIE BEFORE AND PROBALY WONT AS ANY OTHER SEX FILM GOS ALONG THIS IS A COMEDY AS NEW HORIZONS IS A DIRECT TO VIDEO COMPANY HAS THE SLIGHT KNOWING HOWITS GOING TO END UPAS THENEW COMPANY NOW IS NEW CONCORDE IS THE EXACT SAME COMPANY FOR MOVIES ANOL D MOVIES PUTOUT ON IT TRYING TO GIVE OUT MADE
 It is a very poor transfer , it 's like watching the DVD in a fog . My original VHS is by far a superior recording . Why would Amazon release such a poor product ? Save your money , do not buy the DVD !
 Why on earth is this video so expensive ? I saw it once on TV and would have liked to own it ... Really ?
 I 've never done a review here , but wanted to for this DVD so others do n't lose time and money , too . I 'm a self-taught glass lampworker . I bought this DVD on a whim to see if it held anything new . This is the worst instructional DVD for lampworking I 've seen.The anonymous , 5-star review below entitled `` Best video on the Market '' leads me to believe that reviewer is the DVD-maker himself . He sells this DVD on a popular auction website , & has just begun leaving that statement for anyone who leaves him negative feedback there . His response to me personally was , `` Have you even watched it ?? It 's the Best Video on the Market ! '' He also went on about the music being `` fabulous '' and `` marvelous '' just like the reviewer below does.Would be great to see the DVD-maker make positive changes for his next DVD based on constructive feedback instead of blowing them off with , `` It 's the best video on the market ! `` 1 . -RRB- Annoying music plays endlessly . `` Best Video on the Market '' review below states the music is `` classical '' music . No , it 's not . It sounds like a bad band playing in a neighbor 's garage . The * few * times the instructor speaks , the music often makes it hard to hear him .2 . -RRB- The instructor makes nice items , but shares little of the HOW - WHY - WHAT - WHEN of what he 's doing . Example narration from the DVD
 I bought this video due in large part to the first review . I strongly suspect that the only person who could have given this video such a review is the author himself.Throughout the whole video , techniques are not explained , but horrible background music is played ... what a bummer ! The following excerpts will give you an idea of how the video is narrated : `` Brad is now picking up the glass . '' `` Brad places the punt -LRB- ? -RRB- back in the flame '' `` Brad switches to his left hand . `` Do n't get me wrong . The artist produced first rate products , but `` how '' it was done was not explained.Simply do not bother with this video if you really want to learn lampworking basics .
 I agree that the only person who could possibly find this video helpful is the director/producer himself.Don ' t buy this , it 's a waste of money.I have found many books like , `` Flameworking '' , to be much more helpful than any part of this video .
 The other reviewers pretty much summed up the main problems with this video , but did anyone happen to notice that the first `` customer review '' and the editorial review are almost identical ? Also , the music is praised so much because the director and composer share the same last name ... . brothers?Thanks to the other reviewers -LRB- and the friend of mine who let me borrow his copy -RRB- for your honesty and helping me to make the decision to find another product to help me further my lampworking knowledge and techniques .
 Very Bad quality all around , The disk it self delaminated , very bad music in vid . Pay the $ and get the Freeman Corban DVD 's
 An ABC News VIDEO , Hosted by Forrest Saywer of DAY ONE , A video version of We Were Soldiers Once And Young which is 25 % Fiction and should ` nt be considerd as history . ABC News takes Jack P. Smith -LRB- coward at LZ ALBANY and of the Vietnam war accoording to the uniform code of military Justice art. 99 -RRB- , of ABC News and Host of ABC NEWS VIDEO `` VIETNAM The Soldiers Story `` Which volume one `` AMBUSH ! THE BATTLE OF THE IA DRANG is a take off of Saywers `` They Were Young and Brave '' and Galloways and Col.Moores `` We Were Soldiers Once And Young '' . Smith does correct some of the mistakes from `` They Were Young and Brave '' BUT !! not all of them . , Galloway -LRB- plegerist -RRB- at U.S.News and World Report and Col.Moore -LRB- had no knowledge of airmobile tatics -RRB- the Battalion Commander of the 1 Battalion 7 cavalry 1 cavalry Division Airmobile , and a select group of veterans back to the battle field of LZ XRAY NOV 14,1965 , LZ ALBANY 17 NOV 1965 . The video a collection of shorts of the 10000 Day War , and Vietnam TV History , video shot during the trip and combat film shot after 5:00 pm when the team arrived at X-RAY . Saywer -LRB- Who caught malira during the trip -RRB- and ABC News trying to bolster Day Ones rating aired `` They Were Young and Brave '' on Jan 10,1994 and June 29,1995 of 1 Hour each , `` Prime Time '' . THINGS WRONG Helicopter being shot down . Helicopter is from village war and the PAVN gunner is from TET , The rest of the mistakes Quoated by Saywer the corrections are Taken from We Were Soldiers Once and young so I 'll put the page and number . Col. Moore did ` nt call in the BROKEN ARROW code , The FAC LT. Charlie W. Hastings did . Page 7 and 149 . The lost Platoon wase ` nt rescued in the morning but in the afternoon at 3:00 pm by Tully 's 2/5 , Page 174 . The combat film team did ` nt get to X-Ray until 5:00 PM they came in with B company of the 2/7 , Capt. Forrest of the 1/5 did ` nt fly in the day before , They walked in with McDades 2/7 . on the way to LZ Abany . The 2 PAVN captured at LZ Albany were ARMED not unarmed page 225 , Jack P. Smiths story dose ` nt match his orignal story from the Saturday Evening Post Jan 28,1967 page 263 when he is used as a sand bag , Smith changed his story when he spoke at the Wall becouse any veteran there would know he was lying.From the post page 82 3rd coloum bottom of page SMITH '' His feet were by my head and his head WAS BETWEEN MY FEET !!!! as you see the hot rounds coulnt hit him in the back !! . BY SP/4 RUSSELL L. ROSS D TROOP 2/7 garry owen -LRB- RECON PLATOON -RRB- loneranger32 , B company 1/511 inf airborne 11 AirAssualt test 90mm Recoilless Rifle antitank gunner , B company 2/8 1st cavalry division Airmobile , the 511 became the 2/8
 Made towards the end of the Second World War , `` Kolberg '' is a great eample of how Nazi cinema never really recovered from the exodus of stellar directorial , acting and production personnel upon Hitler 's ascent to power in 1933 . Directed by the infamous Veit Harlan - who also helmed the vicious anti-semitic propaganda `` Jud Suss '' -LRB- 1940 -RRB- - `` Kolberg '' tells of the eponymous town valiant defence against Napoleon 's army in 1806 . The chilling overtones to the story clearly mark it as National Socialist propaganda . For instance , the film labours the need of citizens to fight when they are threatened , and makes a triumph of the eventual accptance by Gneissenau that death is better than surrender.Unforunately , these are the most interesting elements of the film . Generally the direction is lacklustre , the large cast sparsely used , and the battles over too fleetingly to really make any claim to being a war epic . Heinrich George 's performance is the stuff of steely resolve one would expect , but the romantic elements are not handled well either by Harlan or the actors -LRB- including the generic stoic Aryan character played by Kristina Soderbaum , who was also cast in the superior `` Ohm Kruger -LRB- 1941 -RRB- -RRB- . Harlan 's film only seems to spring into life when dealing with the wholesale destruction of Kolberg , filming the collapsing buildings with gusto . German audiences of the time knew all too well about destruction , but few ever saw the finished film , as it was released as the Nazis were on the verge of defeat . In reality , they did n't miss very much .
 The story is crap . The acting is lame . Could of been quite entertaining , but it looks like they made it up as they went along . The story seems to do a right angle half way through and then goes nowhere . Not much naughty bits to write home to mother about either . Save your money and use your imagination . You will be better rewarded .
 This movie did n't come close to the standards set by Porky 's or numerous other 70s and 80s - vintage skin flicks that became popular . The women were okay looking , but there was not a hint of the situational circumstances that cause nudity to be arousing , as occured in Revenge of the Nerds , Porky 's , or Harold and Kumar go to White Castle ; any teenager could come up with a better story . If you are in it only for the nudity , you could do as well or better just about anywhere .
 You 're looking at buying this for one of two reasons , do n't bother . It 's not funny , not even stupid funny , and there is nothing erotic about this movie unless you like 30-40 year old people with sagging skin pretending to get it on . If you want funny/erotic movies check out Misty Mundae , at least theres some decent content there .
 It is just no good . Save your money
 NEW HORIZONS HASNT MDAE A GOOD MOVIE BEFORE AND PROBALY WONT AS ANY OTHER SEX FILM GOS ALONG THIS IS A COMEDY AS NEW HORIZONS IS A DIRECT TO VIDEO COMPANY HAS THE SLIGHT KNOWING HOWITS GOING TO END UPAS THENEW COMPANY NOW IS NEW CONCORDE IS THE EXACT SAME COMPANY FOR MOVIES ANOL D MOVIES PUTOUT ON IT TRYING TO GIVE OUT MADE
 The title of this DVD is very misleading . It says `` Operation Paintball - Total Dominance '' , implying it covers the game `` paintball '' . It covers * speedball * . Which is PART of `` paintball '' . And that is the single most misrepresentative thing about this DVD . I wrongly assumed this DVD , with the title `` operation paintball '' , covered both speedball , and bush/recreational paintball.It does n't . It 's a one sided coin.Now me being a bush player exclusively , I found the information on this DVD irrevelant to what I was looking for , and considerably less than the hype other reviews here have given it . There is nothing in this DVD you could n't simply find on the Internet.Drills , strategy -LRB- or lack therof -RRB- , gun maintenance , safety ... there 's nothing on this DVD you should n't be able to find for free , failing that ... if you 're an intermediate player , you 'll probably watch this DVD and find you already know most of the things covered.Pros : Well presentedSome good info for newbiesCons : Extremely short -LRB- 45 mins -RRB- Misleading titleInformation is of the most basic natureAssumes `` paintball '' means `` speedball '' . No bushball information covered or acknowledged.Very hefty price for what 's actually on the DVD .
 okay ... if you know nothing ... zilche ... about paintballing and are interested in getting into this awesome sport and you want to get an idea about what 's it 's all about . . then yeah ... this DVD might be for you ... but if you 've played more than 2 times out in the field ... than you should NOT buy this DVD ... I 've been paintballing for only about 2 months -LRB- been out paintballing about 5 times -RRB- ... and this DVD has a lot of information that you could read out of a paintballing magazine or website ... plus ... this DVD trys to teach you using amateur little kids ... i was not happy with it at all ... now i have another expensive coaster on my coffee table ... so yeah ... . save your 30 dollars like i wish i did ... and go read up on it and spend that 30 dollars paintballing ... i hope this helped ...
 One has to wonder how many of these rave 5 star reviews are by the chorus of singers in the film ? Documentary films have progressed tremendously since this film won an Academy Award 21 years ago . It 's no '' The Thin Blue Line '' , which came out three years earlier and revolutionized documentary film making . The Thin Blue Line was wrongfully disqualified by the Academy from receiving nominations because of the re-enactments , or was it because of the re-enactments of the re-enactments ? I do n't think re-enactments raise an eyebrow now.Many of these reviews are of the VHS tape version and anybody rating that either did the review a long time ago when documentaries were not as well made as today , or they are so behind the times they do n't have anything recent to compare , like thousands of documentaries released on DVD first.I live in San Francisco and have known or met many singers like these chorus singers . I watched this a year ago and wondered how it got an Academy Award . It is pretty unmemorable . I guess they were a lot easier to win for a documentary 21 years ago , or the director had a great PR person like `` The Artist '' had . Maybe the success of The Thin Blue Line so upset the Academy that they decided to reward only the status quo for a few years . Does Ernest Borgnine get to vote on documentaries too ? If not now , I bet he did when this won.Nowadays , the competition is fierce for feature length documentaries . I have forgotten the specific details , but being a gay man , I do recall there was a very compelling background story for one of the gay male singers uncovered in this film , but the director chose to ignore it . That was frustrating , It would have been much more interesting than what was n't ignored . The cinematography is boring -LRB- the wife/partner did it -RRB- . People are starting to understand you do n't have to accept boring cinematography just because it is a documentary , but they still succeed today with boring cinematography . That is changing as the bar is raised , even in short , no-budget doc films .
 I am very disappointed
 This movie has no real substance . It 's really pretty awful and really too stupid to be considered good . The invisible man could have been portrayed so much better if just given a bit more thought but I guess no one really cared since the focus is mainly on silly women humping the air . I guess it would be considered light comedy/porn with as much silliness included as possible . Do n't waste your money on it unless you are desperate for entertainment of a weak storyline and lots of shots of breast and women 's & men 's butts which is about all you 're really gon na get , so if that 's all you 're looking for , then you 'll like this movie .
 This is a box set of five videotapes/forty episodes -LRB- eight episodes per tape -RRB- of the vintage television series , `` One Step Beyond '' hosted by John Newland . For those of you who are too young to remember , `` One Step Byond '' was an anthology series somewhat in the same vein as the `` Twilight Zone '' but focusing more on psychic and/or occult phenomenon allegedly based on true occurences . As one might expect , these true -LRB- ? -RRB- stories were dramatized for television . `` One Step Beyond '' was a good show and a worthwhile addition to any horror/sci-fi video collection . However , I rated these episodes as two stars because of the poor quality of the videos . These videos are standard play -LRB- SP -RRB- mode but this did little to enhance the quality . The videos are not remastered or enhanced at all . This is not necessarily a bad thing , however , the original film print often suffers from dirt , scratches , spots , and age . The fade-ins and fade-outs are sometimes `` choppy '' presumably from editing or mishandling by local televsion stations while in syndicated reruns . Overall , I am glad I purchased this set . It is watchable and better than nothing . However , I think `` One Step Beyond '' deserves respect and a much better treatment than `` Bridgestone Multimedia '' -LRB- the manufacturer -RRB- has given it .
 While the episodes from One Step Beyond are classic and wonderful , the quality of the videos themselves is quite poor . If the orignal film had dirt on it scratched , or there was a break in it , those effects showed up on the video . The sound at times dragged . The fading in and out scenes were handle in an abrupt manner and not in a smooth flowing fashion . It 's a real shame that the company that produced this video set did n't do a better job . I was truly disappointed .
 I was never a huge fan of Marvel 's `` Ultimate '' imprint & it 's not because they 've re-imagined the characters to make them more appealing to a wider & generally younger audience , it 's just that the material is n't very good or original . Ultimate Daredevil & Elektra is like something out of the WB with it 's teen angst & whiny melodrama . The art might be somewhat pretty but the story just lacks any real depth . Save your cash & do n't bother with this .
 This movie has no real substance . It 's really pretty awful and really too stupid to be considered good . The invisible man could have been portrayed so much better if just given a bit more thought but I guess no one really cared since the focus is mainly on silly women humping the air . I guess it would be considered light comedy/porn with as much silliness included as possible . Do n't waste your money on it unless you are desperate for entertainment of a weak storyline and lots of shots of breast and women 's & men 's butts which is about all you 're really gon na get , so if that 's all you 're looking for , then you 'll like this movie .
 I saw this film in the theatre on a Chow yun fat film festival . I found the film very amateureshly written . I know action films suspend belief , but this was ridiculous -LRB- a woman gets shot in the head , but dose n't die for about 7 minutes , chow recieves over 30 bullet hits in the filnale , but survives . -RRB- The story itself was intriguing , but the gun battles were ver outlandish , and out of place -LRB- shing fui on 's demise is particularly laughable -RRB- . I can take many stupid violent films of the eighties -LRB- AMerican '' Lethal Weapon , HK
 I want to know the languages it has mandarin .
 I want to know the languages it has mandarin . Is audio track has the Chinese -LRB- Mandarin -RRB- ?
 I thought there would be more than one Curious George DVD . Most of the titles I had never heard of and my 2yr old did ` nt like them either .
 I was not happy with this collection at all . Would not recommend it to anyone .
 This video is made by people and kid rock has nothing to do with any of it . It is just a bunch of people telling corny stories about kid rock . Worst thing I have ever watched and I am a huge kid rock fan . ZERO stars !!!!!
 This was the biggest WASTE of money ever !!!!! This should have been called `` KID ROCK THE INCOMPLETE STORY '' . I should have known that if this was not being sold at regular stores or on Kid 's site that this was an unauthorized piece of junk . I made it through an agonizing 15 minutes before taking it out and throwing it in the garbage . I wouldnt even give this away . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY . All KID fans need to wait until he decides to release a REAL DVD .
 this waste of money has no Kid Rock music or videos.just some people who ` say ' they know him and talk about him.DON ' T WASTE YOUR MONEY LIKE I DID
 I purchased it for a female friends birthday present ! Needless to day it wasnt what I thought it would be ! She wanted a Live performance of `` Kid Rock '' . Instead she received a video of flashing tities & A MUSIC CD with unrecognizable songs . Now its sitting on MY bureau collecting dust .
 DO NOT SPEND YOUR MONEY ON THIS ITEM . I received this as a gift from a friend ! This was awful . The video stunk ... a bunch of people talking about Kid Rock , but , Kid was not in the video . This was the worse thing that I have ever seen . After 5 minutes , I was ready to shut it off . The CD , at best , was just tolerable . Definitely , not a product of Kid Rocks ! This is an UNAUTHORIZED product . Kid would never put his name on something like this . Again , do not spend your money !!
 This DVD is a piece of sh . . !! No wonder it 's an UNauthorized biography !! I ca n't see Kid Rock putting his endorsement on this piece of garbage .
 Do not buy this is the worst thing I have ever seen Kid Rock has nothing to do with this .
 Lucky for Ray Manzarek that he met with Jim Morrison on Venice Beach that fateful day , for his talents in film are not to be found in this banal hack-flick . They should resurrect the show MST3K for this movie alone . If you want a good laugh at Mr Manzarek 's expense , see this movie , otherwise stay away . I can guarentee that Jim Morrison , Ray Manzarek 's idol , would have been disgusted to learn that his name was used in the opening credits as writer of this trash . Morrison did not write this script , as R.M. mentions in one of the extras sections on the dvd , but had only mentioned a scenario in passing . R.M. , the forever opportunist , tries to cash in again on Jim Morrison 's name . Ray Manzarek , have you no shame ?
 This movie is simply a vehicle for Ray Manazarik to yet again exploit his association with The Doors . It was painful to watch and if it were n't for the 34B 's that were shown abundantly throughout the movie I do n't think that I would have made it to the end credits . This is softporn masked as a serious independant film from a man who should know better . There does n't seem to be any actual content to this movie and I ca n't believe that I was pursuaded to purchase this from the previous 2 reviews on Amazon.com , which were probably from the actors themselves . After watching the Bonus Material and seeing the Ray Manzarek interview I can now conclude that this former keyboard player of The Doors is desperately trying to revisit his past with Jim Morrison , as usual . He traverses their early stomping grounds with unamusing anecdotes , overstating `` yes , I knew Jim Morrison ! '' . What is even more pathetic is that this entire movie was based on an idea that Jim Morrison had while drunk off his ass.Even diehard Doors fans should avoid this stinker . In fact , it will only get them depressed , or extremely angry .
 In 1965 Ray Manzarek was said to be the filmmaker at the UCLA film school with the brightest career in movies . Unfortunately , he waited 35 years to make his feature film debut . As we all know instead of making films Manzarek went on to from the rock group The Doors with fellow student Jim Morrison.Love Her Madly stars Jennifer Lothrop , who now co-hosts FX 's DVD on TV , as Hadley , the object of desire of a three man love triangle , two fellow students and a professor . After setting up her relationship with each of the three men , and giving each a motive for killing her , she ends up dead and the whodunit murder mystery is on . There is a cameo by Ray Manzarek and Michael McClure as curmudgeonly musicians demanding to be paid.As a filmmaker -LRB- and a novelist -RRB- Manzarek is exceedingly linear . His artistic point of view of is someone trained on the piano where logical progression from A to B to C work to create a coherent whole . What Manzarek does n't understand is that art is n't a rational progression , it needs to take irrational leaps , Jim Morrison understood this , Manzarek has n't learned that lesson . Love Her Madly is a logical progression of a plot but it 's flat , monotone in tone and dialogue delivery , and there are no surprises in a genre that demands surprise . Although , a couple of the actors went on to better things T.J. Thyne -LRB- the TV series Bones -RRB- , the performances here are also flat , no one does anything special with their part consequently 20 minutes after watching this movie you 'll be struggling to remember what happened.Jim Morrison is given a story credit in the movie , whether this is a cynical move on Manzarek 's part to garner interest in the movie on Morrison 's legendary status , or if , as Manzarek claims in the commentary he and Jim talked about making this movie . Depending on when that would have occurred in The Doors career it stretches credulity that anything of significance could have been discussed with Morrison.There are no Doors songs on the soundtrack . Manzarek provides nothing to the soundtrack either using a frequent partner of his named Bal.For bonus features there is a tour of Venice , CA where The Doors were born and created their early music and which is of much more interest than the movie . This DVD is only for a hardcore Doors/Manzarek aficionado who wants to complete their collection .
 I agree with other review ... total waster of time and money . Do n't bother . I could not even figure out the story line and I watch a lot of Korean drama .
 This movie was a total waste of money but more so a waste of time . I have no clue as to what they were thinking when someone financed this.Perhaps there is a bridge in Brooklyn I can sell them .
 The only time I 've heard about ZOMBIE BRIGADE was from the directors of THE UNDEAD -LRB- an upcoming Australian ZOMBIE flick really awesome -RRB- . They were like '' this is the only ZOMBIE flick the Australia has produced so far ... `` As a ZOMBIE Movies Fan , when I saw that this movie was available on AMAZON , I decided to give it a try . And well , this was quite a disappointment at first . I 'm easy when it comes to Zombies but this one does not have any decent make-ups or gore F.X and the ending is just crap.On the other hand , the acting is not that bad and the plot is quite intelligent . It shows how dumb Australian Rednecks Society can be and includes some Aborigines cultural elements which is cool . Overall , you got some nice pictures like the one showing the ZOMBIE SOLDIERS walking in the cemetery.If you buy this movie , do n't expect a Zombie Gorefest but an O.K Horror movie worth watching late at night .
 This is a stinky Aussie vampire/zombie movie that has little to offer . The premise sounds great but it 's a no-budget sleepwalk and entirely without a point . A Viet Nam memorial is dynamited to make room for a Japanese theme park dedicated to cartoon character Robot Man ... see , I told you it sounded great ! Zombie vampire Viet Nam vets are then released and mosey all over the place doing very little , actually . A snore , a bore , off to the trade-in store .
 Ted Daniels -LRB- Cameron Mitchell -RRB- captures , tames and trains a special wild horse that he names Gallant Bess . When Ted gets injured and incapacitated , Bess is stolen from him and he has to decide whether to pursue her - or to stay where he is a pursue the doctor 's lovely daughter -LRB- Audrey Long -RRB- instead . Adventures of Gallant Bess is not to be confused with the more popular , better-remembered Gallant Bess , a movie that was released in 1947 . This movie is an OK Western , but not the horse movie you may be hoping for -LRB- Gallant Bess , the other one , is about a soldier who finds a horse during WW2 -RRB- . Staci Layne Wilson
 This season is no better . Then buy it and watch it , I recommend better to wait a while and buy it cheaper , not worth $ 40 today .
 Since the item said &#34; NEW &#34; I assumed I was buying the original packaged box set . It looked new from the outside but when you take a close look at the discs you can tell they were printed images . So I watched a few episodes and was annoyed that the picture was very pixely -LRB- not sure if thats even a word -RRB- ... definitely wasnt nice and clear like Im used to watching . Disappointed .
 This show was great the first few seasons but some of the story lines got old . I think I 've already sold my copy of this season .
 this is a terrible sanitized version of a great British classic ... lots of funny scenes are missing ... most of the humor is completely lost in this awful re-working . . if you want a simple characterless 24 minutes for little children fine ... but if you are anticipating the Mel Smith ` fun for all the family ' Christmas treat - forget it ! It cites Mel Smith as the ` actor ' but he is not!why oh why ca n't the original version be released in the US ?
 Beware everyone familiar with this film from British TV . This is an americanized version of what , to me , is a Christmas classic - and it ruins it . Mel Smith no longer provides the funny , colloquial voicing for Father Christmas . Instead you get a sanitized `` posh '' British accent , killing most of the humour . He hardly says `` bloomin ' '' at all !
 This version is TERRIBLE !!! It really deserves ZERO stars . Only a milktoast -LRB- spineless , vascilating sissy -RRB- would enjoy it . ROLL ON MEL SMITH !
 Do not buy this if you are looking for the original version from British TV . We had recorded that version on a VHS tape and wanted to update to a DVD version . I failed to read others ' warnings that this version has been `` Americanized '' and watered down . The British -LRB- cockney -RRB- accent , unconventional language , and irreverence are what made the original a family Christmas favorite . This version is only appropriate for the kindergarten set . I am buying a separate replacement from the UK .
 My 3 year old daughter chose `` Father Christmas '' from the shelf of her school 's library . It seems that the whole point of this book is to depict Santa Claus as cynical , indolent , and only able to find refuge in his several alcohol breaks . Is this the portrait of Santa Claus that my daughter should dream of on christmas eve ?
 This book was just brought to me by my wife ... she was reading it to our 6 children at bed time after having got it from the school library.The `` grumpy '' attitude from Santa let alone the references from him drinking and using profanity is absolutetly inappropriate for anyone other than legal adults.This book is very discerning and is a perfect example of the degration our ethics , morality and adherence to `` political correctness '' . If your child believes in Santa -LRB- God bless them if they do -RRB- do n't buy this book and definately do n't read it to them . It 'll destroy the magic of Santa and Christmas .
 My daughter innocently brought this book home from her school library hoping to have a nice Santa book the week before Christmas . Unfortunately , this book is n't even a story , intead it is a cartoon strip about a grumpy Santa swearing throughout his Christmas chores . One panel depicts Santa with his pants down around his ankles while using the toilet . Apparently , the only thing that make this Santa happy is booze.Not appropriate at all for children .
 The expectations set by The Snowman were high as it is an excellent film.First off this short had dialog which was certainly not expected!The animation was ok and not nearly the quality of the first.The hope was extending the Christmas joy of the Snowman to/and through Father Christmas.Didn ' t happen .
 For whatever reason someone decided to re-dub the original Mel Smith voice over with someone who does n't sound grumpy , does n't say bloomin ' and swaps in words like vacation for holiday . Absolute nonsense . Seek out the original online .
 This version is NOT the original , they have re voiced Father Christmas and made him less grumpy and changed words and his accent . Mel Smith - the first actor listed is NOT the voice actor you get - apparently it is an American voice actor -LRB- if you look closely at the description -RRB- - I contacted amazon and told them about it - I am returning it for a refund and they are going to look into why mel Smith is listed when so many people have said it is not the right version !! Very disappointed - was showing it in the USA for some UK culture and it was not the version I know - we watched the original version on YouTube instead !
 We have tried 2 videos from this site looking for a personal copy of a program we saw on TV in 1995 . This has been scrubbed for `` G '' and does not include the funny dialoge we were expecting .
 WARNING . . This in not the hilarious video we saw on TV in 1995 . This has been scrubbed for `` G '' and does not include the dialoge we had hoped to find . We tried the other listed video on this site , and it was a scrubbed `` G '' also .
 This was not the UK version with Mel Smith although his name appeared in the catalog but the -LRB- inferior in my opinion -RRB- US version . Still an excellent story but better with the UK voices .
 This was a true BEGINNERS video of yoga . It was very low quality in it 's making , and the instructions were almost to easy . I felt that for the price it was n't worth it at all . And the tape I purchased only played for 10 minutes and then started skipping and I could n't stop it . All in all I would n't recommend it . I much prefer Yoga for Every body .
 You bye it because you think it 's varios Reggaetoneros and it 's just females dancing . It went straight to the garbage did not want to spend money on postage again .
 I viewed this film `` cold , '' having no idea what to expect -- had n't even read a synopsis of the plot . And when it was over , I found I was just staring at the television screen , thinking `` What the heck was THAT all about ? `` I 'm not kidding , I thought this was terrible . The story is supposedly about an alcoholic , unstable writer and his relationship with two younger men . I say `` supposedly , '' because for all practical purposes there is no plot -- these relationships are never explored in any depth at all . What we see is the writer acting like a complete jerk at all times -LRB- really , I 've seldom seen such an unlikeable character -RRB- , interspersed with random fantasy sequences that he conjures up -LRB- being a writer and all , he has quite an imagination -RRB- , as he tries to seduce one of the other men . Holy cow , this was awful.There 's plenty of casual nudity , and I 'll admit the men are attractive in their own separate ways . But even if that is your thing , this film is n't worth watching for it . Try something else -- anything else.The picture quality of the DVD is abysmal -- looks like it was transferred from an old VHS copy , which in turn was taken from a damaged print . -LRB- I 'm talking about dirt on the film , splices in the print resulting in missing frames , the works . -RRB- The only `` special feature '' is a still gallery -- which is just a handful of random frame grabs from the print itself.Avoid if at all possible .
 Not at all what I expected . Subtitles made no sense to the images viewed and just generally NOT a good purchase . Very pleased with the method and timeliness of the delivery , though .
 I was most disappointed with the quality of this DVD - it seems nothing more than a poor copy from an even poorer Video which is such a shame as I had eagerly awaited the transfer to DVD . The film is excellent but spoied by the poor quality of the DVD
 the DVD/Film quality was terrible , really not worth the money spent ! The film was a bit strange ; though there were a lot of nice naked bodies to gander at , competent acting performances and a fine cinematic craftsmanship , the subtitles were at speed reading quickness and at times really did n't seem to fit the scene . All and all a cinematically competent film with a `` foreign strangeness '' about it .
 This film looks like it was shot for only 50 dollars and a hub cap . The film looks grainy and it looks like it was shot on 16MM film . The only good thing about this movie is to see the gorgeous Kenya Moore , damn she looks good . If you just wan na see her I would get this movie . But be warned there is no nudity in this movie . Ted Lange is in the movie as a bartender , I guess he thinks he 's still on the Love Boat .
 This is a bad movie , really bad . You know you 're in trouble when durring the opening credits you see 2 of the stars of the movie listed as producers -LRB- we 're not talking Ron Howard & Ton Hanks here -RRB- The story is laughable , the acting is really weak , but then again the writing is bad so I ca n't blame the actors.Was this a straight to video release ? The production values are NILL ! It really hurts me to say all this , because Kenya Moore is in it . I 'm not sure if she 's a good actor or not , because I 've never seen her in a well written role . But man oh is she beautiful ! She is also the executive producer here . The story has a ton of holes in it . At one point Kenya and 2 of her stripper friends -LRB- they dance at a strip club but all 3 are againt , and do n't actually strip -RRB- are talking , she is crying over a tragedy . She says she wants revenge , pulls out 2 fake ID 's , gives them to her friends and asks if they are in . They pause a second and both agree . Now mind you there are fake ID 's & `` revenge '' involved . AND ... Neither asked exactly what she was refering to . They just agreed like that.Not to give the movie away , but the 3 strippers who do n't actually strip become car thiefs for the town mob boss . Who , shockinly , is a fat Italian who seems to sit around his warehouse all day eating pasta.As bad as the movie started , it never got better . And the final 10 minutes are about THE WORST I remember seeing . The ending takes the cake for beliving so unbeliable . I did n't see it coming at all , but then again I did n't really care enough to try and figure it out . I am not kidding when I say overall this movie has the calibur of a first film made by a group of high school students . I will give the movie 1 of the 2 stars because it was totally independant , and they did do a better job then I could . Which really is n't saying much ... And I 'll give it the other star I did because Kenya is in it , and she is a sight to behold . Note this is R rated , there is some explicit langauge , but no real violence , and no nudity . The `` strip club '' scenes . the dancing females have Bikinis on .
 This video was not what I was expecting . I was expecting more content/video footage , instead it was more like a commercial lead-in for documentary . It may have been free , but not worth the time .
 Far too short to do any justice to the subject matter , this little made-for-tv bit of filler is the barest outline of the story of Henry VIII and Anne Boleyn . One could forgive that , since it attempts to address a very complex historical event in 10 minutes ; you ca n't forgive the absence of any fact checking . Anne Boleyn was not 29 when she was executed , she was 35 or 36 , at which age she was considered beyond her prime child bearing years , which was an important element in her downfall . Skip this and look her up on Wikipedia .
 As a huge Maroon 5 fan , I got excited when I came across this DVD . I became a little suspicious when I could n't find anything about it - not even the review that 's quoted on the front of the case . I wish that I had listened to that little red flag in my head , because this is not a great DVD . It 's not even much of a DVD.There 's nothing here that you do n't already know or probably could n't have found on YouTube . It 's mostly comprised of video clips swiped from other sources , including theWal * Mart Soundcheck Maroon 5interview and paparazzi video , with the occasional interview of random people -LRB- I guess , as I did n't recognize them and there are no captions to explain who they are or why they 're relevant -RRB- . Then there 's random still photography like a generic Los Angeles postcard . Most of the video has no relevance to the narration -LRB- like showing us Adam doing motion capture for his appearance in the video gameBand Herowhile talking about the pre-Maroon 5 years -RRB- . The titles bounce all over the screen and look incredibly cheesy . The narration is flat , like an automated phone recording , and it states the obvious ... sometimes more than once . For example , near the beginning we hear about how the original four members of the band attended high school together . Then , 20 minutes later , the narrator tells us that all over again . It all reminded me of those slideshows that people used to put together in high school.I give it one star because it was fun to watch some of the interview clips -LRB- like Adam and Jesse discussing their pre-Maroon 5 jobs -RRB- . But a couple of minutes of footage here and there is n't worth slogging through the rest . If you 're looking for a Maroon 5 DVD , Live Friday the 13th -LRB- CD/DVD -RRB- is infinitely better .
 I do n't know who reviews these things as the review I read indicated this was 5 star . I am going to give you an honest review . This is the worst paranormal DVD I have ever purchased - There is nothing paranormal about it . You have a medium showing people what he claims to be paranormal activity but are just tricks of magic . There is no evidence of paranormal activity in this DVD . The DVD is full of credits , smoke swirls and flames . There are a few segments which are supposed to show activity but no follow through and no evidence . Please do not waste your money on this . Never did see much of the secret bunker . There is even a segment on the decline of the world which was absolutely true but what did it have to do with Scotland 's Secret Bunker and paranormal activity . Why do all these claims of paranormal activity base there decision of activity with orbs . All you see are just bugs or peices of dust , maybe a few possible orbs but this is just energy and not an idicator of paranormal activity . Will someone please produce something that makes sense .
 For people who are just begining to discover Argento , if you have not seen this , do n't . I suggest for you to start with SUSPIRIA or DEEP RED , his masterpieces . Altough i am a fan i have to say that this is probably one of Argento 's worst , next to FOUR FLIES ON GRAY VELVET and THE PHANTOM OF THE OPERA . He holds back considerably on the gore , probably to please the american production company he was working for . In his European productions he does not hold back . Even though in the past he has compensated for a weak narrative by including incredible style and scares this film has neither . It does not feel or look like Argento and the narative is ridiculous . His daughter Asia Argento does a competent enough job and so does Christopher Rydell but the rest of the cast is over the top . And all the hard work that Tom Savini put into the special effects is missing here . It has been cut for this version . And while Argento films are usually accompanied by a great music score the music here sounds like something out of a bad B-horror movie . In short , Argento was not able to put to good use the things that has made his films so good
 What a disappointing movie!My high hopes and excited anticipation were smashedupon the jagged rocks of mediocrity.It had potential , and given the writer and director , Dario Argento , who has written some of the greatestscreenplays and directed some of the greatest filmsever made , it ought to have been great.It is a weak and uninspired effort.What is up with the musical score?Usually a strong point in Argento 's films , the music is terrible.This one is not even worthy of hard-core Argento fans , but they will check it out anyway because they have to , so if your one of those , go ahead , otherwise I recommend `` The Bird With The Crystal Plumage '' , `` Tenebre '' , `` Inferno '' , `` Sleepless '' , `` Suspiria '' , `` Deep Red '' , `` Opera '' and `` Phenomena '' . If your an Asia Argento fan , check out daddy Dario 's `` The Stendhal Syndrome '' . It is hard to believe that the same man that made thosemovies made this one except for some of his signaturetechniques .
 I was lucky enough to find a tape of the uncut edition of TRAUMA . Yet again the story features a serial killer , this one named the Head Hunter because his prefered method of killing is decapitating his victims with a bandsaw . After a teenage girl , Aura -LRB- Asia Argento , the director 's daughter -RRB- witnesses the deaths of her parents at the hands of the Head Hunter the trauma lands her in a mental hospital ... but still the killer comes after her , determined to finish what he started . The psycho also has a strange M.O
 I feel very indifferent about `` Trauma '' . It 's not a great movie , but it 's also not so bad that I feel like ripping it apart for 300 words . `` Trauma '' was made after , what is considered by many to be , the peak period of Dario Argento 's career -LRB- the period between `` Deep Red '' and `` Opera '' , which also includes `` Suspiria '' , `` Phenomenon '' and `` Tenebrae '' - let 's just pretend that `` Inferno '' does n't exist -RRB- , and is the beginning of a period of films that are not so much bad , as simply inferior to their great predecessors . `` Trauma '' 's plot is very simple . Anorexic teenager , Aura -LRB- played by Argento 's teenage daughter , Asia Argento -RRB- , witnesses the deaths of her psychic parents at the hands of the Head Hunter , a serial killer who , as the names suggests , decapitates his victims . With the help of a news artist -LRB- Christopher Rydell -RRB- , Aura then sets about solving the murders . You can probably fill in the rest . Nothing about this film really stands out
 Argento seems to be able to make GREAT horror as POOR ones . With a plot he already used a couple of times and filmed like he did also a couple of times , Dario Argento offers his daughter , not a bad actress at all , in one of his average work . It 's no his worst movie but it 's not fantastic either . The Hitchcock theme sounds sometimes like a very low budget music score , a pity ! For me , not the revelation of Dario Argento 's Art ... This film could have been released decades ago , it 's more like he did n't evolve at all and he simply makes the same recipe again and again . For ARGENTO fans only
 Dario Argento 's first US feature , Trauma , is a film I 'd like to like more , partially because it 's obviously so personal for Argento but largely because it 's depressing to see how ineffectual most of his later films are . In many ways this feels like the work of an overambitious newbie rather than an experienced director
 Good movie . However , there are NO bonus features , as advertised . NO menu , NO extras , NO subtitles , nothing . Amazon should change the description of the product .
 I would like to have had the information that this DVD DOES NOT PLAY ON AMERICAN DVD PLAYER . It was the first disk I had tried to play on my new player . So I could n't figure out what was wrong , I did n't think of putting any other disk in because I just assumed it would play.Why was n't I informed of this ? I got someone to look at the player and finally found out .
 Unimaginative , much hyped sci-fi/horror time filler about small group of survivors of a disease ravaged London , where the infected turn into rage-filled `` monsters '' . Stark film making from talented director of `` Trainspotters '' and `` Shallow Grave '' has its moments , but as a whole it does n't add up to much . Owes much from similar films such as `` The Omega Man '' , `` Dawn of the Dead '' , and `` The Crazies '' , just to name a few . Energetic -LRB- at times frantic -RRB- camera work , appropriate lighting , music and sound , take away from the fact that we 've seen all this before . A few good scares here and there and some truly riveting scenes may keep some fans of the genre from cutting this one loose , but inconsistencies in the story , unintelligable dialouge and one-dimensional characterizations will quickly disappoint others . Clearly not for all tastes , but for those who are game , you 'll have a good time .
 I watched this movie thinking that it was really freakin scary . Wrong . Some parts may be somewhat startling but not at all scary . In this movie as the suspense would be building up there would be some stupid joke or they would cut to another , more quiet scene . The plot in this movie is not bad , and neither is the acting , but the actual story line was a waste of time . Along with poor cinematography and crummy picture quality made it a real waste . I ca n't believe i wasted money on seeing this movie .
 A terrible , terrible movie . Honestly , the only thing this movie has going for it is the cool cover art . I admit the plot is kinda interesting , but the dull characters , unconvincing zombies -LRB- the `` Infected '' -RRB- and utter lack of fright factor bury this movie . The only scary part is in the beginning , and it has NOTHING to do with zombies , or the movie . Its a random thing that happens . Overall , the storyline was hard to follow , the characters were dull and uninteresting , and it was basically one of those movies you watch just because you 're interested to know how the director/writer decided to end this piece of garbage . Avoid at all costs , unless you 're a rabid zombie/horror movie fan , in that case rent it nothing more .
 The blu-ray look exactly like it did in theaters . I bought this for $ 6 at Safeway -LRB- improperly tagged -RRB- or I would not have picked it up . I was filmed on SD Camcorder with no HD or way to upgrade it whatsoever . It might as well have been filmed with the same gear used in the '50s . It looks like the DVD , not better no worse . Buy the DVD unless you are an audiophile .
 I purchased this movie on Blu-ray assuming it would be 1080p , but I was mistaken . It is simply DVD quality . Save yourself the trouble and purchase it on DVD . I do however , love the movie content which is why I purchased it in the first place !
 Lousy premise , lousy acting , lousy filming techniques , lousy color and hues that did n't do anything to change the feeling of the movie . It was n't scary , it was n't thrilling . Tedious does n't even begin to describe this movie . Was the director asleep ? Did he just let the actors improvise all the scenes ?
 When I first heard about this movie , I was looking forward to a better `` Post-apocalyptic zombie movie '' Instead of magically-animated , lumbering piles of flesh , they would be sleeker , faster , more dangerous . At least vague references to medical science were promised.Boy was I wrong ... # 1 This movie is a clumsy social commentary , not a horror movie , as it is billed . All plot elements are subsumed to this goal . Characters act out of character , and the plot lurches towards the end statement envisioned by the writer/director . Watch this movie if you want to appear intelligent/deep/profound . # 2 If I 'd known that Danny Boyle was also responsible for the freakshow known as `` The Beach , '' I never would have seen this movie . The `` 28 days '' plotline is ripped off from that movie . Ah , yes , all of us are barely held in check by society/civilization ... we 'd break loose , rape/kill/rampage , without society 's constraints . Boyle might have well as used Leonardo DiCaprio as `` Jim , '' except leave the headband at home while filming the rampage at the end . # 3 Can we have some intelligent characters in the movie ? Is it required to have bumbling heroes that survive only through dumb luck ? Would YOU light a candle in front of open windows , while zombies are prowling outside ? Is it too much to ask that they not wander off alone ? Can they plan ahead ? Would they really have a picnic in a countryside crawling with zombies ? In a city full of abandoned vehicles , would they really take the worst one available ? Should it take a third of the movie before it occurs to them to USE a vehicle ? All of those characters should have been dead early on in the movie . Plot/Message was clearly more important than characters . # 4 The Soldiers . -LSB- Sigh !! -RSB- All of them are rapists -LRB- save one -RRB- only a month after the fall of civilization ? Is that the Message of the movie ? Men are only held in check by civilization ? Otherwise , they 'd take their nasty guns and ravish the local womenfolk ? If you high-brow 5-star reviewers truly think that , it 's time to come back down to reality . There are plenty of decent people out there , civilization or not.Aspiring directors , why did I rate this movie 2 stars , and not One ? * The background concept for the movie was sound . * The quality of the actual filming was well-done . * The actors were n't bad , just saddled with bad script/direction . In the hands of a director -LRB- as opposed to a preacher -RRB- , `` 28 Days '' had the potential to be a fine film .
 This movie is well made and the first half is pretty exciting , however , midway through the film , it is simply ruined by the pathetic politically correct story line which shows evil white men taking advantage of chaos to create a rape camp . Simply pathetic . The `` heros '' in this film serve the current multi-cultural PC agenda as do the `` villans '' , with the not so subtle message that most white men would turn into violent monsters without the leviathon superstate to keep them in line . But really what can you expect from a film made in Britain , which is a real horrifying PC dystopia , much more scary than this film . To conclude , this film is even more sad because the potential for the story could have been so much more and so much more believable than this thin little fairy tale they concocted . Especially ridiculous is the transformation of the male `` hero '' from a whimpering pasty metro-sexual crying for the female `` hero '' not to leave him behind , `` help , help , do n't leave me '' , into an eye gouging super-hero when confronting evil . This is just another example of why most modern films simply suck . Unrealistic PC drivel . The zombies were cool though .
 What the heck happened ? After a dramatic start that sets the table for pending doom and fatalism , 28 DAYS LATER devolves into a trite and lackluster military bash . It was much more interesting watching Cillian Murphy and Naomie Harris doing battle with hordes of infected humans rather than a platoon of nimrods , but apparently director Danny Boyle decided a jarhead in fatigues was scarier than a snarling pack of red-eyed demons . I know I 'm shaking in my sandals.Again , the entire premise of this film is fascinating
 This movie was terrible . Ugly cinematography , bad direction , poor storyline and run of the mill FX . If you want to see something in the same vein , although much better , try 1971 's `` The Omega Man '' , starring Charlton Heston .
 My partner was very curious to see `` 28 Days Later '' , which , as the ballyhoo went , was this `` ultra-scary '' film that critics and audiences were praising to the skies . Doubting Thomas that I am , was skeptical . So , off we went and rented the DVD . And were we surprised ! What would you get if you took `` On the Beach '' , `` The World , the Flesh and the Devil '' , all of George Romero 's `` Dead '' films , `` Rambo '' , and even `` The Crying Game '' , threw them all together in an editing room , and what would you come up with ? This film ! The film did hold our interest about halfway through the film , though we felt the `` music video '' - style music extremely distracting and annoying , reminding us that we were `` watching a movie '' . We did express interest in the characters , though they were , of course , `` horror/action '' movie characters , i.e. 2-dimensional . And yes , characters that we began to identify with were brutally killed off well into the film , ala Hitchcock 's `` Psycho '' , but then the film just went berserk and fell apart . A maniac British army officer and his goons in a mansion-turned military compound begin to brutalize the -LRB- now 3 -RRB- survivors of a deadly rage-inducing plague to sexist views of womanhood and such . Dressing a `` strong '' black woman and a 14 year old white girl in red prom dresses with the intention of using them for `` man 's pleasure '' , now really ! And the soft-spoken , sensitive hero turns into an avenging Rambo to save them ! And the ending ? Do n't ask ! My partner and I both felt like we 'd been `` had '' . But , courageous souls that we were , watched the extra features on the DVD . The alternative ending -LRB- which is n't an ending , really , it 's more like the second half of the film -RRB- shown in story-board with voice-overs , would certainly have been a much more interesting choice than the wayward direction that this film took . And director Boyle and company 's pontificating about the `` threat of deadly viruses and their possibility '' is all fine and lofty stuff , but that does n't excuse nor validate this misbegotten , bloody mess . The end product should speak for itself . Alfred Hitchcock did n't film presumptuous , preachy explanations following the endings of `` Psycho '' or `` The Birds '' , did he ? Have audiences forgotten the criteria that justify a `` well-made '' and `` entertaining '' film , such as structure , character development , and coherency ? `` 28 Days Later '' is yet another example of `` The Emperor 's New Clothes '' , ladled out to a very complacent , naive , uneducated audience . If you are 20 years old and have been raised solely on MTV , then this is a `` great '' film . To quote a friend 's mother , `` They did n't have ME in mind when they made this '' . Bleccchhhhhhh !
 No . This movie was not very good . Tried to be artsy , but stunk . I would not recommend it to anyone . Ever . But if you like movies that are mediocre , than this may be okay .
 Other than that ... uncreative and juvenile . Skip it if you want to be scared or entertained .
 If I was a member of the British military , I would be disgusted and humiliated by this film . Why did they make the Army charecters at the stronghold a bunch of raping whack jobs ? These people should have been portrayed as civilians gone wrong , not soldiers . Just a terrible plot device , and I feel dumber for having watched it .
 I have never , and I repeat , have never seen a movie that I completely disliked . I have seen a lot of movies in my day , and had yet to be entirely disappointed by a movie until now . I was so excited to see this movie because of all the critical acclaim , but just had n't gotten around to renting it.I think the fact that I was anticipating this movie so much may have led to my utter dissatisfaction . I thought the movie was terrible . For one , there is no sense of time in the movie . Morning turns to night in less than what the movie is depicting as 5 or 10 minutes . I think this flaw was the deciding factor in my final judgement of the movie , though there were many others . I do n't think the characters were as developed as I 'd like . I do n't mean that I want to know everything about them , but I would like to at least have a general sense of personality.Another thing that I did n't like was the ending -LRB- s -RRB- . I 'm not going to give any details out in my review , but after seeing all the endings , I really wish they would have just ended the movie after they left the compound . They ruined it even further by writing the cheezy ending -LRB- s -RRB- that they did.Overall , the only reason I gave the movie 2 stars rather than 1 is out of pity . I do n't have the heart to give an F. I guess I could n't be a teacher .
 I love this movie and was excited when I finally got my Blu-Ray copy ... What garbage ... this transfer to Blu-ray is HORRIBLE ... I surely wished I checked the reviews before I purchased this ... Stick with the DVD ...
 No SPOILERS-Saw this movie back in 2002 and left very disappointed . My daughter brought it home this weekend because she knows I like Zombie movies -LRB- she did n't know that I had already seen it -RRB- and after giving it a second viewing - nope , still bad . It starts out like it 's going to be really good with the atmosphere of the deserted streets but it soon just turns into one of those movies were you keep waiting for something to happen , but never does . It unfortunately was just boring and not scary at all for me and my daughter -LRB- and it did n't help this movie that we watched The Return of the Living Dead two weeks previous which was great fun-no comparison -RRB- so I certainly would n't recommend someone purchasing this .
 With the reviews , I thought this would be a scary movie . But it is n't . It 's based on military experimentation with a virus.The acting is not too great . There really is no `` scare '' in it.A lot of people dying , zombie type undead but even they are not scary . It was a waste of my money .
 `` 28 days later '' was a badley made movie . It contained no plot and you could never tell what was going on . Granted the Stars in the movie were fantastic . The overall movie not worth buying . It was a little too unrealistic . It is highly unlikely to even amagine a virus controlling people in a matter of 15 seconds . I personally thaught it was a terrible movie .
 After seeing the previews i was really wanting to see this . I was disappointed . I dont think it is scary in the least . This entire plot has been done before . It totally ripped of an old 80 's horror moive -LRB- think it was called year of the comet -RRB- where most the world is killed looking at a comet , a few people are left , they pick up a radio transmission , and follow it to its source to find out it wanst what the expected , sound familiar ? Anyways , very slow movie , boring in alot of spots , not enough creatures in the film , and they arnt even the focus of the movie . Deffinitly not enough gore . This is as good as a twighlight zone flick , but not movie material .
 This movie is horrible . It drug out so bad . It had a great storyline and had so much potential but it just did n't come through . Those brits got awfully annoying after a while too . Not enough action either ... I ca n't stand these new directors that think whnever a gory scene comes that the camera should get eal shaky and jump around showing quick dark images so that we ca n't even see whats going on . Horror is losing it , besides House of 1000 Corpses I ca n't think of very many good horror movies that have come out lately . True horror was made in the 70 's and 80 's with Evil Dead , Zombie , and Friday the 13th movies . Those movies you can at least see whats going on . There 's nothing scary about what you ca n't see in a movie , making the screen too dark to know whats going on is n't scary , these directors need to go back to film school or something ... They need to sit down and watch some Lucio Fulci movies and Wes Craven movies , then they might realize what classic horror is , and what it means for a movie to last generations in time because it 's so damn good . These directors from 28 Days Later and Wrong Turn do n't know what the hell I 'm even talking about .
 It 's amazing how crappy movies are being made nowadays . This movie was SO predictable , i watched it with a friend -LRB- a zombie fan -RRB- and he thought it was awesome and bought it right away . And it sucked . This goes on the worst movies list of 2003 with Dreamcatcher , They , and feardotcom . Do n't Waste your time !
 I 've seen this movie before , in several different versions . It starts out as `` 12 Monkeys '' then transforms into `` The Quiet Earth '' and finally ends as `` Day of the Dead . '' In fact , the entire movie is a patchwork of previous , more coherent reflections on the apocalypse . The stroylines , scenes , even characters are lifted directly from other apoacalyptic movies . Even the use of unknown actors has been done previously to achieve the illusion of ordinariness/reality . Presumably , when you do n't see celebrities you think `` gee , this could be me and this could really happen ! '' `` 28 Days Later '' is another example of patent forgery , or should I say `` homage , '' to hit the screens and lift our hard-earned money . The marketing strategy warrants praise for boldly inflating the movie into a phenomenon , transforming a sampled set of imagery into `` the scariest movie since the Exorcist . '' The storyline , pitting survivors against the `` infected '' as well as against one another , is the basis of virtually every zombie movie out there , beginning with `` Night of the Living Dead . '' In fact , if it was n't for George Romero 's Dead series , this and other movie of its ilk would never have been imagined . Even the exploration of sociopolitical issues , such as the global economy , medical ethics , and race relations have been plumbed in other movies repeatedly and more effectively . That goes for the attempts at humor as well . None of the scenes , characters , plot points , or themes in `` 28 Days '' have any original essence . In fact , the filmmakers hardly tried to veil their rehashed version of others ' works . Their use of digital film is about the only new twist in an old drink . It does n't help.The DVD has `` alternate endings '' further validating the sampled -LRB- aka plagiarized -RRB- origins of this movie . The hero is killed ala `` Omega Man . '' The hero survives to lead a bittersweet existence ala `` Planet of the Apes . '' But we could place our own endings in also
 I just rented this movie because I remembered reviews saying that it was really scary and I LOVE scary movies . Let me tell you , there is NOTHING scary about this movie . I think there was one part when I jumped but that was simply from shock not because I was scared . Everything about this movie was predictable and silly . I knew who would die before they did , I pretty much knew the ending before it came . When it was over , i said to myself `` I want the last hour and half of my life back . '' It was pretty bad . So bad that I had to come down here and see how others were rating it . I was shocked to see the number of good reviews . Perplexing !!! Well , to each their own , but I would have to caution anyone who is thinking of getting this vid . It will be time poorly spent . Just my .02 .
 28 days later is without a doubt the worst movie ever made , evenin britain or america . it is a libelious rip of the `` night of the living dead , dawn of the dead , and day of the dead '' trilogy that i am surprised george romero did n't sue for copyright infringement . but then again `` 28 days later '' was such an awful film beyond anyone 's comprehension that he did n't have to sue . no this film pretty much speaks for it 's awful . horrible scripting , horrible acting , slowpacing self.Its no wonder why most of the people who give this filmthumbs up are British . British people definitely arehard to figure out . Usually they have good taste butI cant fathom why would they praise garbage like thisespecially when it 's as unoriginal as a Friday the 13th sequel.Yet some of these film critics praise `` The Football Factory `` a violent look inside Football in the UK through a bunchof dsyfunctional fans.The film 's plot is that virus -LRB- yes like night of the living dead and romero 's flick `` the crazies '' -RRB- has infected many area of the uk . jim -LRB- cillian murphy -RRB- is apparently the only dumb smuck not infected along with a girl named selena -LRB- naomi harris -RRB- . well from here on out these two dimwits and their friend mark now fight of zombies i mean rage people with bats and a machete . lolIn order for the idiotic danny boyle to not appear as he is copying romero -LRB- which he does anyway -RRB- , he invents a new plot in middle . see the virus infects people and takes over within 30 seconds , whereas romero 's zombies start reacting after an hour or so of being dead.We get some shots of london and manchester but those shots didnt matter as the film is a mess . not even an entertaining mess , its just plain doggy doo.There is another rip of `` dawn of the dawn '' when jim , selena and their new friends frank and hannah , scourged and plunger an abandonded supermarket to their hearts contents . this is reminiscent of the abandonded shopping plaza where the `` survivors '' exploit the plaza while the zombies on the outside are trying to get in . what a rip . another scenes that rips of romero is where boyle for shock value has a young boy who has the disease attack jim . the scene ends with jim getting a baseball bat and killing the boy . this wasa bit of copy of the dead films like the first one where we see the first zombie girl in a zombie movie -LRB- the girl kills her mothers , then girl is killed herself -RRB- . Well the copying of Romero does n't end there because Jim and others find a military complex which is really an abandonded plaza where Major West -LRB- Christopher Eccleston -RRB- , an arrogant military commander attacks the rage people.Well the rip here is that West like Dr. Logan -LRB- from Day -RRB- has a zombie , I mean rage person on a leach trying to the dead thing new tricks . LOL My god as you can very well see `` 28 Days Later '' is a such rip of the great Romero it ai n't funny . However , it 's such a poor ripoff of the work of Romero that the movie fails at every level.There is hardly any suspense , until the last 10 minutes , the characters are horrible including Jim who by God is one of the ugliest actors I 've seen . The ending is cheesy and dumb.Mr . Cillian Murphy and others do such a poor job of acting that it 's hard to fathom that this guy will play a big lead in the next Batman movie -LRB- `` Batman Begins '' -RRB- . Do n't fall for the lies of the critics that say 28 Days Later is a good movie , it 's not , it 's horrible.I went to see this horrible ripoff with low expectations and I came away still in awe that such a bad movie could be made.There is no more to say or add to this review of `` 28 Days Later '' than to say it 's horrible , horribly done by a European director , and poses a black eye to any future horror directors from the UK.At least George Romero can still rest comfortably that his great work of the `` Dead '' trilogy will not be eclipsed by any wannabee horror directors anytime soon.I didnt mind the copying so much if the movie had a greatpayoff sadly it never does some people may bash this opinionbut it doesnt change the fact that its an awful film unworthyor your energy .
 *** POSSIBLE SPOILERS AHEAD *** I remember when 28 DAYS LATER was in theaters . After about a month or so , the television ads were up to a full minute to a minute and a half long . They were packed with sterling reviews , thrilling speedy zombie cut scenes , and the promise of three possible endings ! A few friends of mine went to see the movie five times so that they could see all three . They were n't the only ones , either . A ton of my friends were quick to say things like , `` You , of all people , will love this movie ! '' Hype hype hype . If there is one thing I ca n't stand is every one and their grandmother telling me I have to see one particular movie . Given , hyped movies are either as good as or ruined by the hype and that ratio is hovering around 50 % . However , this movie falls into the latter . It was n't the worst movie ever -LRB- close , but at least it had a budget -RRB- , though right from the start I had issues . Now , I 'm down with the idea that some hippie , animal liberation bozos would end up destroying society , but the whole first scene was laughably bad . I will admit , the movie did started becoming promising , but only to rot away and FAST ! I personally do n't see how this movie is any different than DAWN OF THE DEAD other than the fact that DAWN was a criticism on consumerism and 28 DAYS was a commentary on ... sex ? ... I think . `` Soldiers are horny '' seems to be this movie 's overall message , or at least `` the apocalypse will make men do morally ambiguous things to satisfy their libido . '' Thanks . I think all of us zombie fanatics could have figured that one out on our own . In the end , this is just the arrogant sods that brought us that sterling example of cinema THE BEACH -LRB- and the director who , in my opinion , butchered Irvine Welch 's novel TRAINSPOTTING -RRB- exposing a trite taboo . I 've seen some trashy zombie films in my day , but at least none of them took themselves so horrendously serious.I 've been reading the glowing reviews of this movie , and I 'm a bit perplexed by some of them . I 've read that it plainly deals with the hopelessness of the situation ... as if DAWN or even RETURN OF THE LIVING DEAD did n't . There 's nothing particularly special about this movie.Talking about RETURN OF THE LIVING DEAD , I think it 's total bull to declare 28 DAYS as the introduction of the `` Fast Zombie . '' There were plenty of zombies running around in RETURN and ROTLD PART 2 . How about the scene when all the zombies bum rush the cops ? There are two separate scenes of zombies bum rushing cops in ROTLD , and another one when they take out the paramedics ! So what , we should give credit to 28 DAYS because some of the zombies were superhumanly fast ? We should give it full marks for making them faster ? Please.Also , I 've read that the movie 's landmark because it does n't rely on violence . Instead it relies on changing a tire really really quickly so the stampeding herd of zombies do n't infect you . Come on ! This is supposed to be tension ? It was like watching NASCAR ! I did n't hate this movie because it lacked gunfire or bombs . I hated this movie because it was a boring , watered down rip-off with the moral rudder of a prudish eighth grade girl . Besides lacking action , it also lacked any semblance of suspense , drama , or intrigue . Oh , and how about calling the disease `` Rage ? '' How hokey can you possibly get?I will say that the sequel looks interesting , not that I 'm going to pay theater prices to see it , but I will definitely give it a try on DVD . As for the predecessor , I 'll just leave it for the monkeys .
 I must say , this has to be one of the worst films I have ever seen and I absolutely love movies , especially horror films . I found it to be very slow with an all-too-familiar plot . Unless you have a couple of hours to kill and are deperate , do n't bother with this movie .
 Supreme waste of my time . Was this supposed to be original ?
 28 minutes ago
 I have only five words for this movie , DUMBEST ZOMBIE MOVIE EVER MADE !!!! ` Nuff said .
 This was a horrible zombie movie , and I love zombie movies . The remake of Dawn of the Dead is much better
 Dare I say it ? Bordello of Blood was a better movie than this . The director has some talent for camera angles and scenery , but it stops there . Even a supporting actor from Braveheart ca n't save this steaming pile . The virus is never explained . You only see a snippet of its origins , then the rest is supposed to be 28 days later , after the virus wipes out most of the population . What 's not explained is how a person can instantly be turned into a zombie that vomits blood and has red eyes . Nor does it explain what exactly the infected do to their victims . You never see the zombies eat anyone , only attacking and vomiting . So I ask you , what 's the whole purpose of this movie ? The plot is thinner than a dime . Then there 's the European angle on the movie . The musical choices are odd . In the end it 's a B movie hyped up to be the scariest movie you 've ever seen . It 's not scary at all . The virus concept just has no depth or explanation , therefore it 's just plain mindless . It 's sad these actors wasted their talents on this movie . Maybe this passes for horror in Europe , but here in the US it 's subpar .
 Probably the worst this genre has to offer . Hard to believe the critical raves for this when you look at what was to follow
 28 Days later was a terrible disappointment to me . I had heard about how wonderful this movie was from a bunch of my friends that are into horror movies , so I gave this a whirl and was ready to flush it down the toilet . The movie is about some monkeys that had a disease that turned people into blood raging freaks that crave human flesh . Though they are never really identified as zombies , they are close enough.So this guy wakes up 28 days after the initial outbreak of the disease to find that almost all of England has been abandoned . So he tries to figure out what happened while attempting to survive and you follow him along on his journey as he meets different people and interacts with humans that are and are not infected . There are a few different endings to view , but in the end , the movie just did n't do it for me.I can see where people loved this movie , it was n't such an all out horror movie and there were a few interesting twists to the plot , but overall , it came down to the fact that I eventually was waiting for everyone to die or escape so I could go do something else .
 I watched this movie purely because of the hype . If I had seen as much as a preview , I expect that would have been enough to make me lose interest , but I rented it blindly , and hoped for the best.I think this is probably the most overrated film I have ever seen . It gets off to a pretty bad start in terms of plausability , expecting us to just accept that one lone man was left unscathed in a hospital while everyone around him was attacked and infected . I do n't understand how it did n't occur to the writers that this is something that requires an explanation . It 's also pretty boring . So many scenes are so unneccessarily long and drawn out when nothing is happening . The five minute musical montage of the guy walking through the deserted city . Ok , we get it , the city is deserted , move on , something happen . Even the twenty seconds showing the stuff stuck on the fridge at his home was infuriating . Show it for two seconds , move on , something happen . I 'm sure some people would say those excessively drawn out scenes were important in setting a mood , but a lot of the early part of the film just left me bored and annoyed , wishing something would happen.Although it was seemingly promoted as a `` zombie '' movie , nothing interesting happened with the zombies , and fighting the zombies was a minor background plot , with the focus being placed more on human drama . So you 've got the boring underdeveloped zombie plot , and the boring underdeveloped human drama plot , both fighting for their right to bore you . Other than a couple of violent scenes , which really are n't as bad as some people seem to want to make them out to be , the film starts to take on an almost wholesome family viewing tone.The obligatory romantic entanglement is introduced , and handled rather badly , falling into the trite hollywood conventions this movie is supposedly distanced from . The cringeworthy culmination of this being when the girl is all oh you killed my captor now let me make out with you.The film is kind of separated into two parts , the second being after they enter the army base . The second part is n't as badly done as the first . It 's just an ugly feel-bad thing , with the army guys proving to be more sinister badguys than the zombies . I do n't find any major fault with the way that part of movie was executed , it was done well even , I guess , but it was n't something I enjoyed watching or would have wanted to had I known what to expect . The editing does become a bit garbled towards the end though . There were a few parts when I was like who 's this guy , who just shot at that guy , is n't that the other guy from before , why is he over there . It seemed like they did a really rushed editing job , and just took out random chunks of movie , leaving a fragmented narrative , where you have to fill in the dots way too much . I do n't know what they were going for , because it is difficult to follow , and there 's no reason it needed to be . And that 's all I have to say about this travesty of a film . I hate it . It 's not good .
 ever since i caught the accent on these peoples voices i knew it would not be the best movie , but i still gave it a try . A guy wakes up from a coma , walks around london and sees that its hell on earth ... in other words there are zombie like bodies walking around taking bites of other humans ... sounds like another dawn of the dead , night of the living dead , zombie , house of 1000 corpses , and Scooby doo on zombie island . boring2/5
 First of I would like to say that I had some high hopes for this movie . The idea of the film still seems good to me , but has been done so much better by Romero . What we get here is 2 hours of complete boredom . Not once during this movie was I `` scared as hell '' like the cover said I should be . The only reason I kept watching this -LSB- ... -RSB- was that I had some hope of the movie redeeming itself . It never did . NEVER SEE THIS MOVIE . EVER !!!!! EDIT
 this is the most god awful movie I have ever seen in my entire life . Boring as all get out . Nothing interesting . Dawn of the dead without the humor . its HORRIBLE.I was looking forward to this movie and I am so sorry to have to say it was probably the worst film I 've ever seen in my life .
 A not very scary or thought provoking movie . The movie is bereft of people and zombies ! The zombies live indoors and only come out at night . This is because they were infected by a virus . Stupid . That whole Dracula thing is best left in a Vampire movie anyhow . How the first two survivors survived -LRB- or any of them for that matter -RRB- is beyond a mystery . The first encounter with a zombie kills one of them off in half a second and this guy was supposed to be a survivor ? The Nazi like camp they encounter iswhere everyone gets their highbrow ideas about this movie . It did n't bring me to any revelations . I already know people suck without a movie sucking to tell me bout it . How about some makeup for those dracu-ombies ? The living people looked as much like zombies as the others . Please just rent the classic or even the remake of Night of the Living Dead . Otherwise its a horror suspense movie for poeple who do n't usually like that sort of thing .
 Before you go see the sequel better hope they improved upon this films ' special effects . Writing Characters that behave credibly would have been good too . !!! I 'll leave it up to you
 This is an absolutely pathetic movie that is neither scary or interesting . The characters are boring and they leave you at the end of the movie hoping they get killed . It is such a low-budget movie that its no wonder it only lasted in the movie theaters for a few weeks . That should tell you all you need to know about it . The actions of the main characters in the movie make no sense at all . I 'm upset that I even wasted the $ 4.00 to rent this piece of crap .
 I felt like the movie kept me entertained in the beginning , when it was all about the zombie-things and all . But there was that totally unnecessary shot of the main actor 's nether regions . What was up with that ? Anyway , I was mildly entertained through the whole beginning , but then all the sudden , the zombies were n't important anymore . What was important was that the two girls escaped being raped by the army guys . YEAH , RIGHT . We entirely shifted focus , and I found it terribly stupid . And the ending was the stupidest thing I 've ever seen . It was a terrible disappointment when I had been wanting to see it for so long .
 As an avid movie critic , I found this movie to be dull and the least bit original . To begin with this must have been written years before the world became technological . Also if you want a good scary movie do n't purchase this , it is n't at all . It has not ultimate climax , if anything the introduction is the highlight of the movie and from that point it begins to go downhill . The `` zombies '' or `` infected '' look so fake and were so poorly developed that they ended up looking like psychotic nutcases . I was attracted to this movie because it is british , and british film makers have a unique way of capturing their audience . This movie failed to do anything to me at all except make me feel like i should n't rented Buffy the Vampire Slayer which would have given me more thrills.If you want a movie with no climax and a bunch of talk then buy this , if you want a good movie , i would suggest looking around some more .
 Starts out great then about 1/3rd of the way through the characters start to make such stupid , unrealistic decisions that I almost turned it off . Ultimately , it was n't worth watching .
 My expectation was big and what a disappointment . This movie is kind of mix between `` Day of the Triffids '' and `` Dawn of the dead '' . In my opinion , they simply copy both films to make this one so for someone like Danny Boyle , the director , I will consider his work as a real disappointment , possibly a mistake . Why to make such a movie when you know that you wo n't make better anyway ? Romero made a masterpiece with Zombies longtime ago and nobody never challenged his work so far .28 days later is first of all , not scary at all !!! Quickly , it becomes not very interesting and easy to imagine what will happen next . 2 stars for the scenes of the EMPTY LONDON , a real exploit in my opinion but what is the point ? This film does n't deserve your time .
 This movie has a very interesting premise
 The movie itself is quite enjoyable ; I already have seen it a couple of times before , but did not mind watching it again at all in BD -LRB- which is the only reason that convinced me to give it 2 stars instead of one -RRB- . But , DO NOT watch it in BD ! The regular DVD quality is much much better . Recently I 've been watching new BD movies or even movies that I have already seen before in BD because I really enjoy the high resolution & high definition quality . This movie however is NOT IN HD QUALITY . This honestly without exaggeration is the worst Bluray quality I have ever watched so far.I ca n't believe how they would exploit people like this by just producing Bluray disc without improving the definition -LRB- which I thought was the point of BD -RRB- so that people would once again buy the title , expecting a much better quality of this amazing film .
 I truly wanted this movie to be good , I really really did . There have been so few good scary movies in the past 10 + years -LRB- and please do n't say Blair Witch or Scream - those do n't equal scary -RRB- . I had the feeling this movie was named `` 28 days later '' because that 's how long it felt to watch it!But , alas , it 's not scary in the least , and in fact , it simply is n't even good . It 's yet another movie which concentrates on cheap noise or things jumping out at you with loud crashes and screams to voice its `` scares . `` As for original , umm no . It steals many concepts and just changes them a touch . Such as the `` zombies '' . Clearly they are `` zombies '' , but they are n't called that ... rather just people infected with the `` rage '' running around killing everything in sight . But come on ! A good portion of the plot is taken straight from `` Night of the living dead '' and other parts are taken straight from other zombie movies.And man , I 'm so sick of movies where you notice the director more than the show . * wink wink * any one every think the reason behind that is because if the director did n't scream `` HEY LOOK AT ME '' every shot than people would see how flawed the movie is ? Ohhh look how artsy my camera work is ... ummm sorry Mr Director but all I was noticing was poor character development , boring dialogue , and very predictable `` scare-speech-run-scare-speech-run '' pattern mixed around supposedly clever camera tricks ... bah humbug.I believe this will be yet another movie where the `` hype '' will eventually die out and people will see it for just how bad it is . Blair Witch and The Ring are two other movies which are tarnished , or are starting to tarnish now that time is past ... 28 days will soon follow .
 First off this film was NOT A ZOMBIE FILM . It was a film about an infection that made the carrier turn into a homicidal bezerker . They did not eat their victims they just tried to infect them by bleeding on them . Nothing zombie about that . The film was passable for what it was , a cutesy little horror film . I will forever be haunted by that idiot main caracter walking through the deserted streets yelling hello . I watched this saying to myself please kill him . I have never wanted the main character of a film to be killed faster than this guy . I just did n't like this poor attampt at horror movie making . P.S. 28 weeks later was even lamer than this film .
 Lets just start the review here.These monkeys in a research lab are being tested and some animal activists break in . The researcher warns them but they let the monkeys out anyway . Then the movie starts with a guy naked . Kinda weird , but alright . Anyways , the creepiness starts when noone is around except him . We know why , he does n't . Anyways , once Jim meets the other 2 survivors , they go to this house . The house lets Jim remember things , and then BOOYAKA the jump point comes . Yea , you probably will jump because the sound kicks up alot when this zombie comes ! Thats it . The movie had a great thing going . I was getting ready to jump whenever I saw bodies and such , but never . The movie could of had you jumping at every turn , but it does n't . The characters are nice , but again ... This movie is n't scary at all . I jumped once at the beggining . We basically see these few people travel far to a military compound where these soldiers are apparently saying . Of course , the main character kicks some ... -LRB- against 1 zombie in the whole film and like 10 guys -RRB- , but its almost as if the director forgot about the zombies , because they become useless . I am going to be honest ... You will probably completely forget about the zombies and such about 30 minutes into this 1 hour 40 minute film , and you should . Theres like 1 or 2 zombies after that . Honestly , it turns into an action movie . Mostly because Jim kills these guys , and does n't care about the zombies as you will see -LRB- neither will you -RRB- . There is no vicious killer , and the movie is n't scary . I hate to say it , but the alternate endings are worthless . I watched 2 of them -LRB- there are like 3 -RRB- and I was done . They are retarted . Then there is the actual ending . The movie basically starts creepy , then for about 45 minutes -LRB- im not exaggerating -RRB- you will witness no zombies -LRB- except a little mob of them but you know they are coming a mile away -RRB- but they wo n't matter . Honestly , the movie has you kinda creeped for 15 minutes , then it 's 45 minutes of no action except shopping in a supermarket and replacing a tire ... . Not scary , and if this movie won so many awards in another country , I do n't know what kind of movies they are watching over there .
 i will admit the zombies were pretty good but the storyline was just horrible i was about to leave the cinema before it ended take my word for it waste of valuable Time !!!!!
 28 Days , a good attempt at a plot thats been done a million times . The movie begins to lag when the main character spends 20 minutes of the movie , -LRB- not literally -RRB- walking around the streets of London screaming `` Hello ! '' Its a decent movie if you are into zombie movies , but it 's not DVD worthy . I would n't pay to own it .
 Im not sure what happend in the blu ray transfer of this movie , but the picture is absolutely horrible . Dont buy this edition .
 This was the most awful picture quality I have ever seen on a blu ray OR even on most DVDs . I have n't been able to tell online whether it is because of the poor quality of the cameras that were originally used , or if it was because of a wretchedly poor transfer onto blu ray . I tend to believe it 's the former . If so , that 's unfortunate . If it 's because of the transfer , that 's downright inexcusable . In any event , this is not worth buying on blu ray . Skip it .
 Spending money for the Bluray version is very foolish . However much you like the movie , and I did like it , the Bluray is awful . Grainy , soft , loaded with halo artifacts from the transfer 's effort to increase sharpness , and it 's a disaster from start to finish . Buy the DVD if you must own it , but go cheap .
 Do n't waste your time buying/renting/watching this movie.This is NOT a zombie movie as they have advertised.You see more human than zombies in this movie.And the main leading male character just plain stupid . Being a total wimpy coward and trouble maker in most part of the movie and all of a sudden at the end of the movie able to defeat a whole squad of British army and saved everybody.If you want to watch a good zombie movie , go watch Dawn of the Dead . Even the poorly made Resident Evil is much better than this one . Avoid at all cost !
 First of all , I have to say that the movie itself gets 5 stars.This review is of the actual Blu-ray version of 28 Days Later.This was probably the worst up-conversion I have ever seen . The movie somehow seemed blurrier than the DVD version -LRB- which I also own -RRB- . I thought that High Definition meant that the video clarity was supposed to improve . Maybe I was wrong . However , I will concede that at the very end of the film -LRB- when the characters are outdoors on the countryside -RRB- it does appear to be 1080p High Definition for that one section of the movie . Maybe the creators wanted to keep a gritty feel throughout the first 98 % of the movie to express the negativity of the infection , but as a fan of High Definition , I was supremely disappointed to see such a blurry , pixelated mess.Another negative thing about this was that I was able to see more things on screen -LRB- even though they were blurry -RRB- and I saw an irritating blooper early on in the film that I had never noticed on the DVD version . When Jim is wandering around the city `` alone '' there is a wide shot in which I could see a vehicle traveling in the background . It really ruined the tone of the film at that point because as a viewer I was supposed to feel the intense isolation that Jim was experiencing and instead I felt annoyed.Please remember that I absolutely LOVE this movie , but buying the Blu-ray was a waste of money . If you already own the DVD , DO NOT BUY THE BLU-RAY .
 As has been pointed out by some others this is NOT a BluRay disc that even comes close to anything approaching HD quality.On my 55 '' HD it looked like an SD TV broadcast ; This is an excellent movie but I would n't have wasted my money on this low quality BD if I had known how disappointing the image quality was going to be .
 When I first heard about 28 Days Later , it was made out to be a zombie flick . IT IS NOT A ZOMBIE MOVIE !!! The so-called zombies are people infected with a virus known as RAGE ... The `` Zombies '' run around screaming like idiots , kill their victims and run away screaming again ... Most zombies eat their victims after killing them , they do n't run away screaming ! If you are looking for a zombie movie , this is the wrong place to start ! A friend of mine seen that I was going to buy the movie and said do n't do it and I wish that I listened to him !
 I saw previews for this and thought it looked awesome . I was badly mistaken . It is slow , boring , and unscary . Less than halfway through it I was ready to leave . I kept expecting something scary to happen but it never did . Horrible film ! Do n't waste your time . I would n't have given it any stars if that was a choice .
 I really wanted to like this movie , it had a good concept , -LRB- albeit stolen from ` The Stand ' -RRB- . The thing that threw me off the most aside from the horribly put together script , was the fact that the ` infected ' never once attacked each other . They were practically lobotomy victims , how did theyknow that they wanted to infect others?TOTAL CRAP !!!
 ... I 've never watched a movie and actually felt that it was soooooo bad that I wasted an hour and 45 minutes until this one ! I sat there waiting for a movie to break out , but it never did . This has to be THE worst movie I 've ever seen . It is SO bad that to tell you not to see it would be a mistake . You 've GOT TO SEE THIS MOVIE to appeciate how bad it is . But , watch it on cable or watch someone else 's copy ... do n't waste your money on it . ... P.S. I recently picked this up for $ 4.00 because it was packaged with another movie I was already going to buy . It 's still a rip off , but now I can show people how bad this movie was -LRB- yes , it was that bad -RRB- .
 This movie is NOT 1080p . When you watch it , you 'll notice in the first minute that this is a re-mastered SD version . Total waste of money for those that actually care . I loved 28 Days Later when I first saw it in SD some years ago . Amazing movie . I was so excited to see this in beautiful HD on my 46 '' Samsung LED ... only to be angrily disappointed by the video quality . This is a hoax -- do not buy it .
 Great movie , terrible transfer to blu-ray . I bought this when it originally came out on dvd and loved it . Picked it up when it was released on BR hoping to have a brand new experience but I was wrong . I 've seen better quality video on VCR recordings left over from the early nineties . It 's absolutely disgusting that the blu-ray community keeps paying high dollar for trash transfers like this . DO NOT BUY ON BLU-RAY !!
 Man , I 'm having a rough streak lately ! Another bomb . You would think that the director of `` Trainspotting '' would put out another original piece of work . You 'd be wrong in this case . And then the box has the nerve to say this is the scariest film since the Exorcist ? Please - it was neither scary or even comparable to that true classic . Last movie made that claim was `` The Ring '' , and that box lied , too . That 's it , no more buying movies with the word `` Exorcist '' on it . I should know better . Boring , overlong zombie film .
 This movie was not good at all , it sucked big time nobody get this i hate it .
 I love horror and sci fi pictures and , going by the adds and hype , made the mistake of buying this on DVD before actually seeing it . I strongly recommend you rent this movie before wasting $ 20.00 on it . This is my opinion and judging from some of these other reviews , I either saw a completely different movie or I am too critical -LRB- which I doubt since I usually like crappy movies most others do n't -RRB- . The only thing I enjoyed about this horribly filmed and acted movie was when the damn thing ended . I can not tell anyone what to think nor do I imagine my opinion matters . I just strongly advise anyone to borrow or rent it before spending good money on it ! In parting here is a thought , I own over 1000 + DVDs that I have bought over the last 5 years.I feel so strongly about how terrible this movie was that this is the only movie I ever felt I needed to write something about and , the only movie I have EVER gotten rid of immediately after seeing it , HONESTLY !
 28 Days Later was one I skipped in theaters because I wo n't see any more videos badly blown up onto 35mm because some director 's convinced himself it looks better than film while the studio saves a few bucks on processing . I 'm glad I did , because judging from how bad it looks on DVD it must have been nigh on unwatchable on the big screen . Close-ups are fine , but anything more than a two shot and the lack of depth and detail -LRB- not to mention the problems with any straight lines that are anything other than perfectly vertical or horizontal -RRB- is a major irritation . The major casualty is any sense of scale - with the long shots looking so horribly flat and lifeless , most of the film is played in medium shots , which means in effect you 're watching a TV show with worse picture quality than you 'd get on a game show . Rather than the sense of immediacy the makers claim , you 're just left at a distance from much of the film because you 're too busy squinting to try to work out the background detail.The film itself is utterly predictable in every way - you know who 'll die , what the plot twists will be and exactly where and when they 'll happen - but aside from the substandard visual quality and the fact that it 's basically ` No Blade of Grass ' with zombies , it 's actually pretty good until the finale , when Cillian Murphy goes all Rambo on squaddies and ` infected ' alike . Despite the horrible miscasting of David Schneider in the opening scene , the performances are very good , especially the erratic Brendan Gleeson as a London cabbie , which helps raise the bar . It 's just a shame that the videography has such a deadening effect on the film.If you want to see a really good British horror movie , however , track down Neil Marshal 's The Descent instead .
 I ca n't believe people are actually giving this Movie 5 stars ? I guess it 's one of those Love it or hate it things . I liked the Storyline but after that ... mostly boring . It was just interesting enough to get me through the whole thing . If you want a really entertaining Spookie movie get House of a 1000 Corpses .
 I ca n't believe the hype surrounding this flick . What starts out a great update of the ` zombie ' idea with some end of the world flavor one eighties into something about as terrrifying and engaging as the undead dance sequence from THRILLER . It 's dissapointing really , the film has an darkened look and feel that would 've been great given a better script . A great modern day , realistic survival/zombie film has yet to be made , because this is not it . Unsympathetic characters are half of the blame and we 've seen them before in dozens of genere films . I hate watching a movie where the players act in a fashion that no human being would behave . The old cliche where the lone person goes into the dark , creepy room just to look around has been over-overdone . I understand a film such as this is already stretching the bounds of reality , however ca n't one be made that 's somewhat realistic ? There a plot points-a-plenty that go unexplained , as well as twists that just did n't work , making for a strangely unexpected second half . On par with RESIDENT EVIL -LRB- the movie , not the video game , which is a far better apocalyptic zombie experience than this -RRB- , which is n't that good itself . I might have been expecting too much here , but the end result could have been so much more than horror retreads filmed with flair .
 Warning - Movie spoilers below.I really wanted to like this film but it defies common sense.First there is the rehashed storyline of animal rights activist releasing infected primates from a laboratory.However , the defies common sense begins when Jim , a bicycle courier , wakes up after being hit by a car . Jim understandably YELLS for a nurse and when no one shows , pulls out his IV , gets dressed and walks outside his room looking for help . He sees evidence of violence everywhere and no people and without ascertaining whether the perpetrators were still around and whether the hospital staff have good reason to hide , Jimbo yells HELLO up and down the corridors while viewers cringe . Why is Jim smart enough to gather/stock up the sodas/food from a broken hospital vending machine but this same prudence did n't compel him to be stealthy until he could figure out who/what caused all the violence ? And why , when he is recovering from a coma/painful head injury and bleeding from a pulled out IV , did n't he yell HELP instead of HELLO ? And why , when he looks outside and sees a dead body next to an ambulance and someone walking in the background , did n't he yell HELLO to that moving someone if he felt safe to yell it everywhere else ? Instead , Jimbo walks out into the streets sees overturned buses , more obvious violence and front line newspapers screaming danger and proceeds to YELL HELLO again . No prudent person would do this . Jim then wonders into a church , see lots of dead bodies and several people moving about suspiciously and while the prudent person might wait quietly to see who are the good guys versus the bad , this idiot yells HELLO at the top of lungs again . He did n't yell hello when he sees one dead person by an ambulance with a single person walking by but feels its just fine to yell HELLO in a church full of dead bodies with several moving people ? Not un-expectantly he attracts Ragers and is saved by Mark and Serene who up to this point survived quite well without Dumbo around but they decide to save him and he rewards them by YELLING over and over again as they are running `` What is going on '' giving away their position . Once in their hideaway , Jim bangs and yells on their window possibly giving their position and crying he wants his mommy and daddy-like they do n't care about their families.At this point , one wonders if both the Rage and Dumbo 's stupidity is n't contagious because Selena and Mark stupidly placate Dumbo and risk their lives taking him home only to discover his parents committed suicide . Now prudence would again dictate that everyone sleep in the same room but this Dumbo suggests sleeping in separate rooms and is overruled by Selena . Then this idiot defies logic again and proceeds to watch home movies of his parents with the TV on loud and flickering though the windows . Dumbo also carries a flickering candle . If there is electricity to run home videos , why was he using candles ? Predictably the Ragers are attracted to the noise/light , break in and Mark and Selena wake up and save Dumbo 's life again while he cowers . Mark is bitten and is killed by Selena while Jim stupidly/cowardly watches . Selena is now stuck with a weak ninny of a partner instead of Mark . She even has to tell Dumbo to get his clothes and get ready to leave as more infected will come thanks to him.Selena and Dumbo see apartment building lights and head there . Dumbo lost his bag of food and carries only a bat while Selena carries both a weapon and a food/medicine backpack . As they climb the apartment stairs , they hear the infected and Selena hauls butt but Dumbo repeatedly YELLS WAIT UP pinpointing to the infected exactly where they are . Dumbo and Selena are saved by an apartment survivor named Frank but to their discredit leave him alone to fight off the monsters they led to him . Frank survives and he and Hannah , his child , give them shelter in their apartment . Frank took the calculated risk that even though his Christmas lights would attract the infected , they might also attract people to help him escape the building with his daughter as they could not do it alone . Bad luck for Frank 's small family to hook up with Dumbo.Wise Hannah and proven survivors Selena and Frank have to persuade wimpy fearful Dumbo to leave the apartment and go to an advertised military location . They escape in a taxi which Frank drives like a tank until they have flat tire . With Frank and Jim lifting the taxi , Hannah and Selena change the tire and they barely escape the ragers.At this point , again one wonders if Jim 's stupidity is n't contagious because survive by their wits up to this point Hannah , Frank and Selena behave stupidly . After barely escaping , they stop at a large glass fronted grocery store where they do not post a look out but instead joyously run wildly up and down the aisles making lots of noise in full view of the street and luck is with them - no infected . Later , they stop at a parked gas tanker and this time Selena smartly acts as a lookout while Frank siphons gas and Hannah is told to stay safely inside the taxi . Predictably Dumbo leaves the group to wonder around alone jokingly looking for a `` cheeseburger '' after Marlene tells him to stick together . Dumbo walks into the gas station , sees a dead body with evidence of violence all around proceeds to do what he does best YELL HELLO ! This time he is attacked.Later , they all sleep outside in the open , defying common sense , and build a nice fire to attract lots of monsters but luckily none show up . Even more stupidly , Dumbo wakes up Selena to ask how she is sleeping when he and Hannah can not . Defying life and death common sense , the normally smart Selena gives Dumbo Valium and Dumbo persuades the normally smart Frank to let him give young Hannah Valium also . Dumbo laughingly says they wo n't care if they get attacked now . Monsters are crawling all over and they take Valium ? Worse , Frank stays up all night keeping watch and Dumbo and Selena do n't offer to spot him . Next day Frank is cranky from lack of sleep and gets angry when there is no one at the military area . Frank goes off by himself , gets annoyed by a crow and kicks a wall causing a drop of blood to fall into his eye from a hanging body infecting him . Selena does n't have her weapon and yells at Dumbo to kill Frank with his bat and the idiot hesitates so soldiers kill Frank.The contrived `` romance '' between Selena/Jim insulted viewer intelligence . Their kiss was reminiscent of the kiss between Marie Presley/Michael Jackson.The soldiers take them to their compound where the major actually cups Dumbo 's head in his hand like a child treating him exactly like the moron he is . And , one realizes if Hannah and Selena had n't been with Jim , this major would put Jim -LRB- with his large expressive eyes/hairless body/delicate frame -RRB- into a pink striped kitchen smock and forced him into the existing `` role '' the cook there was already performing.It defies viewer 's logic to believe this ineffective wimpy Dumbo escapes the soldiers -LRB- and later miraculously his large black plastic or metal handcuffs -RRB- and saves the girls from being sex slaves . They escape ; settle in a not so safe place as cameras pan in on roaming monsters and then pan in on child Hannah working outside all alone . Viewers cringe again as no reasonable adult would allow this.Naturally , they make a huge sign to signal a plane and the sign does n't say SOS or HELP but says HELLO ! Defies common sense.NOTE
 Blu-Ray Quality is Horrible . Skip it skip it skip it . There 's no excuse for this anymore , maybe if it was a hand held camera like Cloverfield it 'd be fine .
 dont see this movie ! its a pile of rubbish!when i saw the trailer for 28 days later i thought how awesome it looked ! i loved the look of the poster with the eyes ! but when i watched it ... what a disappointment ! im 14 and i wasnt scared once . it didnt shock me . it didnt make me think ` omg civilization culd crumble ' . i adored the scenes of him wandering around dead london , but when he found all those bodies in the church i was tempted to just turn off the tv ... i could tell it was goning to get worse . and i was right ! it just falls apart . i mean , what are the chances of someone getting a drop of blood in their eye ? _ dont see it . please . its just a waste of time !!!
 I do n't know why but this movie does not look good on Blu-Ray at all . Could be my player -LRB- PS3 -RRB- but it looks like it was upcoded badly . Would not recommend . I have six other Blu-Ray that look perfect . Do n't know what happened to this one .
 When I left after seeing this movie I have to say I was honestly not impressed at all . I thought it was boring and just plain weird . I left the theater thinking `` what the hell was that '' . I thought the plot was just stupid and there were certain scenes that were simply unnecessary . Some scenes look as if they were just thrown in there to add time to the movie so the movie was n't only 30 minutes . The opening is probably the most boring since there is about 15 minutes of nothing except a man walking around an empty city . I understand that was used to show that everyone died but for goodness sakes did it have to seem like it went on for days ? I got the point after about 2 minutes of it . I did not like it and do not recommend it to people usless they really really like the zombi coming back to life and killing humans so they can live thing . I think this is a movie you either love or hate , there is no in between and for me it is all hate .
 It 's not even about zombies . It 's more about crazy people . I was really looking forward in seeing this movie ... what a big let down ! The best part of this movie should of been what happened in those 28 days . I recommend not even wasting your time and money on this one !
 Before I get into this review i want everyone to know that I never hate movies for no apparent reason . The problem with this movie is that it was overhyped as the `` Scariest movie since The Exorcist ! `` WOW !! There is No way anyone can ever compare this movie to The exorcist . Anyway I went to see this movie with a neutral state of Mind . I was n't expecting the best movie ever and I was n't expecting the worst.So the movie begins and for the first 5 - 10 minutes the movie is off to a good start . -LRB- Except for the music being played while he walks down the empty streets -RRB- and also , -LCB- all the camera shots are done on a tripod it gets really annoying and believe this , it is n't original or innovative !!! So everthing is going pretty well until ... he meets the fellow survivors . From here the movie goes into a downward spiral in which nothing helps it ascend.Every scene after this is awfully drawn out -LRB- think Matrix reloaded party/sex scene , except with dialogue and no sex or dancing -RRB- The more characters they bring on , the worse the movie gets . And then if things could n't get worse we are introduced to some soldiers who instead of helping the main characters they become their enemies.So the story all of sudden moves from being about an emptyand dead `` world '' to being about `` bad soldiers `` Such a good premise thrown into the trash , what a SHAME . . But I still had hope ... hope in that the ending had to be good . . And of course it was , quite possibly , the worst ending to a movie I have ever seen . And if you do n't believe me then why did they come out with a new ending only weeks after it 's release ?? This of course angered me even more , because they could n't get it right the first time!I was n't the only one who hated this movie ... This was the first movie in which HALF the people in the theatre walked out HALF WAY through the Movie !! With all the hype , this movie was very dissapointing . The Blair witch was hyped like crazy too , but that was an innovative movie and a lot scarier . TRUST ME !! But anyway ... you guys out there have two choices : ; You can either buy or rent this movie , which you will regret or you can take my word and save your money .
 If you are like me , and you are wondering what all the hype is about , I have some money and time saving advice for you . Skip this film at all costs . If you are looking for something original and scary , watch `` The Ring '' , and `` Signs '' . Now those are brilliant films . `` 28 days later '' , however , is a heaping pile of ... . I did n't think this film was scary in the least , mainly because the `` zombies '' -LRB- humans infected by the rage virus -RRB- are sad looking , and were easily killed off . This movie also lacks any kind of plot or character development . It seemed more like a documentary . With the exception of the young girl and her father , are we actually supposed to care about the other characters ? Then there is that awful frenetic camera movement , reminiscent of `` the blair witch project '' , whenever something violent happens ... particularly when the `` zombies '' attack . Take my word for it , this gets very irritating after a while.I know that it may sound like I 'm really bashing this movie -LRB- which I am LOL -RRB- , but I 'm only telling you the truth behind my initial reaction to it -LRB- I saw it yesterday -RRB- . This is yet another movie that was blatantly mis-marketed by the producers . Most people , like I did , went into this movie expecting a brilliant horror film , as the deceitful trailers and critics hinted it to be . Instead it turned out to be an agonizingly boring , time and money wasting mess !!!
 For the most part , I love a zombie movie . I also like horror movies . However , something made me leave the theatre unsatisfied with this movie . Although 28 Days Later tries to be a movie with both a conscience and gore , it seems to fall flat with little explanation of it 's own plot.For one thing , we do not really get much in way of the background . Within the first 5 minutes of the film , the virus and everything are just kind of thrown at us without being explained in the way of a violent attack at some sort of laboratory for testing . Perhaps the makers of this movie could have just spent a little time not rushing this part ; for one thing , the `` rage '' virus that people suffer from is the main premise of the movie . The next thing is , of course , the caption that says 28 days later and some guy is naked in a hospital ... 28 Days Later should be credited for doing several things well . This is at least a movie that takes itself seriously ; the characters are not your average horror movie stereotypes and there is some build up of character development . There is a sense of eeriness about the city when the main character is walking about trying to find out what has happened.However , very little is explained , which leads to more questions than answers . Where are the people in other cities , countries , etc ? What is exactly `` rage '' ? Why are the zombies constantly vomiting ? Why do the zombies `` sleep '' ? Why in the world did they use that ending for the movie?The movie was a tad on the violent side , which , I suppose , should be expected . But it was n't really a `` violent '' type of violent , but more of a `` loud '' violent . For instance , when someone is about to be attacked then they crank up this loud music from the soundtrack and keep getting it louder and louder until the attack scene is over . There are also many times when the camera shakes around and you rarely can tell what is actually happening.It seemed as though they spent too much time dragging out things and not making clear connections as to what exactly these people were suppose to be doing to survive from the breed of zombies . I think they could have cut some of the scenes to fit in a little more background . Overall , not bad , but I would n't watch it again for the price of a show .
 THIS FILM COULD HAVE BEEN A GREAT THRILLER/HORROR FILM , BUT IT WAS N'T . THERE WAS A DUMB PLOT AND -LSB- BAD -RSB- ACTING.IT HAD ORIGINALITY AND THE CINEMATOGRAPHY WAS QUITE IMPRESSIVE , BUT THIS WAS ONE OF THE WORST FILMS THAT I HAVE SEEN IN QUITE SOME TIME !! SAVE YOUR MONEY AND SEE SOMETHING ELSE !!
 Ok so this review will be short and sweet . The movie rocks - however if you are looking for HD quality - 1080p do n't buy this product . There was significant artifacts , pixelation , and sound quality was sub-par . It almost looked like was encoded originally for VHS and transfered to full screen to fit the 1080p full screen mode . I ordered from an Amazon Prime dealer so it very well could of been a knock-off . I do n't recommend this format for this movie . Sorry folks . Your better off getting the DVD rather than spending the money on a Blu-ray .
 i will admit the zombies were pretty good but the storyline was just horrible i was about to leave the cinema before it ended take my word for it waste of valuable Time !!!!! the only scary and horrible thing about this movie was ... . the movie itself
 Much as I love zombie flicks and apocalypse flicks , this one just does n't work on an American audience . Why ? Because we have guns.The virus that decimates England -LRB- and presumably all the populations on contiguous land masses -RRB- , is a disease that could n't travel globally . It takes 20 seconds for an exposed person to become violently symptomatic , and the virus is spread only through direct contact into the bloostream , so it 's not like an infected person could board a plane and fly over to another continent . So , while the decimation of Europe would doubtless put a cramp in the global economy , the plot that is offered could never become the end of the world . -LRB- A point which is implied by the absence of global support `` sending in the troops '' or , at least , sending helicopters over to drop off food , medicine , weapons , and other supplies . -RRB- As I watch these handful of survivors try to flee London and find other survivors in the English countryside , I wonder why they do n't have any effective means of defending themselves . I mean , I know England is anti-gun , but they do have rifles , do n't they ? Are n't their police armed ? Would n't there be an armory somewhere ? True , a few guns wo n't fend off a swarm of thousands of `` zombies , '' but it would provide a better means of protecting oneself against smaller zombie attacks , which are a constant risk to the survivors . Instead , they rely on machetes , baseball bats , and running away.I guess that 's why this movie was set in England ... set in America , the plot would end 5 minutes into the movie once Americans descended upon the zombies , fighting back with millions of armed private citizens . -LRB- Until the lawyers get a judge to issue an injunction against zombie destruction . -RRB-
 28 Days Later is not a bad film . Indeed , considering that rotten zombie movies are nearly as numerous as the shambling hordes themself , this movie could be considered somewhat of a gem when held in comparison to Return of the Living Dead III , Zombie Planet , or Chopper Chicks in Zombietown . Is it , as advertised , a groundbreaking zombie film that will reinvigorate the genre ? No . Not at all , and possibly quite the opposite . So far we have two truly groundbreaking films in the zombie genre
 Perhaps I have been spoiled on flicks like Dawn of the Dead , Dead Alive , and Evil Dead , which are all great zombie fare . I expected 28 Days Later to be of the same ilk ; but it was a `` grave '' diaappointment . This movie played out more like a melodrama than a hardcore zombie flick . You would n't even know if the creatures were supposed to be zombies unless you had read the DVD cover . This movie was way to slow-paced and did not live up to the billing that the critics claimed . If you are a REAL zombie fan , do n't get this trash .
 This has the potential to be an awesome film , except director Danny Boyle -LRB- `` Trainspotting '' , `` The Beach '' -RRB- decided to let his knee-jerk liberalism infect the rest of his body
 I got this movie to watch on Halloween because it was reputedly a very scary movie . I do n't think I felt frightened even once in the entire movie . There is no aching suspense , no sudden jumping out.The lead actor Cillian Murphy is almost impossibly handsome . The camera often takes time out from the mountains of gore to lovingly caress his face and body which sometimes seems so jarringly immaculate it looks as if he just walked off a fashion runway.There is lots of slime and blood and festering , hours of it . There is also what felt like like 10 hours of footage of people bashing each others ' brains out in the dark . I could not tell who was bashing who or why.I have never watched a movie where I had less sympathy for any of the characters . Even the `` heroes '' were totally selfish opportunists.The rape scenes were supposed to be terrifying , but I could not help but laugh . Why would anyone give a thought to rape when they knew they were about be pounced on at any second by rabid plague victims?The mayhem wore thin very quickly . The villains were as distinctive as the white plastic-coated soldiers in Star Wars.By far the most interesting parts of the movie were about the gritty practicalities of living without electricity , running water , grocery stores or other people.As metaphor , the movie had its moments . It showed how money really is just a token in a social game . Money becomes meaningless in the apocalyptic world . There was one bit of philosophising when a soldier noted that for most of earth 's history it had no people , and now with this megaplague , earth was returning to normal . The plague itself is symbolic of the rage that spreads from person to person in modern urban society , erupting in mass violence like the Iraq war.The special effects went on for what seemed like an eternity too , namely wandering through British cities without seeing a even a single car or pedestrian . I suppose these might be more interesting to people familiar with the landmarks with their normal bustle . The effect was supposed to be eerie , but for me , it came across much like visiting a resort town out of tourist season . It has been done too many times before and director Danny Boyle belaboured it . He went on for what felt like hours of it with nothing happening.P.S . I was not on drugs . The time dilation effect comes purely through repetition of the exact same thing over and over and over .
 I love zombie movies , and I dont know why it took me so long to see this one . The reviews hailed it as original and scary , so I was stoked . But , at the end , I was scratching my head wondering if I got the edited for tv version or something because it wasnt very scary . I made me jump a few times , but theres a difference between being scared and being startled . Plus , to call it original is a slap in the face to the zombie movies of the sixties and seventies . I mean , it was more intelligent than most horror movies , but what fan base are the filmmakers trying to appeal to ? When I go to see a horror film , I expect either to be genuinely disturbed -LRB- The Ring , Blair Witch -RRB- , or to laugh heartily at the cheesy villians and storyline -LRB- Freddy v. Jason -RRB- . Either way , I expect a good time . However , with this one , I just felt disappointed . If you like zombie films , you wont like this one , guaranteed .
 Horror buffs need to take `` 28 Days Later '' into muchly needed inconsideration . This had to be the slowest moving horror flick on the planet . While this British box-office smash was commended for chills and thrills . . it is truly a fiasco . It had two moments of terror ... 222 moments of predictable JELLO . I spent $ 20 on this DVD . It 's worth maybe $ 5.99 . The soundtrack completely sucks ... the acting is average ... and the editing is the highlight . Unfortunately , when you edit one bad scene to the next , you simply ca n't win.This British loser must have been made by someone who ventured through WW2 . It has the nauseating military twist to it that simply does n't fit today . Why is it the British always want to embellish their hatred for the Germans ? Move on !!!! Get a life !!!! Make a horror film and get away from those silly military fatigues . This one is simply billed as a horror film . That 's right ... it is simply horrible !!! It gets a 2 !!! And that 's being nice .
 The premise of 28 DAYS LATER is excellent -- too bad it 's not original . Borrowing heavy from such horror classics as THE NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD and Stephen King 's THE STAND , this movie only succeeds in retelling an old story . A deadly monkey virus named The Rage is accidentally released into the public and only a few individuals survive . While the structure of human society is virtually destroyed the survivors must fight against the remaining infected that aim to kill . As the survivors fight for their lives they travel from London to Manchester in hopes of joining a military group who promises an end to the virus . But upon arrival the group realizes that things are not what they seem . Unfortunately , the unfolding of the plot left little to the imagination . I was especially troubled during the scene when the survivors tried to drive through the underground tunnel on their way to Manchester . Anyone who has read THE STAND should well remember the scene of the Lincoln Tunnel in NYC and learn the obvious lesson to not travel in tunnels after an apocalypse , as bodies , vehicles , and unknown creepy things exist in the dark . The remainder of 28 DAYS LATER movie left little to the imagination and was uninteresting . I really wanted to enjoy this movie , but I rather felt disappointed .
 This movie was very boring and not even close to scary . The only thing scary about this movie was how bad it was . I wanted to be scared but this movie could not deliver ! Please do not see it unless you feel like wasting money and time to see a really stupid movie . I could have made a better movie in 22 days !!
 Alright folks , I put the money in and have a pretty decent setup to watch this movie but I 'd rather watch the DVD than the Blue Ray Version . First off I 'd like to say the movie its self is great but the Conversion to Blue Ray falls flat on its face . I 've got quite a large number of blue ray movies here and I swear at the time of this review this is the worst video quality blue ray I could find . It looks like someone took the DVD version and put the movie through a video filter trying to sharpen it and completely failed at it . This is a fantastic example of how not to convert a blueray . this movie was made in 2002 we had the technology to record a quality film . I 'm surprised a group of people considered blue ray experts did this conversion sat down and watched the final product and decided this to be a quality picture . I want my money back , I feel kind of used . Blue Ray means they put forth their best effort to give us a great picture * puke *
 This has got to be one of the most boring movies ever made . It was pointless and stupid . Not only that , but it ripped off other movies.The virus gets out . How ? Some people let the animals out and it begins infecting people . Remind us of something ? cough *** Resident Evil *** cough . Not only that , but Jim wakes up in a hospital all by himself . What does that remind us of ? cough *** Resident Evil Movie *** cough . Then the rest of the movie rips off Day of the Dead28 Days Later-1 . -RRB- Jim shouting `` Hello . '' to the in the empty city .2 . -RRB- Tough chick .3 . -RRB- Crazy Military Men .4 . -RRB- Military men wanting sex with women .5 . -RRB- 3 survivors .6 . -RRB- Weak Man .7 . -RRB- Happy ending .8 . -RRB- Using infected to teach people about infected .9 . -RRB- Jim escaping .10 . -RRB- Jim letting infected in .11 . -RRB- Leader of military getting killed by infected being used to teach people about infected while survivors leave .12 . -RRB- Bad dream .13 . -RRB- Talks about god and mankind.Day of the Dead-1 . -RRB- Miguel shouting , `` Hello . '' in the city .2 . -RRB- Tough chick .3 . -RRB- Crazy Military Men .4 . -RRB- Military men wanting sex with Sarah .5 . -RRB- 3 survivors .6 . -RRB- Weak soldier .7 . -RRB- Happy ending .8 . -RRB- Using zombies to learn about the zombies .9 . -RRB- Miguel escaping .10 . -RRB- Miguel letting zombies in .11 . -RRB- Leader of military getting shot by Bub while survivors escape .12 . -RRB- Bad dreams .13 . -RRB- Talks about god and mankind.Hmmm ... Now some people did n't know this and decided to back it up by saying it was inspired . cough *** Matt P. *** cough . But it is not inspired . It is a complete rip off.There are people who say this is better than the remake of Dawn . How ? This was crap . The remake of Dawn and this movie hardly had anthing in common . Name 13 things that Dawn of the Dead 2004 , and 28 Days Later had in common , and they better be good.So this movie is crap . Shaun of the Dead is the U.K. 's next big thing , and that looks stupid too .
 I wish I read the reviews before I bought this , The blu ray quality is worse than most dvd quality movies I 've seen . I thought it was an issue with my TV but I tried on 3 different set ups and all looked horrible . Do not buy the blu ray version !!!!
 Do not buy the Blu-Ray version of this movie ! The film quality is so terrible you gain nothing from having the blu-ray ... save your money and get the DVD of this movie
 I wonder why `` 28 Days Later '' is proclaimed a groundbreaking take on zombie horror . Could it be because it offers neither zombies nor much horror ? Granted , the rage infected living are the closest equivalent to real zombies . Unfortunately , they play just a minor role.The movie has only a few scenes that are moderately scary , but short-lived and all over before something truly frightening would ever happen.More often the film is tedious.And contrary to what you might have heard there is nothing new here.After the main characters meet the soldiers it 's getting worse , much worse . It 's as though that second part belongs to a totally different film -LRB- one I definitely would n't want to see -RRB- . Oh , and regarding the social commentary ... blah , blah , blah ... I 'm not impressed - it 's nothing new under the sun , either.You may think a 1 star rating a bit harsh , but it equals my huge disappointment with this so-called `` horror '' movie .
 How uninspiringly unoriginal . So , the movie dares you to imagine - what if there was a gloabal epidemic -LRB- and spread by apes , to boot -RRB- ? I 'm floored . Such genius ! What a diabolically ingeneous directorial concoction ! -LRB- Oh , btw , any coincidence to the decades-long AIDS pandemic supposedly spread by human contact with Rhesus monkeys is purely coincindental . -RRB- That 's pretty much what the movie is about . England is hit by monkey fever . Cities sprawl citizenless . Dead line the gutters . Everybody is evacuated . Wherever to ? How ? Which other country rolled out the red carpet for this seething mass with its baggage of potential human extinction ? Ah , these are but minutiae , utterly trivial and irrelevant beneath the grandly sweeping brush of our director.The infected undead -LRB- aka zombies -RRB- run amuck . You would do well to hack them to bits , because that is all this movie has got going for it . But pray tell , how do I tell a zombie from a good guy , before I merrily bludgeon him to a pulp ? By their penchant for bulging red contact lenses , that 's how . What 's the matter with you ? Never seen a real zombie movie before?And so it meanders on . After the ape-holocaust , Jim meets Selena . Jim and Selena meet little girl and dad . Dad does n't have his red contact lenses yet , and so the merry band wanders around looking for zombies to chop to bits . They run into bunch of soldiers . Soldiers are horny , and want women . Women do n't want soldiers . Women only want to kill more zombies . Dad finally finds his contacts and tries them on , and would do a zombie proud . Hack , Hack , hack . Not any more.Let 's see . . hack , hack , hack some more , and presto - the convoy of soldiers is history . Hack , hack , hack , and liberating airplane flies directly overhead . Wave , wave , wave , and make arrangements for helicopter airlift.The end.The tag line on the DVD says `` Scariest movie since The Exorcist '' . `` Truly terrifying '' . `` Chilling '' . Etc. . If I were a zombie , I 'd agree . I 'd be truly chilled , terrified , horrified and apalled that my lot had been so completely trivialized by such dire lack of imagination . Zombies all over the world would hang their collective heads in shame , and realize that something more horrifying than the walking undead was on the loose - movie directors possessed of just one buttock .
 First let me state that I 'm not a zombie horror fan , I just thought this movie looked scary and decided to check it out . Much to my disappointment , I am sorry I bought it !! What a waste . From what I can remember -LRB- it was so boring to me it 's hard to -RRB- , it starts out eerie , which was cool , but it becomes so dull and loses all point half way through the movie . It 's hard to stay interested in what happens to the people involved . One thing I liked about it was that the zombies were fast , but instead of looking scary , I just thought they looked funny . This movie was also way too long . I fell asleep in both sittings of trying to watch it . So take my advice , do not buy this movie UNLESS you KNOW you will like it . Maybe I just do n't like this kind of movie , but either way , I would not watch it again if you payed me .
 Where can I begin to describe how awful this movie really is ? First let me state that I am a HUGE fan of zombie movies . Day Of The Dead ? Great movie ! Dawn of the Dead ? Great movie ... both versions ! This movie ... . well , suffice to say that Danny Boyle apparently is n't so much as a pimple on the ass of the great George Romero , or Sam Raimi , or any other great horror director for that matter . While the initial idea of the movie is scary and the previews made it out to look terrifying , the plot is so disjointed , drawn out , chatty , and utterly stupid that any potential shown in the first ten minutes is quickly shot to hell . Did I hate this movie ? Yes . Would I rather snort shards of glass than to ever watch it again ? Maybe not , but it was still an utter waste of my time . I feel stupider for having seen it .
 Well , I thought the movie had a great and original storyline but I was not to fond with the acting and filming . In all honesty , the only good thing about this DVD is the movie 's storyline and that is it , I just ca n't say more . You may want to give it a look . . but do n't expect much .
 I am a huge fan of zombie movies and apocolyptic films . I love all the old originals - Night of the Living Dead , Return of the Living Dead , Army of Darkness , Evil Dead , Resident Evil , Omega Man etc. . There is n't one made I have n't seen . These movies have redeeming features , either due to macbre humor psychological suspense , or just plain fright . 28 days has NONE of these qualities.The most enjoyable part of the film is the first 20 minutes which sets a fairly believable scene of destruction in England . After that - it goes downhill quickly . If you get this movie expecting a George Romero clone you will be very dissapointed.There is n't even a scene where someone is assaulted or chased by a huge shambling mob . The biggest might be 10 people vs. 4 . What kind of zombie movie does n't have 100 's to 1,000 's of shambling hoardes running through it ??? What 's worse , the majority of deleted scences and even the `` radical alternative ending '' would have made the movie better , but none were included as the director thought they would n't have helped tell the story . And the `` infected '' ? Hey lem me see a few of them up close foaming at the mouth . Instead one is left with the desire to slap the camerman around so he 'll hold still long enough to get a good look at the infected.Believe me when I tell you the most redeeming feature this movie has is as a drink coaster for your coffee table so you can watch a decent horror film.Despite that many reviewers indicate that some of us ca n't appreciate the artistic quality of the film because we `` just do n't get it '' , supposedly due to a lapse in intelligence - I would say `` Poppycock !!! '' The film is mindless drivel , the plot predictable , the acting terrible , and character development worse.Save your money - watch Omega Man or a George Romero marathon .
 The film opens on lab monkeys infected with a virus called `` Rage '' which becomes the predictable end of humans . By the film 's end -LRB- should you make it that far , many in my theater did not -RRB- you may or may not feel like a lab monkey , but you will certainly be infected with `` Rage , '' having just witnessed one of the single worst cinematic endeavors of all time . Rent `` Night of the Living Dead '' if you 're into zombies or `` Night of the Comet '' if you want to think about it being cool on earth without people . Do not see this . If you liked `` Shallow Grave '' or `` Trainspotting '' and you think Danny Boyle can recover from `` The Beach , '' you 're wrong . So was I.
 I agree that the premise was great , and there were really good visual effects -LRB- e.g. , the empty English cities -RRB- , but I was expecting a movie that was going to SCARE me -LRB- that WAS the claim , remember ? -RRB- , or , at the least , be chock full of zombies and gore . On both of these it failed . This is the reason I think the movie stunk like rotting cheese you forgot at the bottom right corner of your refrigerator from seven months back.Bottom line
 This is the first review i write here , and i thought i must warn you buyers not to even rent this movie , it is the most boring movie ever !! it doese n't have any suspense or intelligent plot.Don ' t buy it please ...
 Based on a lot of great reviews , we rented this movie thinking we were in for a good old fashioned horror movie . Not ! It was a very boring movie , and actually quite silly . Not worth the time .
 The plot lies somewhere between `` Night of ther Living Dead '' and `` The Omega Man '' . ... except that `` Night of the Living Dead '' is a scary cult classic and this movie is n't scary and simply makes no sense . It is n't surprising they filmed two endings because this movie has no idea where it is going . Save your money .
 If you were looking for a HD experience keep looking . This bluray disc looks like it was created with a hazy motion blur version of flood fill in MS Paint.The movie is good , but it is truly hard to get past the terrible picture quality .
 This is a great movie , but it is irresponsible to market this at 1080 lines of resolution when it looks so terrible at that resolution . It 's okay if you watch it at , say , twice or more of the optimal viewing distance from your set . That is about eleven feet for a 42 '' - diagonal set , at 1080 lines . If you ca n't get that far away , you could incur permanent psychological damage from the bad video on this thing , you 'll hate the film if you have n't seen it before , and you 'll probably want to - and should - burn the disc so it ca n't hurt anyone else .
 This is awful . the bluray version no way near matches my other collection . . At first , i thought it was the blu ray player or the tv but those components are perfect . i am thinking the BD is defective , maybe i shall return it and get another one . DONT BUY THE BD VERSION ... Luckily i purchased it for 10.00 . . i think its worth only 5.00 .
 Dis movie wuz da most retarded movie ever . I thought dis movie wuz goin ' to be scary . I fell asleep watchin ' this movie . All you horror fans do n't waste your money .
 This had to be one of the worst movies I have ever seen . What ever happend to this being `` The scariest movie of the summer '' ? All I have to say is that I was utterly disappointed , thank God that I rented it first .
 I 'm not sure why this movie did so well in theaters . Perhaps this was more of an indication of a hunger for movies that are not remakes of older movies/comic books/tv shows than of this movie 's quality . But this movie has nothing new to offer and is a typical doomsday flick with a little zombie action thrown in for thrills . It is based on the silly premise that the `` rage '' virus is transmitted through body fluids and within 10-20 seconds turns the infected person into a violent maniac . Of course , the infected are not so violent that they ca n't act together in chasing down and killing the noninfected . Its funny how they never attack each other-how convenient . Many others have stated that this movie is scary , but it is not . In fact it is quite boring and the cheap scares are entirely predictable and cliched . There is really not enough substance to justify a full-length movie . Really , how long does it take to tell us about a few people driving across England to meet up with other survivors ? The story is stretched out and seems like it was written while shooting , which is further confirmed by the 3 different endings presented on the DVD . Much like the Blair Witch Project , this movie is unpolished , and rather dull . The only positive is that the acting was well done . I would not bother seeing this flick .
 Je vien de terminer ce supposer film de Zombie hyperactif . Moi jai pas super acrocher comme pour la plupart d'entre vous , l'id &eacute; de d&eacute;part me semblais bien mais pas tres original quand on compare a Romero . Le film semble nous mener nul part , discourt inutil par si par , la music est foutrement mauvaise ce qui tourne le film quasi ridicule et quand au effets gore aucune ne sont r&eacute;ussi , ca ce passe trop vite on a pas le temp de rien voir . Quelques id&eacute;es on &eacute;t&eacute; emprunter a Romero , je dirait meme copier comme quand on peut voir la scene du pillage dans l' &eacute;picerie . qui me fait rappeller une scene culte de Dawn of the dead dans le Mall . je m ` attendais a voir du Zombie ce fesant flinguer ce qui est tres rar . On peut voir une fin alternative ou Jim meurt apres l'operation . Apart ca rien de bon dans ce film , &Agrave; conseiller au fan de film r&eacute;cent peut-etre , rien a voir avec les bon vieux classic de Zombie , Pr&eacute;f&eacute;r&eacute; le remake de Dawn of the dead pour du cinema r&eacute;cent .
 My 11 year old son kept bugging me to see this movie . I belong to netflix , so told him it was in the line up . He just could n't wait . Now , as a mom , I find it hard to keep up on ALL the movies `` big boys '' think they want to see . I am usually good at weeding them out . So , I figured , `` well , if he does n't like it , me & my husband might '' NOT !! WRONG !! This was not only visually & emotionally disturbing , but looked like high school drama majors filmed it . Most of the time , movies dont show acts of violence aimed at children , being loaded with zombie viruses or not ! I wont give it away , some people go for this , but the opening scences were so dang creepy - I was like `` Only the British could show that & not be offended ''
 OKAY , IF I COULD I 'D GIVE THIS MOVIE 0 STARS ! THIS MOVIE SUCKED , AND I HATED IT ! The storyline was stupid , and the actors sucked . The movie was BORING with a capital B. Nothing made sense , and it was stupid .
 I really enjoyed this film and recommend it . However , the plot has one major , glaring flaw which pretty much flies in the face of what it means to be human.I ca n't believe the women did n't go along with the soldiers ' plan . They would have been protected , fed , sheltered and guaranteed to have offspring . If they had just a bit of smarts they could have spun that situation so that they enjoyed a somewhat powerful , comfortable position in a world gone to hell . Instead they chose to face the continued , exhausting threat of being eaten by pseudo-zombies . In general , people will do anything to survive and Selena says as much early on . Even if it means having servicing someone they do n't particularly like . Carnal , unromantic , and harsh but a biological reality none the less . We would n't be here now if it were n't . Other than this annoyance it is beautifully shot , the soundtrack suits it well and it is a fun watch .
 Folks , I am a huge horror / Zombie Movie Fan.However , This film seriosuly miss the bus on that one.I am not sure where to start .1 . Plot
 The movie begins in an animal testing lab where a group of animal rights activists attempt to free the monkeys that are imprisoned there . Just as they are about to release one , they are caught by a scientist who tells them that the monkeys have been infected with something called ` rage ' . The activists scoff at the scientist and set on monkey free . The minute that happens , the monkey immediately attacks a woman , infecting her with rage.Fast forward 28 days , and a man -LRB- Jim -RRB- wakes up in a hospital only to find himself completely alone . He leaves the hospital and sees that the streets are deserted as well . After a frantic search , he meets to survivors . Occasionally , they come across one of the undead and must kill them or else they stand to become infected themselves.This was one of the worst movies I have ever seen . The storyline was really slow and confusing . I 'm just thankful that I rented it and did n't shell out money to see it in the theatre .
 Do not bother . This movie has nothing to offer .
 Good special effects and an ambitious Apocalypse virus scenario grip you for the first part of the film . Animal rights activists let out monkeys with a virus that 's so aggressive it wipes out the population of England in 28 days . The DVD contains interviews with scientists saying , yes , viral pandemics are dangerous . So this film pretends to be realistic while wallowing in mindless gore . Pretty much a cross between Night of the Living Dead and 12 Monkeys -LRB- without the time travel -RRB- , a group of survivors travel to Manchester to find salvation in a radio broadcast of army troops . The scenes of a deserted London are well done -LRB- looks like London on Sunday morning 6AM -RRB- . All the while they fight off blood spewing zombies . So one inconsistency among many here is with all the blood all over the place , the film starts with survivors wearing blood-proof full body and head protection , but this contradicts the rest of the film where they are unfazed when infected blood spews all over them . Of course watching a film with nothing but actors in burka-like covering would be boring , especially for the gore fans.Danny Boyle directed Trainspotting , and the satire that works there is conspicuously absent here . I wanted to see thoughtfulness in the script , but found little . Why is it the trend to make Apocalypse/Disaster films into shallow studies in action , violence , and gore ? For mass appeal ? Anyway the gore scenes are intense enough to recommend keeping kids away from the film . On the other hand adults can laugh at some of them as they attempt to be as over-the-top as you can get . Skip it and watch 12 Monkeys or Night of the Living Dead instead .
 I rented this movie expecting one heck of a good horror movie and in return , I ended up watching one of the worst , stupidest films I have ever seen . I wo n't even go into the details of this film for it 's simply too awful . Can we say Boring ???? Can we say What A Waste of Money ??????????? I wanted my money back !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Unless you have a gun to your head , I would n't suggest anyone renting this movie !!!!!!!!!!!!
 28 Days Later begins when some foolish environmental activists/terrorists manage to unleash a plague of `` Rage '' upon England -LRB- and possibly the world -RRB- . The story then picks up 28 days later when a young man wakes up from a coma in his hospital bed that goes back to just prior to the outbreak . As he , and by extension we , attempt to find out what 's going on he wanders around London calling out `` hello '' repeatedly with no one answering . While he ultimately manages to find other people as well as some infected unfortunates , it is striking how empty the entire city of London is . Where did all those millions of people disappear to ? We never learn the answer to that question . As the movie continues and we see the rest of England , we find it is similarly depopulated . There are nowhere near enough corpses to believe everyone is dead and nowhere near enough infected to believe that everyone has turned.I would gladly set aside an empty country if there were only something interesting happening in the movie to push it from my mind . Sadly , the plot is almost nonexistent in this movie . Very little actually happens . Our small band of characters wander an empty UK and are very occasionally attacked but there is surprisingly little real menace . When they finally find an organized band of military men , we find that man 's inhumanity to man is alive and well as these `` saviors '' are arguably worse than the Rage infected maniacs . This theme has been done in virtually every movie of this type sinceNight of the Living Dead -LRB- Millennium Edition -RRB- and almost always in a far more interesting way.The director of this film clearly has no idea how to build suspense , develop characters , or even shoot interesting action scenes . I ca n't say that any aspect of this film was strong , or even mediocre , and would urge any and all people who have n't seen this yet to avoid it .
 This movie was n't scary at all ! I was so bored . Nobody I saw it with found it scary in any way either , so skip this load of crud . It is senseless gore and violence that does n't scare , disturb , or gross out people . Big waste of time and money .
 This movie was so pathetic I left the theatre after half the movie . It 's about monkey 's infected with `` rage '' by watching violence on television . Are we going to see a violent barney movie next ??
 I went to see this movie because I heard what most reviewers were saying . BIIIIIIG , HUUUUGE MISTAKE !!! Sometimes recycling classic themes is a great idea , so in theory Boyle 's interpretaion of a zombie movie would make a great example of recycling ... Not.Where is the tension ? Where is the suspense ? We know who is going to survive and who is going to get it from the first 15 minutes of the movie.Yes , we have , as we have in all movies made by Boyle , a great cinematographic composition but it doesnt stand out.This is suposed to be a scary movie ... And it might have been should Boyle had managed to put you in the players shoes , but that just doesnt happen.Since the plott is pretty obvious , you just dont care about the characters of the movie , you dont get simpathetic and you dont get scared.And I am not going to talk about history 's plausability here .
 Bro , seriously , how can anyone give this movie higher than one star ? The only reason it got one star from me is that i ca n't give it negative 2 stars . I wont bore you with details like this movie bored me but i will say just save your money . Do n't even rent this , if you really want to see it try to download it you will be glad you saved your money . To this very day this is still the absolutely worst movie i have ever seen in my life , not just horror movie the worst movie period .
 As I said in the title Harmful . Not very stimulating , fun and if you were expecting to hide behind the sofa just through that idea out of the window . Basically one man wakes up from hospital ` unharmed ' after a bomb has wiped out the everyone in England . Or so it seems . A few survivors are there to help but the rest are all mutants trying to eat their skin and so on.No plot.No stars.No good scenes.No sense.Don ' t waste good money . Try ` The Shining ' .
 Put it into kinder words . 28 Days Later makes the Blair Witch Project worthy of an oscar . Do n't even bother
 It was not good nor palatable.It 's something to be disregarded.Watch the original `` Resident Evil '' instead .
 There is absolutely no reason to get this on Blu-Ray , in fact I found it looks at least as good in standard def . Over all I enjoyed the movie , but it really looks bad , almost like it was shot with an old consumer video camera . So much so , that it had me messing around with the settings on my player and TV , and I even put another disc in to make sure it was n't something I did . For reference , I also have 28 Weeks Later and its worlds better in visual quality , it actually looks high def . Unfortunately that ca n't be said for this movie -LRB- but for the last few minutes -RRB- . I almost started to wonder at one point if it was done that way on purpose for artistic reasons ... then the contrast of the clarity at the end to show that things are improving in the world ?? Anyway SD is fine for this one ... and would have got a 4 stars rating .
 I just spent the first 15 minutes to know thw movie was stupid , boring and with the worst plot ever planned . Has a good beginning , but goes down until the end . It 's the mix of the movies of George A. Romero and Resident Evil , but in England . The dialogues are made by a child , the characters are annoying , the music is disturbing and the movement of the camera , seem to made a man with Parkinson . Do n't waste your time and money with this .
 To the people who are trying to make themselves sound smart by writing about how everyone `` do n't get it '' get over yourselves , this is not a movie that makes you think , and if you feel intelligent by watching this movie then you need to question who the real moron is . Pick up a book and read , you 'll find plenty of books like this that are much better than this movie . The beginning is great , I do have to give the writer and director credit cause it really sets up the tone of the movie , your almost on edge waiting for something to happen . But then as it goes along all it does is get more and more disappointing , and that 's a shame cause it had so much potential . This film is no ` Night of the living Dead ' and you almost wish it was cause at least you 'd actually be scared instead of sighing and waiting for another flash of the zombies , and that 's all you really get are flashes , there 's no real interaction with the infected and uninfected . The movie would have been much better if it were ` Night of the living dead apocalypse style ' maybe if they had them fighting the zombies more and did n't have that whole `` Military '' thing going on half way in it would have been an improvement . The alternative endings were okay but I doubt it could have improved the movie , face it the trailers were more scarier than this film . The whole movie just started to plain suck after the beginning to be honest and I wondered if the real title of this movie was 28 days of boredom cause after watching it you feel as if 28 days have been sucked out of your life.You want a good scary zombie flick watch the original `` Night of the living Dead '' instead .
 I bought this movie and its sequel ; both were highly recommended as `` really scary zombie flicks . '' The terms `` disappointed , '' `` bewildered , '' and `` angry at where my money went '' ca n't begin to say how much I hate this movie . It 's much too dark - ca n't see anything that 's going on . I 'm pretty good with accents , but I could n't understand what was being said . The infected were barely there , and when they were , it was fleeting and boring . The plotline was missing in non-action . I think that when the apocalypse comes , it will be in the form of having to survive watching this movie over and over and over ...
 This may not be a popular opinion , but this clearly is an over hyped , and disappointingly underwhelming movie . I mistakenly watched this because I love zombie movies and thought this was the newer `` 28 months later '' - a better movie compared to this turkey ... There are many reviews here that will go into the `` plot '' , which is simplistic even by zombie movie standards , so I 'll spare everyone the agony of reviewing that again , and simply say that if you really want to waste some time , have very low standards , and do n't mind bad acting with boring `` action '' , then rent this movie . On the other hand , if you 're interested in better , as in night and day , almost incomparably better , zombie movies , watch the Resident Evil movies , Night of the Living Dead -LRB- gritty -RRB- , and Shawn of the Dead which is a great parody of all zombie movies.We could n't get through it -LRB- some actually got up and left the room -RRB- . I was more stubborn and used the remote 's FF button to get through it faster . Two stars only because it was n't the worst movie I 've seen , but it is close , and I ca n't leave 1.5 stars ...
 The title of this review pretty much sums it up ... but lets not stop there . Never before have I seen a film where at the end of it I was actually ANGRY that I had sat through this uninspired pile of fesces . No joke ... I hope that the director of this movie gets dragged away by wolves or savagly murdered in front of all the horror fans in the world . Quite possibly the worst movie ever ... . EVER !!! i would rather sit down with every movie that Whoopi Goldberg has ever starred in and watch them in a 48 hour marathon than subject my poor eyes to this trivial garbage again . shame shame .
 THe premise of this film made me think that it would be interesting . Clearly , I was wrong . Animal activists , contagious virus , and end of the world scenario was not enough to save this film from ruin . While I ca n't pinpoint anything specifically that made this film wreak , I can say for one thing that I was bored pretty much throughout . It seemed to me that this film was simply a showcase for gore , violence , and red eyed zombie freaks , unless I 'm missing some deeper point . I certainly do n't think that there was a lesson to be learned . This film was also problematic in many respects , and unrealistic to say the least . I doubt there would truly be a happy ending as positioned in the film if there were an unstoppable global contagion . This film conveniently leaves too many questions unanswered . How did the fighter jet pilot survive ? Did a government organize itself to look for remaining survivors ? How come some infected died and others remained zombies ? If this film was positioned as a fantasy film it might be more understandable . But I do n't think that 28 Days Later is a fantasy film . In all , this film was terribly disappointing .
 Why did this movie rate such good reviews ? Not scary , just mundane .
 That is if you are scared of watching Scooby do , then you should definitely avoid this , Avoid this movie if you suffer from the following : - Faint HeartLoss of breathHallucinationsWeak StomachHigh Blood PressureLow Blood PressureGood TasteExpecting something GoodSuffer from disappointmentsHey get this was in the top 20 from 100 scariest moments . If you want to watch a real good movie then AVOID THIS -LRB- YOU 'VE BEEN WARNED -RRB-
 28 days is more of a psychological mish-mash of a suspense as oppossed to real horror , the so called zombies are nothing more than red eyed crazies , who barf and beat up their victims . -LRB- `` ooh scary , yeah right -RRB- days borrows heavly off of stephen king 's the stand , the omega man and even a scene from escape from ny where a cab crases over a pile of cars.the alternate endings and some deleted scenes were much scarier , especially the radical ending . how cool was that?compared to night of the living dead , lucio fulci 's spaghetti thriller ; ZOMBIE or even sony 's resident evil flick which had scarier zombies 28 days fails to impress .
 It was the worst movle that I have ever seen . The movle never went anywere , Just the movle veiwers leaving the theater place have through .
 As a fan of any kind of movie that is loosely similiar to Zombies I had high hopes for this movie.No such luck.Despite the obvious homage to Omega Man and George Romero , this falls horribly short.From characters you do not care about , to plot holes to the choppy erratic cinematography that is in vogue now as a way to try and introduce tension , this movie fails on all counts.Can ' t understand what people find intriguing with this dissapointing use of celluloid.Save you money and watch Romero 's classics or even Omega Man .
 In the beginning of the film , the audience finds out that the infection in the laboratory monkeys is caused by rage . This leads the audience to believe that the movie will convey rage and its effects on human beings , thus making people compare the movie 's reality to that of their own . -LRB- Basically , people will be forced to look at their own lives and see how they need to change in order to make this world a better place . You would think this is another one of those `` wake up and smell the coffee movies '' that would try to get people to change their destructive behavoior . -RRB- This movie does NOT deliver this message however . Even if it tried to , the movie was just too violent and gruesome . Realities of the world can be shown in a smart , non-violent manner as well .28 Days Later delivers no strong message -LRB- s -RRB- to the audience and is just another waste of film and money .
 I give this `` 1 '' star , if I could give it less I would , one of the most boring movies I 've seen . And on top of that the DVD quality is very poor , I would compare it to watching a VHS tape.Watching this movie was a waste of time .
 This is not a zombie movie for those of you that think it is . It is about a monkey infected with rage being set free by some green peace type activists . First of all , if there is nudity in a movie it should not be a man ! Through out this entire movie people ran from infected people who can now run faster than a speeding train , and leap small buildings in a single bound . The killings where awefull ! It was that type of stobe light type death . I actually walked out of this movie . DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME . THIS IS NOT A ZOMBIE MOVIE ! subtract one star from my rating .
 It started out pretty good , but quickly went downhill . By the time it ended , this movie truly sucked . Do not waste your time on this . If you rent it I 'll guarantee you 'll shut it off half way through . If you buy it , you 'll sit and suffer as you watch the whole thing through . I mean you bought it so you HAVE to watch it right ? The story sucked , the soldiers sucked , and the ending REALLY sucked.Check out the special features . The alternative ending is a hoot . It 's not an alternative ending , it 's an alternative movie . They had no idea where the hell they were going with this . Just a bad bad bad movie . Terrible in every way .
 whoever decided to make a low budget movie and thought it would make alot of movie quick , was very correct ... this movie was promoted to be , scarier than the ring . It dindt even come close . This movie sucked so much , i left the theatre and demanded my money back , before i got a hour in to the movie ... i think the producer and director should never make a movie again ... if i could give this movie no stars on this review , i would give it negotive 10 stars ...
 28 days later is without a doubt the worst movie ever made , evenin britain or america . it is a libelious rip of the '' night of the living dead , dawn of the dead , and day of the dead '' trilogy that i am surprised george romero did n't sue for copyright infringement . but then again '' 28 days later '' was such an awful film beyond anyone 's comprehension that he did n't have to sue . no this film pretty much speaks for it 's awful . horrible scripting , horrible acting , slowpacing self.The film 's plot is that virus -LRB- yes like night of the living dead and romero 's flick '' the crazies '' -RRB- has infected many area of the uk . jim -LRB- cillian murphy -RRB- is apparently the only dumb smuck not infected along with a girl named selena -LRB- naomi harris -RRB- . well from here on out these two dimwits and their friend mark now fight of zombies i mean rage people with bats and a machete . lolIn order for the idiotic danny boyle to not appear as he is copying romero -LRB- which he does anyway -RRB- , he invents a new plot in middle . see the virus infects people and takes over within 30 seconds , whereas romero 's zombies start reacting after an hour or so of being dead.we get some shots of london and manchester but those shots didnt matter as the film is a mess . not even an entertaining mess , its just plain doggy doo.There is another rip of '' dawn of the dawn '' when jim , selena and their new friends frank and hannah , scourged and plunger an abandonded supermarket to their hearts contents . this is reminiscent of the abandonded shopping plaza where the '' survivors '' exploit the plaza while the zombies on the outside are trying to get in . what a rip . another scenes that rips of romero is where boyle for shock value has a young boy who has the disease attack jim . the scene ends with jim getting a baseball bat and killing the boy . this wasa bit of copy of the dead films like the first one where we see the first zombie girl in a zombie movie -LRB- the girl kills her mothers , then girl is killed herself -RRB- . Well the copying of Romero does n't end there because Jim and others find a military complex which is really an abandonded plaza where Major West -LRB- Christopher Eccleston -RRB- , an arrogant military commander attacks the rage people.Well the rip here is that West like Dr. Logan -LRB- from Day -RRB- has a zombie , I mean rage person on a leach trying to the dead thing new tricks . LOL My god as you can very well see '' 28 Days Later '' is a such rip of the great Romero it ai n't funny . However , it 's such a poor ripoff of the work of Romero that the movie fails at every level.There is hardly any suspense , until the last 10 minutes , the characters are horrible including Jim who by God is one of the ugliest actors I 've seen . The ending is cheesy and dumb.Mr . Cillian Murphy and others do such a poor job of acting that it 's hard to fathom that this guy will play a big lead in the next Batman movie -LRB- '' Batman Begins '' -RRB- .
 Okay . . all the folks who panned the original Blair Witch Project now have a new , and in my opinion , far worthier target for their disdain . To its credit -LRB- whether you liked it or not -RRB- BWP does n't try to be any more than it is ... a low budget film with no real script and pretty much unknown actors.Sadly , 28 Days Later is exactly the same thing , only it was promoted as the scariest movie since Exorcist and , otherwise , a `` brilliant and visionary '' film . . Visionary ? I think not.Here 's what I saw : A plot that , as correctly mentioned in other reviews , has been done before , many times and much better . As a side note , a friend told me that 28 Days Later is `` what Resident Evil , the movie , should have been . '' After seeing both , I can say that I disagree 120 % with that analysis . I do n't consider Resident Evil to be the pinnacle of horror movies ... but it 's * much * better done than 28DL ... atleast the zombies actually acted like * zombies * ... but I 'll get to that . Suffice it to say . . 28 Days Later is , in my opinion , nothing more than another `` me-too '' zombie horror flick with the whole , obligatory `` this is what happens when you mess with Mother Nature '' moral built in.Scary . Ha!If a bunch of people wearing orange/red contacts , doused with fake blood who are running around screaming and vomiting up mouths full of more fake blood on their victims , who then - only seconds later - turn into exactly the same blood-spitting screaming and raving lunatic is what you consider scary . . then this movie is for you.Suspenseful or Disturbing?The only part that got any kind of an emotional response out of me is when one of the survivors is brutally hacked down by one their own ... I chuckled at that.There were a couple other parts that I could * tell * were engineered to yield an emotional reaction . . they just did n't . All in all ... this is a very weak piece of movie-making that , for me anyway , failed to live up to any of what it promised .
 ZOMBIES , stupor letdown , -LSB- horror by COMITEE -RSB- -LSB- MAKE A BUCK -LSB- , film CONSULTANTS , despair ... -LSB- FROM ONCE cutting edge ; QUIRKY -RSB- directorANOMONOUS , . . TURNEDhollywood b movie BLAND , BOTTOM LINE THIS FILM LACKS FOCUS , ITS RARE MOMENTS OF QUIRKINESS ARE DESTROYED , EVERYWHERE . . false PHONY COMMITEE turns , -LSB- TREADS THE TIRED THE WELL WORN -RSB- , TOO safe , familar , . . HEAVENS forbid , into FORMULA . . they could of made an original DARK DEPRESSING SCARY MOVIE HERE fitting the subject , ever notice , how the novelty of being alone , HERE IS TREATED AS A shallow GIMmICK , A QUIET NO ONE IS HOME CITY grave ANYMORE , SCARY TURNS PREDICtABLE , -LSB- THE HERO SHAVES -RSB- and HES PRENTABLE , and hes got beautiful clear blueLENSES FOR EYES , the ARMY BAD GUYS ... DumB men without women . . ; soon -LSB- PREMISE -RSB- TURN BESTIAL -LSB- CARNIVOROUS RABID UGLY HORNY \ , KINDA LIKE A METAPHOR , MORAL INFRINGEMENT -LSB- ON GORE AND VIOLENCE , TOO OBVIOUS WHOSE WORSE THEM OR US ? 28 DAYS LATTER YOU MIGHT JUST WAKE UP DeaD IN LOVE -LSB- DEJA VU -RSB- BUT WITH A HAPPY SAPPY , MAYBE its a DATE MOVIE , NO FEEDING
 28 Days Later was one of the worst movies I have ever seen . I am a horror movie fanatic ; 28 Days Later was disappointing . It did n't even make much sense . Truthfully , it is not even worthy of being rated 1 star . I tried to make the best out of the movie though . At first it will put you to sleep , but it got a little interesting throughout , but overall , it is a horrible movie . The ending is terrible . It 's not even really a `` horror movie . '' There is no action in the movie whatsoever . I ca n't honestly say one good thing about this movie . This movie was a BIG MISTAKE .
 What a stinker of a movie . Comparing this waste of good DVD media to the `` Exorcist '' has to make one laugh . Without a doubt , the most frightening part of this movie was the fact that I paid $ 10.00 for it.If they really wanted to make it more interesting , a fourth ending might show the cast , crew , and writers searching for a better scripe for there next movie .
 This is simply a nonsensical and unneeded remake of `` Day of the Triffids '' with zombie humans replacing alien plants . What else is there to say but
 This movie was extremely overrated . It didnt make me jump once and I actually started to fall asleep while I was watching this . I wonder how much of the actual movie wound up on the chopping block . ONe of my acquaintances , David Schow wrote the screenplay for a movie called Leatherface which got cut to shreds on the preproduction floor so I realize how that can happen . If you want to see a really disturbing and truly scary movie see Cabin Fever its much better .
 As a zombie fan , I was very excited about a supposedly classy zombie film fresh out of the UK . Major letdown -- even ` Children Should n't Play With Dead Things ' had a better script . I would have fallen asleep if I were n't so annoyed with how despicably Romero was ripped off . There are a handful of great zombie movies ; there are legions of entertaining zombie B movies ; and there are a handful of miserable zombie movies . '28 Days Later ' is , sadly , in the final category .
 i am a huge fan of horror movies so when i heard this movie was the scariest thing since the exorcist , i checked it out right away.oh my god , do n't believe it . i actually laughed when that kids dad got infected.not worth a moment of your time .
 I just watched this film and am quite perplexed as to how it garnered good reviews and so much attention when it was theatrically released . Shot on digital video , this is an extremely cheap , visually ugly film which rips off George Romero 's zombie trilogy , especially elements of Day of the Dead -LRB- the weakest of the Romero trilogy -RRB- and also adds in what are now hoary cliches from other post-apocalypse films . The film 's one inventive touch is that the virally infected do n't lumber around aimlesly but are infused with an almost superhuman strength and speed . Other than that , I wo n't belabor you with my litany of complaints about this film , since there 's already a surfeit of negative reviews posted . However , I was particularly offended by the deliberate stupidity of some the plot , such as the infected soldier who is chained up , who you just KNOW is going to get loose to wreak havoc , and the putative hero Jim 's act of setting him free , and the whole last act of the film .
 Wow , was this movie a disappointment ! On the DVD box it is suggested that this is a `` terrifying film . '' Try boring and un-scary instead . It is `` terrifyingly bad '' and should n't even be considered a `` horror '' film at all .
 28 days later I still feel the same . This has got to be the most over rated movie of all time . Before watching this turkey every critic and every review was boosting this crap . Saying how original the movie is , how terrifying it is and how great the directing is , boy have they changed since . Where was the originality ? Where 's the terror ? What Directing ? There 's hardly no action , no blood and theirs nothing in it that could scare a six year old . Do n't believe the hype , if you want to watch some thing scary try the Ring , Exorcist , anything but this . I have never been so bored in my like , however , on the good side , if you have trouble sleeping then definitely rent this .
 Points
 This movie likes to think that it has a very original plot . It does not . This movie is a pathetic attempt on a plot that has been used over and over again in much better movies . The acting sucks and the movie is so BORING . I couldnt wait for it to be over . There was a total lack of suspense and the opening of the film is the the most boring and mundane that I have ever seen . P.S. . This movie is NOT scary . Anyone that thinks so has a very very limited experience with horror . Skip this crap .
 I wanted to love this movie . I really did . I love zombie films . But this film not only falls apart on its own logic , it `` borrows '' heavily from the zombie films that came before . In the film , a virus has gotten out of a research facility and spreads throughout England , transforming the general populace into mindless maniacs -LRB- or zombies , as Danny Boyle referred to them -RRB- . The main characters quickly find themselves in a world thrown into chaos , and discover that the rampaging hordes outside might not be the worst thing they have to face.Okay , without giving to much away , let me explain the movie 's basic zombie logic . A human being is infected with the virus -LRB- which should n't have gotten out of the research facility it was in in the first place -RRB- , and then turns into a highly aggressive killer . Now , those infected are n't dead . They 're still living human beings . But they kill everyone they meet . But if they kill every un-infected person they meet , how are there more of them ? Would n't they kill themselves off ? Apparantly there are thousands , if not millions , of wounds being delivered , but no killing , I guess . Oh man , such scary monsters.This movie also reeks of the classic Romero trilogy . You can literally call off scenes from Night , Dawn , and Day of the Dead that are in 28 Days Later . It 's like watching a Cliff 's Notes version of the trilogy , but with less logic . If you 're in the mood for a good zombie film , check out any of the Romero films , Dead Alive , or Evil Dead 2 . But do n't waste your time with this one .
 Just another Dawn of the Dead copyier . Was awful do n't waist your money . Watch Resident Evil instead !!!!
 Wasnt the worst ive ever seen but it was bad . It wasnt a horribly bad movie . The begining of the film looked promising and original and kept your interest for the first hour or hour and a half but the end sucked . Started getting repetitive and boring in the last hour . Had promise but disapointed . Id definetly recomend this over the zombie movie Resident evil which was about 1 and a half stars . This is a 2.5 or 3 stars . It had cool looking zombies and an interesting plot but overall fell short and disapointed . Also on the back cover it says -LRB- scarier than the exorcist -RRB- - THATS a JOKE . It got old after awhile and Its nowhere near as scary as the classic horror movies . Its sci fi . Another comment on the back says -LRB- it will haunt you for days -RRB- - ANOTHER JOKE . Id recomend this to you if you like sci fi or zombies just to see it but I wouldnt recomend it to you if you are not into that .
 This movie was hyped a lot , but by the time I saw it , I just did n't feel it was very scary or shocking.I really liked the scene that the Ave Maria was playing over 'cause that 's good music , but the move never really takes off.There 's a bit where a bunch of CGI rats come running through and I 'm thinking , cor ! It 's finally beginning . But no , not really.If you look at some classic zombie films , like Dawn of the Dead or Day of the Dead , there are zombies who stand out . A hare Christina , Bub , the clown . And topping the bland zombies is an even blander cast of humans.Even the worst Italian low budget zombie films , like Zombie 3 & 4 are more entertaining.This is , like , art , or something and so is n't allowed to be entertaining .
 Buy the DVD for < $ 10 . Your Blu-ray player will upscale the SD video so that it is indistinguishable from the Blu-ray . I 'm sure they put this movie on Blu-ray because it was shot almost entirely with a digital camera . So , the transfer was quick . Unfortunately , the movie was shot with one of the early Canon X Series digital camcorders . So , the resolution for `` hi-def '' simply does not exist . They upscaled the SD digital image before putting it on the Blu-ray , but any Blu-ray player will upscale the DVD for you . BUY THE DVD . THIS IS A RIPOFF ON BLU-RAY .
 When initial reports about Danny Boyle 's `` 28 Days Later '' began filtering in to my headquarters , I exulted aloud about the possibilities of a resurgence of the zombie genre . Could we dare hope for a return to the days when films like Lucio Fulci 's `` Zombie '' and the Romero pictures appeared with frightening regularity ? Well , all hopes for more pictures featuring the walking dead , at least in the traditional sense , dimmed considerably after I finally watched this movie . Boyle 's oeuvre commences with one slam-bang scene after another before settling down to a rather mundane series of events . An uneven movie in every respect , `` 28 Days Later '' did not maintain this viewer 's interest . This zombie picture does not improve significantly on the traditional shambling dead films of the 1970s and 1980s . History will consign it to the cinematic ash heap labeled with the `` They tried but could not quite pull it off '' tag . A true pity since the filmmakers actually explored a few intriguing ideas that should have worked.Jim -LRB- Cillian Anderson -RRB- wakes up from a coma to an unfamiliar world . There does not seem to be anyone around , not in his room nor in the entire hospital . Wandering through the deserted corridors , all he finds is desolation and destruction . Litter drifts along the floors , chairs and equipment lie in heaps , and an eerie silence hangs oppressively . Jim 's sense of awe about his surroundings grows by leaps and bounds as he walks out into the street . He finds no one , not a single , solitary living soul anywhere in the city . His footfalls echo down abandoned London streets as birds soar amidst the silent buildings . The occasional wrecked automobile and a bulletin board plastered inches deep with missing person notices hint at some sort of enormously ominous event having occurred while Jim slumbered on a gurney . With no other place to go in the immediate vicinity , he wonders into a church only to espy mounds of bodies heaped in the pews . Then , he hears a roar of rage . As Jim turns to flee the building , a priest lurches out of a shadowy doorway , moving strangely and mumbling unintelligibly . The man of the cloth suddenly charges our hero , and the game is afoot . As he races from the church and retreats down the street chased by several of these people , two strangers rescue him by heaving Molotov cocktails at the pursuers . Congratulations . You just finished watching the best part of `` 28 Days Later . `` Jim learns from his two saviors that a virus unleashed from a medical lab by a bunch of save the earth types swept England , turning ordinary citizens into frothing at the mouth zombies fueled by an boundless rage . The living attempted to leave the country even as the virus spread to points beyond the United Kingdom . As soldiers set up roadblocks throughout the country , civilization gave way to anarchy . After Jim learns his parents took the easy way out , and after a close call with one of the rage filled zombies that resulted in the demise of one of his rescuers , he and Selena -LRB- Naomie Harris -RRB- meet up with Frank -LRB- Brendan Gleeson -RRB- and his daughter Hannah -LRB- Megan Burns -RRB- . The four set out for a checkpoint that is still sending a radio signal promising a cure . After a lengthy trip that bonds the four together , they discover that the soldiers at the military installation do not promise a cure . These motley men , led by a Major Henry West -LRB- Christopher Eccleston -RRB- , are largely content to defend their perimeter from the occasional zombie incursions . Moreover , as time goes by the men begin to show sinister interest in Selena and Hannah , much to the consternation of Jim . What started out as a promising film loaded with suspense rapidly disintegrates into a rather pedestrian attack on the big old bad military . `` 28 Days Later '' still sports heaping quantities of gore , solid performances from a mostly unknown cast , and a strong central premise . The idea that rage could one day turn people into mindless zombies is a good one . When you have zombies , you also have suspense , which Boyle realizes through several tension filled scenes in a dark tunnel and in an abandoned roadside marketplace -LRB- shades of `` Dawn of the Dead '' in the latter -RRB- . The use of digital cinematography works well by giving the movie a candy colored dream-like quality that makes the violence all the more effective when zombies burst on the scene out of nowhere . It 's so heartbreaking that Boyle allowed the picture to turn into a by the numbers chase movie after the group arrives at the military base . The massive PR campaign launched when this film came out , and the attendant hubbub among the horror crowd , probably insures that a sequel could amble down the road in the near future . The conclusion of the film should quell rumors of a `` 28 Days Later , Part 2 '' - would they call it `` 31 Days Later '' ? - but always remember good box office receipts never stopped Hollywood from trying.The DVD contains more extras than you would expect on a single disc . It offers commentaries , deleted scenes , a behind the scenes featurette , storyboards , a music video , galleries , and three disappointing alternate endings . One of these conclusions consists of nothing other than storyboards with voice-overs from the filmmakers . The other two offer nothing radically different from the one we get in the film . Thinking about the picture in retrospect , I am surprised that I can not find the heart to recommend it . Horror fans will obviously see it no matter what anyone says , as I did , but moviegoers looking for a scary movie could do much better by choosing amongst a host of other similarly themed films that work much better than this one .
 The movie is not what I expected ... and that 's a bad thing . I mean , the movie was good for awhile and keeps me at the edge of my seat . -LRB- Which by the way , the movie is about a man that survives not having a virus in him that makes him evil and scary with red eyes , who 's trying to get the heck out of there . It 's like `` Resident Evil '' . -RRB- But in the end , that 's what I do n't get and makes me mad that I waste my uncle -LRB- s -RRB- or auntie -LRB- s -RRB- money ! Sorry ! :-LRB- So , do n't watch it !
 The ending killed this movie . I would have given it four stars if the ending had left a sour feeling in my stomach , but it did n't . The `` what if '' alternate ending is a little better , but , without giving anything away , the ending was just too happy . The first hour and a half of this movie were terrific , I was spellbound , but everything just fell apart in the last twenty minutes and the ending was just so typical . The ending was so bad that it reminded me of your average , run of the mill Hollywood horror movie . This brought to mind the bad ending of the novel `` Hannibal '' by Thomas Harris . I read 700 pages of pure bliss only to be totally let down in the last chapter . This is what 28 Days later did for me . I hope Danny Boyle 's next movie is as good as `` Trainspotting . ''
 Sadly , it 's NOT a sequel to Sandra Bullock 's '28 Days ' - I think I would have enjoyed it more if it had have been.I thought it would have been creepy . It was n't . I thought the main characters would have ended up being infected . They were n't . The underlying love story ? Adam & Eve nonsense , two people forced together , due to them having to repopulate the world or whatever.So what exactly was the point of this film ? It seemed disjointed , and seemed to have no idea what direction it wanted to go in . And I nearly fell asleep during it , although I was coming close , and struggling to keep my eyes open , when thankfully it got switched off . Only kidding . It got paused . But that gave me the chance to wake myself and splash my face with cold water . And then I watched the rest of the film . Interesting as it was.It 's a British film , which means Americans would n't like it , but if they 'd done this kind of film , they probably would have over-dramatised it and maybe made a better job . -LRB- I said maybe -RRB- Being a British movie , it had a real edge to it , to see what Danny Boyle was going to come up with now.The whole love story was totally dense , and felt like it was put together at the last moment . And for any ladies reading this , would you honestly go up to a guy and kiss him , when he 's covered in blood ? Something tells me you would n't . Why did there have to be a love story anyway?There are actually some good points to this movie . Seeing main cities , like London , completely deserted . No people , no cars , nothing . It felt rather eerie.If you like these kind of non-interesting movies , which no one else owns , or even likes , then sure , go for it . Just do n't expect a sequel to 28 Days .
 I thought that the movie could have been a lot better . The acting was somewhat to be desired but it did have a couple of shocking moments.It reminded me to much of night of the living dead with a little twist on the zombies ... rage ... . I thought that Night of the Living dead was far better . God I hope they do n't make a sequel to this movie .
 Decent film marred by various illogicalities and derivative plot identical to Cronenberg 's Rabid and Romero 's Living Dead films . I did n't care about the characters , mainly because their actions were often unbelievably idiotic . Take for example a scene at night -- with rabid zombies roaming about -- our protagonists squabble about falling in love and f**king . Stupid . Another moment that sticks in my memory involves the silly third act , with Cillian Murphy freeing a shackled zombie at the military outpost in hopes that it will `` naturally '' kill the nefarious soldiers who are holding his two friends captive . Also , the demise of the character played by Christopher Eccleston , who 's hiding in a car , waiting for our heroes , shoots Cillian 's character -LRB- Jim -RRB- ; Brendan Gleeson 's daughter takes off in the car with Eccleston -- going in reverse -- and `` naturally '' drives next to the aforementioned zombie . The zombie busts through the back of the car , taking Eccleston . Ridiculous.This film has nothing on Cronenberg and Romero .
 My wife hates horrors , I love them , but if she says this is not horror at all , beleve her it is not . I liked the idea of creating fresh apocalyptic event , the virus named `` rage '' that spreads with the speed of light . The movie should have ended within the first 5 min when you realise that everyone is dead just few people here and there that are not going to last long enough to keep the humanity alive . But the movie drags on further to show you how those survivors act in this apocalyptic event.In just 28 days the virus infects the whole world - at least that is what director wants you to beleive at the begining of the movie . The end shows it is not the whole world just the island that was quarantineed to stop the spread . So the complete point of the movie was to show how humanity behavies in this horrific event ... Not worthed watching at all.This movie is not horror at all , the only scary thing is the idea of having virus like that infect us . I would say that even a kid can watch this movie despite the bloddy scenes . Infected humans that attack only at night are far from scary zombies seen in other horrors.In few words this movie lacks all elements of good film but most of all its scenario was poor and draged over full lenght completly not neccesary and almost no action or dynamics , maybe few scenes but they were completely out of synch with revealing the plot -LRB- if there is anything to be revealed , it is just too transparent and predicatable from begining -RRB- I would give it 2 for the efforts put into it , and for some good ability of the director to make something out of such a lowsy script.One of the worst movies I 've ever watched .
 `` 28 Day `` s starts out well . Yes , you see `` Omega Man '' -LRB- not to mention the best of all - the fine 1964 Vincent Price film `` Last Man on Earth '' -RRB- and Romero 's Dead films . But there 's a trippy topical newness to the start of 28 Days , as animal rights terrorists -LRB- and there are such groups -RRB- release a havoc causing virus into the British population . The jerky camera work is effective , in the short term . And up until Jim and his little group gets out of London , there is some serious dread . -LRB- The zombies are the most jacked up zombies in the horror canon . -RRB- But the movie 's mixed signals start multiplying quickly . I suppose one should n't think too hard about the story , but the genius of Romero -LRB- and others -RRB- , is that you keep it somewhat simple . For example , `` 28 Days '' hints at Jim 's Catholicism , even has some music to reinforce it , and then does nothing with it . Next , you have bike-courier Jim carrying on like a Special Forces guy , kicking both zombie and bad soldier behind . Rambo or St. Francis ? One reason I rode with this split for a while , is that there were hints that there may or may not be something wrong with Jim . Was he infected in some way ? A hybrid ? Who knows ? He certainly has his I-love-violence moments where one could draw parallels , due to the obvious direction of the film , between him and the zombies . And in one scene , he goes out of his way to seek it out . But the dots are never connected . And then there 's whole second half of the movie , which is a wash . The rogue soldiers looking for women to start their new world seems pretty silly and contrived even by horror flick standards . What 's also silly is how these same heavily armed soldiers ca n't kill a single zombie or bike courier in the movie 's last 10 minutes . Jeez , these guys are soft when something bad gets in the house . The mean little kids from `` Lord of the Flies '' could of done more with less.So in other words , 28 Days fails for quite a few reasons . Yes , it has energy and is stylish -LRB- especially if you like strobe lights -RRB- , at least for about 20 or 30 minutes . And then the virus wears off . And it 's only those effective minutes that get the two stars .
 This movie wants to be great and could have been great . But it 's almost as if two people were arguing when they wrote it
 I rented 28 days later based on coworkers hype about thismovie . I was a bit disappointed that the movie was solow budget looking . Also , the movie lacked a lot of thehumor that I expect in these kind of movies . I guess themovie was suppossed to shock more than entertain , butthat 's not why I go to the movies .
 WELL ! It is a bit like Woody Allen 's `` Sleeper '' - waking up from a coma to find that things ` have changed - somewhat ' ~ then of course Vinnie the P 's Version `` The Last Man On Earth '' in glorious black and white shot in the deserted Olympic Italian village circa 1961 is it ? That 's the bleakest - not forgetting Charlton Heston 's odd remake ... This one 's somewhat predictable - and somewhat yes - enjoyable as our rainbow troupe of survivors plod their way to salvation acress merry olde england.Chilling too since labs are open prey today and lord knows what ` walks amongst us ' these days.More of the plague stricken would have been fun along the lines of `` Living dead of the Manchester Morgue '' - but not too happy with the way Anglo-Africans are seemingly exploited in this flick ... . unpleasant.The male nudity ? Not quite necessary ... footnote ~ anti-radiation pills are currently available -LSB- no kiddin ' -RSB- should one invest ???
 This movie is very shallow . It has a good idea but not a good story line . The British tried to make a good movie but did not succeed . There is unnecessary nudity in the movie especially since the only show the guy naked . Unless you see this movie for free , do n't waste your time or money .
 Sooooo stupid , ugly , depressing , that even having Cillian Murphy in it ca n't save it .
 What was this ? I could n't tell if it was horror movie , or a movie like Signs , where it 's a drama and the aliens were just to make the religous story more interesting . And the brief comic relief scene in the supermarket did n't even go into place . One second there 's suspenseful scary music and the next there 's comical music with `` funny '' scenes . It was very confusing and just not right.I love the idea . That is what drew me to watch this in the first place . If they kept going with that , this would be a great horror film . Every horror film they make nowadays has the combination of horror , drugs , and sex , and it normally does n't work . The movie starts off with newsflashes . A monkey is connected to this machine and he 's watching the news , bad news , causing him to be infected with rage . That 's alright , untill an animal rights group comes in and free 's all of the infected monkeys , ignoring one of the scientist 's warnings . One of the monkey 's kill a member of the group and ... 28 Days Later ... We see a nude man waking up in a hospital bed . This is Jim . After putting on a robe and walking outside he finds a deserted city . Unaware of anything that has happened in the past 28 days , Jim walks around the empty city yelling `` Hello ?! '' and getting no answer . Thats is untill he opens the door to a church and finds the pews filled with zombie like creatures -LRB- still good , so far -RRB- and gets attacked by a rabid priest . Running away into the night he is cornered by more of the zombie creatures , but is saved by Selena and Mark , two uninfected people who inform him never to go out at night , which is when the infected come out.Jim discovers that his parents are dead . He joins Selena , who killed Mark after he became infected , and the two meet two more surviors Frank and his daughter Hannah , who have locked themselves in thier apartment . After a few days of staying with them , they hear a radio broadcast from Major Henry West , promising a sanctuary of some sort , and the four head off to get there , whilst dealing with the monsters who now roam the U.K. in the messed up world.The film went down under sometime during their quest to get to the sanctuary . I 'll give you the clue of about two minutes after Frank kicks a fence . The last forty five minutes in the miltary retreat was pointless . It changed the entire point and plotline of this movie . Nothing happened but useless conversation and a non-suspense rape subject sequence.The most gory scene is when Selena kills Mark about he becomes infected . It comes almost at the very beginning so it 's not like I 'm ruining anything for you . It was horrible . Extremly graphic and horrify , I was shocked about that . Just the idea is horrible , and not the actually blow . The movie is n't scary after the first half hour-forty five minutes . It 's just plain disturbing . So is the part I liked . It 's becomes to a point where the content of the film is scary , but the plot . Just the idea of it all . Wait for the video.ENJOY!Rated R for strong violence and gore , language and nudity .
 ok 1st im gon na say i hate this film mostly because it isnt what i expected ; which is to say that it isnt what EVERYONE seems to referr to it as : a zombie movie THIS IS ABSOLUTELY NOT A ZOMBIE MOVIE.just so we 're all clear on what exactly makes a zombie film here it is : ZOMBIES there are none in this movie not one.dont believe the lies these are not zombies -LRB- or ghouls -RRB- they are not reanimated corpses they are disease victims.if you stab them they can bleed to death they can starve/dehydrate and you dont have to shoot them in the head to kill them . this is 1 of the worst cases of perpetuated misrepresentation i have ever seen this is merely another plague movie all well and good -LRB- though not generally my thing -RRB- but dont try to fool people into thinking this is a revolutionary zombie flick when its not -LRB- even though they did STEAL THE PLOT FOR THE 1ST 3 ROMERO DEAD FILMS and shoe horn them into 1 -RRB- i do not like nor do i respect this fake film.in fact the makers of this film should be dragged in front of REAL horror fans to explain their actions if they can not explain their actions feed them to the zombies -LRB- let them eat flesh -RRB- these people are hacks and i offer them NO respect except that they were able to fund this atrocity and have it marketed as a zombie film!good camera angles good acting but the scariest thing in the film your going to get is the car alarm -LRB- and if loud noises count as truly scary i got a baby 4 u that will provide a whole new horror in a diaper -RRB- this movie is right up there with the scream/i dont care what you did last summer school of worthlessness if you love real horror movies avoid like the plague
 Have n't seen such terrible movie for a long time !! The idea is old . You can pretty much predict what 's gon na happen next which is terrible for an action movie . The worst is this kinda stories usually end up with no where to go and so does this movie . I believe those people who made the film still wandering around what they gon na do for the end during the hooting and that 's why you can see the alternative endings in the DVD . I do n't even what to see those endings because they will still lead NO WHERE ! Bottom line
 What an incredible waste of time , I ca n't believe that I sat and watched the whole thing . If I could give it a negative rating I would . The real shame about this movie is that the premise is possible , making it potentially horrifying . Unfortunately , the most horrifying thing about this movie was the acting.The characters were poorly developed and the character interaction was so completely ridiculous that it made the movie unbelievable . The dialog was idiotic and so poorly delivered that I started hoping that the protagonists would be kiled , just so that they would shut up . I was really hoping that Cillian Murphy would be eaten alive , or at least knocked unconcious .
 Obviously other people saw things in this movie that I did n't . Either that or they 're very easily pleased.If one word could describe 28 Days After , that word would be `` pointless '' . It starts out as your typical flesh-eating zombie movie , and continues in the same vein until the end ... yet nothing ever happens ! Ever ! People go hither and yon for no reason . Most of the people who are n't zombies are no less wicked , but again for no reason or purpose . A supposed military unit , despite having secured their area , degenerates into a band of undisciplined rapists and thugs ... But why?You 'd be better off watching the clothes dryer go round and round than to spend time and money on this ... If you want to watch a decent zombie movie , stick with Night of the Living Dead .
 Having recently viewed this movie , I can honestly say this is a must miss for all horror fans . First the good , the sound track was really well placed and worked great , if you are a gore fan , there was plenty of it , and I really liked that they did not try to just keep things jumping out at you , they wo n't more for a pyschological thriller . However , they failed on the pyschological thrill . The movie was just walking and more walking , the few short action sequences where good -LRB- but there was only about 3 of them -RRB- . Honestly you just walk out of the theatre rather bored and feeling like you 've been it for 28 days , it fails to have any impact and comes off as rather comical .
 With the exception of the opening 10 minutes , 28 Days Later fails completely . The scenes of the Jim -LRB- Cillian Murphy -RRB- walking around an abandoned , completely deserted London are creepy and un-nerving . The scenes that hint at mystery and unknown danger are far more intriguing than the rest of the movie.As soon as Jim hooks up with other survivors the scares are lost . Danny Boyle stupidly telegraphs every jump to the point of disqualification . When the survivors leave London and are ` rescued ' by a bunch of thuggish army louts it degenerates into extremely cruddy sub-straight-to-video nonsense . I 've never seen a film lose its way so badly as this . What could have been really exciting and scary ends up being too cheap and confused.There are hardly any ` zombies ' in this movie . Any action or thrills are over within seconds and the complete lack of logical thinking -LRB- even within the morally bankrupt army -RRB- becomes annoying.It did appreciate the raw-looking photography , it gave the movie a realistic edge but it 's soon ruined as the plot meanders and does n't know what to do . Cillian Murphy was quite good as the hero but the woman playing Selena was too brutish and hostile to be sympathetic . I did like Brendan Gleeson 's character but he was n't in it long enough.Mainly , 28 Days Later suffers badly from minimal plotting , awkward characters , a distinct lack of scares and a corny ending that 's out of sync with everything that preceded it . Danny Boyle should NOT attempt horror again.The DVD is in 1.78:1 anamorphic widescreen with Dolby 5.1 sound . Extras include a commentary , documentary and deleted scenes . The cut scenes -LRB- and alternate ending -RRB- are worthless and not interesting.For a superior and more exciting zombie movie wait for the new Dawn of the Dead to hit DVD . In the meantime , rent this one .
 A very tacky , politically correct , horror sci/film that has nothing going for it except for a generic screenplay , bad acting , and very cheap special effects.The story starts with Jim -LRB- Cillian Murphy -RRB- waking up in deserted hospital in the middle of London . He soon realizes that the entire city is deserted and the film goes back in time to tell us how it got that way . It so happens that humans have been infected by a rage virus which takes 28 days to incubate . The virus was in experimental chimps who were freed by overzealous animal activists . The film then becomes a cat-and-mouse thriller between normal humans and infected humans.A very bland film with politically correct undertones about the value of liberal activists and the dangers of the military establishment . A very contrived film with a cheap plot , lousy acting , and lousier still special effects . Avoid at all costs !
 Yikes , another Euro Road trip through empty city-scapes , pursued by red-eyed zombies , with lots of close angle shots in the rain . It 's dog soldiers meets night of the living dead . Let the plague take this one . . I wo n't miss it , but you should .
 I like this movie , I like a Zombies movies but in this case i like the movie en DVD more years ago , and now i buy the movie on Blu , but the images is terrific , the DVDs is better than blu , of corse in this case only.Fox you must to change de quality , you boy a blu ray but it it not blu ray
 When i went to the movies to see 28 days later , i was excited . I was hoping to see a very scary movie ... it turned out i saw a movie that could of been very good or very bad . . it was very bad . while the specail effects -LRB- of the zombies -RRB- were very good indeed , but the story was very slow ! this film did deliver a creepy way of transforming humans into zombies and a very creepy way the zombies attack he humans . The film needed more suspense and action added to it .
 I was very disappointed in this movie . It is dull . It is not scary . It has very few ideas , once you get past the main ones . I think it 's safe to say that , despite what the ads promised , zombie horror remains steadfastly NOT re-invented , nor is this `` Scary as Hell . `` The problems begin soon after Jim , our protagonist , awakes . He wanders around empty London for like five minutes , as I thought `` This is getting boring . '' Then the ALT-ROCK SOUNDTRACK -LRB- it survived the apocalypse !! -RRB- kicks in , and then he wanders around empty London for FIVE MORE MINUTES !!!! This is endemic of the whole movie
 A major , major disappointment derived from a clever but thin premise
 Now let me see if I 've got this straight . A virus has been released that is so fast acting and potent that completely eradicates any need to explain what it is as well as the plot of this movie . We do not know why zombies have red eyes , hate the sun -LRB- are they vampire zombies -RRB- ? Or why they have to puke their guts out ! -LRB- Are they bulemic -RRB- ? We then come across a man named Tim lying in a hospital bed completely naked . Apparently the hospitals in England -LRB- or where ever it was -RRB- do n't dress their patients in hospital gowns or even cover them up in sheets . He is apparently there for a head wound that is n't even bandaged up.ANYWAY he gets out of bed , finds some clothes and goes wandering the steets that have been deserted yelling `` Hello ? '' to nobody . This is the only dialogue spoken for what seemed liked 10-15 minutes . Despite the fact that there are no cops around he gets scared off by a car alarm.ANYWAY he goes into a church where he finds a massive group of bodies laying there . As it turns out they are zombies because our guy yells `` Hello ? '' and wakes them up . -LRB- Zombies need sleep ? -RRB- After fending off a zombie priest , he takes to the streets again and wanders them until he comes across 2 people still alive but who very nearly kill him because they think he 's a zombie . They then go to Tim 's parents ' house . Tim 's parents are lying peacefully dead in their bedroom . But at least they were considerate enough to leave him a note before they died ! After they 've raided the pantry , zombies burst in and are easily killed by the film 's heroine . After they leave Tim 's parents ' house they go off in search of more survivors . They eventually find a man and his daughter in an apartment complex . They are able to find them because the guy and his daughter put up Christmas lights outside their window which is completely visible from the street . And they wonder why so many zombies find them!ANYWAY they discover a radio transmission broadcast by what sounds like the military and the promise of salvation . So they set out trying to find this place riding along the countryside -LRB- and not seeing a single zombie in sight -RRB- . Along the way they get a flat tire in a tunnel filled with abandoned cars . With zombies bearing down on them they make the fastest tire change in history with the 13 year old girl tightening down the lugnuts . -LRB- She 's strong ! -RRB- This European car thens climbs on top of and drives over an entire gridlock full of cars !!! Maybe the rage virus got into the engine and turned it into A RAGIN ' MONSTER TRUCK !!! And despite the fact that they could not hide from the zombies in the most obscure places they are somehow able to sleep outdoors in the great wide open completely unbothered !!! Eventually , they find a group of military vehicles . The father turns into a zombie when a single drop of infected blood falls from somewhere and hits him right in the eye . BULLSEYE !!! The soldiers appear out of nowhere and gun down the father . The soldiers then take Tim , the heroine , and the daughter to a house being used as a compound . We then learn the real reason the soldiers put out that radio signal is because they 're -LSB- lonely -RSB- ! They want the heroine and the daughter -LRB- who looks all of 13 years old -RRB- for sex . Tim decides that is n't right so he starts a fight with the soldiers and releases a zombie the soldiers had been keeping as a pet . The zombie has fun feasting on the soldiers . Chaos ensues , and eventually they make their getaway in their car driven by the daughter who plows right into a cast iron fence with a big chain on it . Do n't worry , they all survive and live happily ever after in a nice farmhouse that does n't have any bedsheets because they 've stitched them all together in a big sign that says HELLO.Uh , hello ? Come on people , we can do better than this , ca n't we ?
 I just got a BD player a month or two ago , to go along with my Samsung 67 '' 1080P TV . I bought WALL-E , LOST S4 and the Dark Night as soon as they were available . AMAZING experiences , all of them . BD really makes a difference on a big screen . I also rented a number of recent releases , and each one of them stunned me in clarity and color and contrast . So after all that , I assumed that all BDs were amazingly superior to their DVD counterparts . Given that assumption , I was so excited when 28DL came out on BD . I LOVE that move , and I have it on DVD . I wanted so bad to see it in glorious HD . WHAT A COMPLETE JOKE ! If anything , this BD looks WORSE than the DVD . How can they get away with selling this on BD ?! I wish I 'd read the reviews before purchasing this turd.I did learn a valuable lesson though
 I would not recommend you to see this horrible movie . First off , the ending was ridiculous . It started off with promise along the line with Kubrick 's `` A Clockwork Orange , '' and then it turned into a very Hollywood version of `` Gunfight and the OK Corral . '' For this , Boyle left Hollywood for indie filmmaking ??? Another problem I had with this movie was its implausibility . If the infecteds were filled with rage to kill -- then why were they killing only the uninfected people and not each other ? Finally , I also had a problem with the ending . I wo n't spoil it for those who have n't seen the movie yet -- just let me say that it was a major letdown . Very corny . Boyle has a good eye for filmmaking . Maybe one of these days he 'll actually make a good movie .
 One of the worst films I 've ever had to endure ... went to it based on good reviews here -LRB- yuck -RRB- and my positive experience with previous work -LRB- trainspotting -RRB- ... characters were narrow , boring and depth of a wading pool ... with the woman as usual victums and `` love '' interest developed upon NO substance ... if you are young , boring , uneducated , I recommend you see this loaded so you can enjoy , otherwise -- skip it !
 The quality of the blu-ray is about the poorest I have ever seen . What was the purpose of the transfer ? I wish we 'd kept the DVD.And , by the way , the front insert says , `` BEYOND HIGH DEFINITION . '' Total lie . Total rip-off .
 So sad when I got to watch one of my favorite movies in `` hi def '' and the picture quality seamed worse then the dvd . Felt like watching a vhs someone had spilled beer on .
 The Blu-Ray video quality for much of the movie is so bad , it 's worse than the average movie on DVD . The last few scenes are better , but for much of the movie you will be wincing at how ugly the picture is . DO NOT BUY !!!
 I may have enjoyed this movie better if I had not already seen two other versions before this . The first version was called The last man on Earth with Vincent Price-he was left alone to survive when a virius wiped out the population changing them to zombies . The second version was called The Omega Man - he was left alone when a virius wiped out the population changing them to vampires . In 28 Days the hero is left alone -LRB- almost -RRB- to survive when a virus wipes out the populatiion and changes them to zombie/vampires . It starts out pretty bad when some animal rights people break in to a highly secure building of secret experiments without any trouble at all . They get inside and blindly release some chimps carring the Disease called `` Rage '' of course the chimps attack the animal rights people and rage spreads from there . 28 days later a guy in a coma wakes up to a empty London and he connects with a few survivers and they try to survive . The ending is bad , like they just threw it together becaus they were running out of disc space or somthing . be prepared for a lot of throwing up by the zombies too . Could have been a good re-make with todays special effects but it crashes and burns leaving the viewer feeling drained , bored and weak .
 Ok , think with me
 1 - A virus that infects it 's host and manifests all its symptoms in 20 seconds `` 20 seconds2 - The virus is spread by contact with the blood and saliva of the infected . So guess what are survivors weapons of choice are . Machetes and Clubs .3 - Hacking up the Infected with there Clubs and Machetes , never seems to leave are survivors dripping in there victims Blood and becoming Infected themselves .4 - If the Infected are mindless and full of rage , why do n't they attack each other ? 5 - Society has fallen , cant they manage to pick up a few firearms , from all of those over run military blockades and dump the clubs and swords ? 6 - If the Virus makes it 's victims into raged filled killing machines where are the bodies in the streets . ? where are the fires in the Cities ? why are n't the street clogged with abandoned vehicles ? 7-The blatant theft of all of George Romero 's work from the Crazies to his Dead series of movies .8 - The constant use of scenes from George Romero 's movies used add nauseam.Here are some examples the shopping spree in the food store , the chained up infected soldier , just like Bub in day of the dead.The stop for gas by the cheese burger stand scene , just like the airport scene in Dawn where the children zombies attack then are killed , just like Jim does to the infected boy . Even happens in the same way Jim off by himself away from the group in a small structure.The fact there is a band of soldiers hold up , stemming the tide of Anarchy . Just like in day of the Dead.also how the soldiers turn out to be almost as much of a threat as the infected , Just like in day of the Dead , Also the ending is quite similar to Day , with the soldiers strong hold being overrun . And there are countless other borrowed ideas and scenes .9 - The fact that these men have lost all they know and love and hold dear to them , there wife 's there Children , Fathers Mothers friends , the social fabric is gone . and the only thing that will seem to ease the pain for these men , is some young ass .10 - 28 days without a women in a mans bed , turns him into sex crazed deviant.So it goes like this . 28 days from devoted husbands and loving fathers to child rapists .11 - Why would soldiers choose a stronghold with windows the size of pool tables throughout12-If the Infected do not eat or drink , why are they always vomiting ? Why would you have to wait for Starvation to kill the Infected ? Dehydration would do it to them , long before starvation ? And the way those people were barfing it 's not going to take very long .13 - what 's up with that silly blowing up the gas station scene that are survivors did in the beginning of the movie , what was the point other then to show a big exsplosion ? And whats up with flinging Molotov cocktails ? Why would they even have been out at night ? they had a stronghold with food and other provisions in it . So they were breaking one of there own Cardinal rules they were telling Jim , never to break under any circumstance..14-Jim wakes up from a Coma or other serious head injury , and other then being a little disoriented , and a nasty headache , which by the way was cured with a Tango , he 's just fine and ready for some real urban hand to hand combat.And as long as we are on the topic of the the Infected shriveling up and dying why dint Jim die of dehydration himself ? After all he was laying in a bed for 28 days , unattended in a Coma.15-How did the unarmed infected over run military blockades with soldiers heavily armed with automatic weapons air support and tanks ? And if the infected were mindless bloodthirsty killing machines why would they even attack a blockade.Doesn ' t attacking in mass show intellect .16 - When Jim awakes in the hospital , why are there no bodies or blood stains ? . Other then some tipped over furniture and some spilled soda , looks in pretty good shape for a hospital that has been going through a health emergency of epic proportions . .17 - A movie has to work in it 's own logic , there are holes so big in the story you could drive a 18 wheeler through them .18 - I liked the use of video , not film it did give the production a very gritty quality.In the end it 's just a B horror movie , but Even after all my complaints , about the lack of logic in the script , I had fun with the movie and dont regret watching it nor having bought it used for 5 bucks .
 This has got to be one the worst movies . It started off great and after that just killed over . It was slow , boring , and hardly any confrontations till the very end . This is one movie you should leave on the shelves .
 When I first saw the trailer for this film , I was elated that somebody had finally taken `` zombie horror to a new level . `` I 'm a huge horror movie buff , and I was growing tired of inane , slasher , pop-out `` Boo ! '' bores that are being released so rapidly and being labeled as `` horror '' films . So I figured this film would finally be just what I needed to scare the hell out of me and keep me awake at night ... I 've had no problems sleeping since the minute the film ended.I thought this was going to be a movie that created its fear through subtle imagery ; use the whole idea that what you DO N'T see is what 's scary.I was wrong . The first ten or so minutes of the movie are the scariest , I think , as it shows an entire city in desolation . The imagery is eerie and convincing and mildly disturbing ... but it just goes downhill from there and becomes another carbon copy of everything we 've seen before.The dialogue does n't help any either . From the very start of the film , I found myself thinking , `` Wow ... this is cheesy ! `` The only `` new level '' this movie rises to in terms of zombie horror is that now the zombies can run instead of just walking around aimlessly . But that 's nowhere near enough to make them scary ... And the pace of the movie is utterly slow . One would think this would add to the suspense and tension , but it only bogs it down because you begin to realize haflway through the film that nothing is going to happen.I 'll be selling this DVD very soon ...
 If you have n't seen Night of the Living Dead , Dawn of the Dead or Day of the Dead this movie might seem original . If you have seen one or more of the above classic horror movies , it will seem , because it is , totally derivative . Either way , the movie is awful . Insights should arise from the characters and story . The character and story should not be used to force insights down the audiences throat . We know that zombies are n't necessaily worse than people after we see 28 Days Later , because Danny Boyle has been jamming that idea down our throats for two hours.I gave the movie two stars instead of zero mostly because of the way the movie was shot . The distorted frames , the views of an abandoned London were all visually interesting . Ultimately , though , the movie is a failure . A contrived plot with a corny , phony script contribute to a moviegoing experience that is not that scary and leaves a bad taste in one 's mouth .
 Shot on video -LRB- DV -RRB- and transferred to film , this INDEPENDENT post-apocalyptic horror film should be treated as a low-budget exercise with a reasonable cast and a hot director . So how does it pan out ? The truth is that the director strives hard for realism and nearly gets there only to blow it completely with a dud and stupid second half.Essentially this is a revamp of the horror novel `` I am Legend '' by Richard Matheson crossed with `` Day of the Trifids '' with more than a touch of George A. Romeros `` Night of the Living Dead '' . The story starts well - man wakes up from a coma only to discover that London is deserted with a plague of zombies -LRB- called the Infected . . and yes they do just act like zombies except that they run -RRB- on the loose , starts to violently come to grips with this new reality and meets up with survivors who are trying to stay alive . The realism in the first half is shocking . It does reach right on down in there and makes you feel very uncomfortable about what you are seeing . There are scenes of animal abuse , child murders and friends chopping each other up once they have become infected . Nasty stuff , but this is how you would expect things to be in the type of scenario that Danny Boyle brings so well to the screen.Then it all goes downhill as the survivors end up going to Manchester to hook up with another group of survivors who turn out to be the army corp. . Wait until you get this ... . the army corp have not had any women and so ... . they go completely mad and try to rape the survivors . Realism goes out the window and sadly the film crashes into total and utter absurdity.Overall the only reason you should watch this is for the -LRB- 1 -RRB- Gore , -LRB- 2 -RRB- To see how a Digital Video Transfer looks and -LRB- 3 -RRB- For the first half.Not very good , but not all that bad either . There a lot of better zombie -LRB- * cough * cough * - are we allowed to say Zombie here ?? -RRB- films out there and certainly better post-apocalyptic ones . This movie just tried to get a more realistic edge but the burning plot holes make Swiss-cheese of things in no time .
 This might be the WORST blu ray release ever . Oh great and merciful Poseidon , please do n't let anyone buy this .
 28 Days later has a very cool and some what copycat way of how people are turned into zombies from the Resident Evil movies . If an uninfected person gets a drop of infected blood anywhere near a mucus membrane -LRB- eyes , mouth -RRB- . they will turn . this was about all I liked about this movie . for the most part this movie takes a long time to get to what I personally consider any thing good . the best part of this movie is at the end when the capture zombie is set loose and kills all of the army men who were acting like total jerks to the survivors . the way this movie was advertised I though there would have been more blood and gore and something that would keep my interest and instead what i got was a movie that took to long to get any non dark photos of the zombies .
 The film is 5 stars , my complaint is the transfer . Despite the higher resolution it only looks marginally better than on DVD . I even played it on my 1080p computer monitor thinking the problem might have been my 720p television but it had the same problems . The picture is too soft , almost as if it was n't filmed in HD -LRB- but of course it was -RRB- and there were specs on the screen as if I was watching it in an old movie house . Hopefully they will release a better transfer of the DVD and give those of us who bought this a discount on it : -RRB-
 28 DAYS LATER ... -LRB- UK - 2002 -RRB- Aspect ratio
 The back of the DVD says the most horrifying movie since the Exorcist !!! 3 alternate endings that will haunt you !! I had to make sure I had the right movie . I 've seen scarier episodes of Scooby Doo !! The producers and directors of this must have paid off the reviewers for this film . There was not a SINGLE scary moment in this entire film . Save your time and money . If you do watch this , believe me , you 'll be sitting in awe wondering what the heck all of the hype was surrounding this overblown waste of time .
 Okay , to start this off , this movie was so boring it is not even funny . There were some -LRB- emphasis on the some -RRB- O.K. parts , but overall , it bored me to death . I could n't wait for it to end !!! And the ending was also horrible ! There was also absolutely no need to show Cillian Murphy naked ... . The zombies RAN , which zombies are supposed to not be able to do , and the people turn into zombies in ten seconds !!! Also not supposed to happen ! And the virus was spread by monkeys !!!! The movie was also very poorly filmed , like the movies Killjoy -LRB- another terrible movie -RRB- , Pumpkinhead -LRB- which was good -RRB- , and hellraiser . It was filmed as if it was directed and made in the 70 's ! Take my advice , if you want to go see a zombie flick , see Resident Evil 2 when it hits theaters ...
 The only thing that scared me and made me think when it came to this movie was when I asked myself , `` How did they get financing ?! '' . And as a big fan of movies dealing with bio-hazardous incidents and in particular , the Resident Evil franchise , that really says something about this movie . The plot was not well organized or developed at all , and in acception to a few concepts of the movie , it was ridiculously unoriginal . I would describe 28 Days later as some kind of mix between the book The Hot Zone and Resident Evil . So if you are planning on seeing this , I 'd recommend looking into one of those two instead , you 'll be much less disappointed .
 THIS IS N'T SCARY AT ALL . I laughed at it . It stunk . I hated it , and so did everyone else . Biggest dissappoinment since Silence of the Lambs and House of 1000 Courpses . I hated this !
 I am relatively new to buying items on amazon , so it is very frustrating to both not receive a package and not know how to contact a seller because the original email was lost . Amazon did n't provide any contact for this seller , so i was stuck having paid for a package that never arrived . since i ca n't give less than 1 star , 1 is what you get .
 Seeing this movie I heard it was so scary , it 's just a lot of blood . I admit the movie goes with a good start but then it falls apart after that . The story isnt ' t all that . But I gave it 2 stars because I have to admit the movies looks great . The production design meaning . But thats about it . Only watch the first twenty minutes and then shut the t.v. off . If all the people of England died , then how come there bodies do n't even show ? It 's ridiculious . It 's just a real stupid movie that you should n't waste your time on . But it 's a british movie so what would you expect ? Do n't watch this film
 I must say that this movie really stunk ! It just didnt make sense at all.First of all , how come when the city is evacuated at the start of the movie , the main character is left behind in his hospital bed ??? And how come he was the only one left behind ??? Was he a bad patient ?? : - -RRB- Secondly , if the RAGE virus takes less then 20 seconds to infect someone and send them into an uncontrolable rage , then how did the city have time to evacuate ?? Thirdly , if the RAGE virus sends people into a frenzy , then why dont the infected attack each other ?? These are just some of the things in this movie that dont make sense . This could 've been a good movie , but in my opinion , it fails to deliver .
 This has to be the most boring un-interesting movie of all time . There is no violence , no blood and where is the gore ? All these positive reviews have they even watched this lame junk , the worst thing about it are the characters , they are so dull . Even when the so called zombies attack nothing happens , some quick editing and camera movements , the end result someone laying on the floor a mist all the darkness and only arms or legs visable . Take my advise and dont bother with this because it 's not even worth 28 minutes of your time .
 `` Scary as Hell '' is what the ads said . This is false advertising . The movie was not scary , probably because Danny Boyle fancied it to be more serious and weighty than your typical zombie flick . The problem is that it ends up being neither scary nor serious -LRB- when there 's no real reason why it could n't be both -RRB- . The word that comes to mind is `` pretentious . '' The movie 's about 60 IQ points short of being able to pull off what it hopes to pull off . It 's that same too-hip not-exactly-nihilistic pseudo-punk thing that 's apparently the rage in England right now and is getting just way too tiresome . `` Trainspotting '' was great ; this is BORING . It IS N'T meaningful or interesting , let alone exciting . What a waste of time - seriously . It 's as profound as an eighth-grade creative-writing assignment .
 I was deeply saddened and apalled that this director would have adult men attempting to rape and impregnate a child , you should be ashamed of yourself for featuring rape in your movie , I 'd like to drop a load on this dvd for having such shocking content
 This movie stinx ! I hated it so much . People were laughing at this flick . I was n't scared and neither was anybody else that saw this movie with me . They all said they thought it was boring , and I agree with that . Skip this .
 ... REVIEW ORIGINALLY PUBLISHED ON 17 SEPTEMBER , 2003 VIA AMAZON CANADAThe promotion for this movie here in Australia was full on . It was sleek effective marketing . I suspect it appeals to people who are nihilist & somewhat fall for Nostradamus ` end of the world ' gimmicks . The marketing was also misleading . I thought I would get more bang for my buck with zombies flying left , right & centre of the CINEMA screen . We did n't get this - it was very sparse . It was also very predictable stereotypical , what with the British military soldiers being sex maniacs & wanting to rape the two lead female actors -LRB- could this be a bad advertisement for our hard working army defence force troops -RRB- ? The only moments which had an emotional impact on me was when the skinny lead male actor in Cillian Murphy found his dead parents & sister in the house . It made me want to try to act more kind towards my parents on a more consistent basis . Christopher Eccleston -LRB- from ` The Others ' -RRB- was the best actor in the film . He exhumed a confident presence . Another unbelievable aspect of me for it was how the romance developed . Let 's face it , the black actress & the 15 year old girl were n't the most attractive females you would see . I would rather they -LSB- the producers cast -RSB- get more attractive people . I do n't know how they could fall in love in a short amount of time . Fair enough , she did save his life - but she 's neither pretty , let alone my type . The ending was lame too . If you want a ` zombie feast ' I suggest/urge you read the vivid book by Simon Clark called Blood Crazy -LRB- check out my link - I reviewed this book -RRB- . This book can be found on Amazon if you want to buy it . That is much better , more thought , philosophy & more blood . I 'd also advice 12 Monkeys -LRB- Brad Pitt & Bruce Willis -RRB- as an alternative better choice of movie with monkeys running amok & causing havoc with disease.Overall this movie ai n't that bad . I appreciate the expense it took to evacuate London & make it look empty . But the effect was n't strong . Vanilla Sky had an empty New York scene too & that had no impact on me too . Really film-makers have to work harder in that regards . All in all , it just did n't gel together this movie . Good while it lasted , though certainly overrated by the critics & the media . PS
 I 've only given this one star because it looks good but it really was terrible . I too have seen Silence of the Lambs , and was even more scared by Hannibal which i thought was vastly under-rated . Given the money that was obviously poured down the drain to make this I was appauled by its blatant product placement and the worst acting I think I 've ever seen in a film . Ignore the critics . Go see Red Dragon . Far superior .
 Ok , So I read all the press reviews about this being a great horror flick with a new twist on the `` zombie '' idea . On that premise I went to go see this movie ; Boy was it the most boring movie I 've ever seen . The media used to film the movie -LRB- digital -RRB- kind of took awhile to get over it on some sequences it `` felt '' right because it gave a sense that you where their with the character . That my friends is the only innovative thing about this movie . The characters where ok , what disappointed me was their was n't a moment that made my heart beat , They ONLY SHOW THE `` ZOMBIES '' SCENES LIKE THREE TIMES !!! WTH !! And believe me there was nothing special about these zombies . Most of the movie was talking . . no real good dialog either . `` JEEPERS CREEPERS '' , was a better movie then this junk , and we all know how GREAT `` jeepers creepers '' was . . `` piece of junk ! ''
 13 year old ` Scream ' fans rejoice ! You can finally watch a zombie film that does n't have any gorey scenes and will not insult your intelligence in the slightest ! I stumbled into this film cos I though it was the sequel to the awesome Sandra Bullock film '28 Days ' but was pleasantly surprised to find that it 's actually a horror which does everything right . Do n't be foooled by the fact that it 's foreign , this feel just like any Hollywood movie like ' 2 Fast 2 Furious ' or ` Bad Boys 2 ' ! This film is totally a breath of fresh air to the horror genre just like the US remake of ` Ringu ' . Highly original and does n't rip of ` Dawn of the Dead ' ` Omega Man ' or ` Day of the Triffids ' at all . I mean this film does n't have zombies that will kill and eat you , it has people infected with the `` rage virus '' -LRB- whoah I could have never came up with that name ! -RRB- that will kill you for your blood . And those empty street scenes , wow I 've never seen a movie that uses that cinematic effect before!The director is this really cool British guy who made ` Trainspotting ' you know the more harder edge version of ` Requiem for a Dream ' and he sure knows how to build suspense without using the old cat-jumps-out-of-closet trick.I sure am glad this was made with 13 year olds in mind too , I certainly do n't want to see a zombie film that show zombies biting people on camera , yuck ! It good too that it was n't made by one of those Itallian directors who might have shown guts on the screen or even hurt a real monkey , like in those sicko 70 's zombie and cannibal movies true horror fans avoid . The whole family can enjoy '28 Days Later ' and thats the way a horror film should be ! Also the suspense is fast like it was filmed by the same cinematographer who make those trippy `` Backstreet Boys '' MTV video clips , it sure is n't boring like those over-rated turkeys ` The Exorcist ' or ` Texas Chainsaw Massacre ' . I just ca n't epress my gratitude enough for Danyy Boyle and his fresh original horror film that push the boundries and is the scariest movie since ` Final Destination ' .
 Where do I get started ? How about in the toliet where this cheesy , worthless , crappy movie belongs . The movie is set in post-apocalyptic Britain , which has been rendered desolate by a biological virus that has turned the inhabitants into ... egadddsss ... blood puking , red eyed , f *** n zombies !!! Actually , they are n't even zombies . To become a zombie you first have to die , so why the hell are they referred to as zombies ? Just a prototypical example of the placidic ignorance that oozes from this piece of s ** t , low budget , cellar quality , over-hyped sh ** fest of a movie , or how about instead of movie we call it a two-hour insanity inducing torture device ? The first half-hour or so features the star -LRB- hahhhhahhah -RRB- walking around a deserted London . And he walks , and he walks , and he ... get the picture ? The writer must have thought that he was doing a brillant job to evoke the solitude of the post-apocalyptic atmosphere ... ever here of overkill pal ? At this point in the film I wanted to walk out -LRB- My God how merciful that would have been ! -RRB- and get the hell away from this cursed sh ** fest , but I was accompanied by friends and did n't want to leave because we did * pay * , yes actual money to see this sh ** . So this dumba ** guy wonders around , looking stupid -LRB- although he did n't have to look hard -RRB- and taking in the freakin scenery . By the way , he had been in a coma for 28 days , hence the name of the sh ** fest 28 Days Later . And he walks and walks some more ... HE LOVED TO WALK ! Finally he comes into contact with SURVIVORS ! Wow ! Zowsers ! But guess what ? Even though they are fighting for their lives , outnumbered a zillion to one by these plauge victims -LRB- oh sorry , ZOMBIES -RRB- they do not get a SINGLE GUN ? What the hell ? Who in their right freakin mind would not go get a damn gun in this situation ? So these two survivors hook up with the star , a great Omega Man rip-off , I still ca n't remember his name , nor do I want to ! So the zombies chase them -LRB- ohhhhhhh -RRB- and they run to this dumbass building where they escape and meet more survivors ! Yes ! They talk about how it never rains and they do n't have water . At this point my mind is friggin numb it would have taken electric shock therapy to resucitate a response from my poor brain . Then the Zombie Possee as I call them , get a message from this radio that says more people are alive ! I 'll be damned ! For an end of the world scenario there sure are a lot of surviors ! They then begin their journey to Eden away from the plague infested city , and almost get caught by the * scary * zombies . On their way to Eden they find a small farm . They sit and talk and look around , damned exciting stuff eh ? Oh man this is such a thrilling flick ! Look out Exorcist your mantle as scariest movie ever is barely holding on ! They then drive off in search of ... yes ` Eden ' . They find army soldiers at a military base , the dumb looking Omega Man rip-off is like ... `` Whoa dude ... this is heavy sh ** . '' If they had gone out on the streets of L.A. , found a drunken bum , who could not speak it would have been an infinitely better choice for this film 's star ! The budget for this film looked like it was around $ 100,000 ; counting the knock-off Omega Man 's salary ! After they find the source of the radio transmission the Zombie Possee discovers that these military men want to take the women of the party and party with them ! The Omega knock-off pulls some big time heroics and gets the living sh ** beat out of him ! And to add insult to injury they take his women ! The army commander takes Omega out to meet his pet zombie . He says that he keeps him so he can find out how long it takes them to `` starve '' to death . Another mile-wide in this dumbass flick 's plot . They explain nothing about why they `` starve '' , what in the hell are they talking about , starving ? Holey plot Batman , this movie sucks ! So the Omega-knockoff eventually gets free and rescues his lady friends . Omega then gets in a car with them and crashes the compound 's gate ... then those famous words appear ... 28 DAYS LATER -LRB- Damn !! Can you stand the suspense ?! -RRB- Omega and the girls find them a nice little country cottage and are living happily ever after , when all of a sudden a plane flies overhead ! END OF SH ## FEST.Final Analysis
 This movie was nothing but a vehicle to show Cillian Murphy nude . You 've read the other reviews and know the tired old over-used plot-line . The acting was incredulously bad . Cillian is actually smirking on camera when he 's supposed to be acting wildly crazed and lost and fearful . Jim -LRB- Ciliam Murphy -RRB- has a totally unbelievable reaction to deserted London . Patrons were walking out of the cinema before the movie had run 30 minutes . The slow , agonizing start to the movie blended into a boring , boring , tedious job , not an entertaining stunner . The only reason that I did n't join the patrons walking out was to sneak into the Terminator afterward . The supposed surprise ending -LRB- Jim sees something in the sky as he 's being stalked -RRB- is as anti-climactic as they get . The effects could n't be discerned because of the way they were shot so fast -- a symptom of a low budget flick trying to look like a block buster . The trailer is the most decieveing trailer I 've ever seen . Go see the Terminator instead if you want real entertainment !
 I bought this movie because i love zombie movies , and this one got great reviews . Dont be fooled , this is by far the worst movie ive seen in a VERY long time . The worst part is i probably never got past the first hour , even though it felt like i had been sitting there for an eternity . I just kept wondering when it was going to either pick up and turn into the amazing movie everyone claimed it was or finally come to an end . The characters -LRB- i cant remember their names , thats how bad of a movie this is -RRB- were badly under-developed -LRB- but perhaps they got more into that later im not sure -RRB- , and the dialogue was just awful . Nothing about this movie was the least bit surprising nor frightening . And the story moved along rather slowly . This movie is just a waste of money , i really regret buying it , so if you must see it , just rent it -LRB- although i dont even recomend that -RRB- . If its a decent zombie movie you want , watch resident evil , dont even bother with this one .
 This movie does n't do anything that was n't done better in several films
 I can not understand why this movie is so popular . Every critic around praised it as groundbreaking . It 's not ! It 's a remake of Romero 's Day of the Dead . The only changes are British accents , running zombies , and a horrid , nightmarishly happy ending . It starts great . You will never forget the first 30 minutes of this movie . Then , it all goes sour . Do n't get me wrong , it does n't suck -LRB- except for that ending -RRB- - it 's not even that bad - it 's just a remake of Day of the Dead . This is blatant plaigerism being praised as groundbreaking . I was terribly dissapointed .
 I tried to watch this movie 8 times , and each time i had to shut it off because of how in possibly boring it was . So avoid buying it , watching it , or even thinking about doing any of those things .
 THIS IS NOT A ZOMBIE MOVIE ! This is a movie about an epidemic , the disease in question being about a kind of rabies on steroids.On with the review.For those of you who do n't know , this movie is about a post-epidemic England and a few pitifully developed characters trying to survive . The epidemic is something called `` rage '' , a disease accidentally created by some scientists trying to come up with a sort of Super Valium to help people with temper problems.Okay , now , `` 2001
 I do n't have much to say about this movie , but that whoever made it , ripped off the story line from do you remember , let see now ... `` Let Sleeping Corpses Lie ? `` The movie was dreadfully boring and can someone please tell me what in the name of zombie films was soooo scary about it?Yuck !
 I hate to even waste my time writing a review for this junk ! But if a save one person from seeing this film it was all worth while . It 's too bad they could have made this film alot better but it 's to late . It 's not worth the 3.00 to rent it and DO N'T even think about buying it !! OK I 'm done bi *** ing now !
 I could not believe , literally , that I was watching a professionally produced movie . I thought at first that maybe someone was pulling a prank on me and had substituted some high school kid 's work in the DVD box . This movie totally blows ! I fell asleep after about fifteen minutes or so into it , only to wake up in another fifteen minutes , and then drift right back off to sleep . The acting is horrible , and I mean HORRIBLE . The dialogue is funny , in spite of itself . Avoid this dog , no offense to my canine friends !
 This movie starts great and really set the mood for a good horror movie . The actors are very believeable and I 'm a fan of the director 's previous work . So why one star you ask ? First I never really found this movie scary and I 'm soooo tired of the fast edit effects sorry blair witch is dead let it go directors ! Just because I can understand what 's happening Does not make you a sellout . The real reason I give this flick one star is for the last 40 minutes . When they enter the military base and all the soliders wants to do is rape a 14 year old that 's when the movie lost me . I have a strong stomach but I was sickened by such a cheap plot device just to make the military look bad . Did they stop their NOOO they have the military attempt to rape a second woman who happens to be black . What was the thinking their
 I do n't know what happened , but arguably the transfer to Blu-Ray is worse than the DVD . Do not purchase the blu-ray version !
 Why did this movie get rave reviews ? It was too long , too boring , and DID NOT rewrite the `` zombie genre '' which so many people claimed it did . I found the the plot jumpy and inconsistent . There was no real `` feel '' of terror . All that being said , I think the main thing that failed this movie was the outside over-hype . It was nothing that I expected , because if it had been , then it would have been good . Sorry , ca n't recommend this one .
 Do n't buy this `` high definition '' disc unless VHS is your definition of HD . Transfer is simply horrible - blown highlights , unsharp , jagged edges all over the place . It is actually worse than DVD since upconverted to 1080p DVD looks better !
 I was really looking forward to this movie after see `` Dawn of the Dead . '' Some friends recommended it saying that if I liked `` Dawn '' , I would like this ... hmmm ... they were wrong.This movie is somewhat of a rip off and rather lame * as much as I hate that word . * We begin with a rather stupid beginning with activists attempting to free sick monkeys and then suddenly we see a man waking up to find London deserted . We get no action , no scenes of the plague going down , no chaos ... nothing . The movie completely skips it . The movie then focuses on a small group of survivors occasionally interrupted bu a few idiotic running plague victims.I do n't recommend this movie . If you like zombie movies , check out `` Dawn of the Dead . '' It 's much more entertaining .
 `` 28 Days Later '' is basically a rehash of a number of George Romero horror films . The one most often cited is `` Night of the Living Dead '' but in fact `` 28 Days Later '' borrows most liberally from a lesser known Romero movie called `` The Crazies '' . It 's directed by Danny Boyle who seems to get a lot of free passes from critics who should know better . His first film
 I bought this DVD because I read a lot of good reviews about it . This movie is awful , it is not scary as claimed to be . It says on the DVD that it 's `` Hailed as the most frightening film since the Exorcist '' , well it 's not true ! `` Sixth Sence '' , `` The Ring '' and `` Mothman Prophecies '' are much better in terms of Horror/Thriller movies . `` 28 days later '' story makes no sense ... Exorcist is still one of my all time favorite ... Skip this one .
 One of the worst movies I have ever seen . It seems to suggest that rage is a dangerous thing , but even the humans in this movie is full of a lot of rage . And then there is very bad acting
 When I pay premium for blueray , I expect the movie to be filmed in high definition . This was almost VHS quality . It should not be offered in Blueray , and the graininess was constantly irritating on my large screen . Possibly the lowest quality blueray I own except for some movies from the 70 's and 80 's . However , the movie was decent if you can get past the graininess . I would watch the movie again , but buy as regular DVD -LRB- which is still overkill for the quality of the grainy film -RRB-
 Let me say this first
 wow . i love this movie , BUT i rented -LRB- glad i did -RRB- this movie from netflix on blu ray . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THE BLU-RAY VERSION OF THIS MOVIE.there is probably a reason it only costs $ 20 on blu-ray . think about it . need i say more ?
 I love horror movies . I really do . This is n't a horror movie , it 's just horrible . After the first few minutes , the only reason I continued to watch this was because my boyfriend was watching it and there was n't anything better to do . It 's awful . I do n't get why people think this is a good movie or even comparable to the exorcist . It 's slow moving and just plain BAD . I do n't get how it gives you something to think about ... I 'm convinced these people are just in denial about how awful this movie really was and they 're trying to talk themselves into liking it .
 What was this ? It was cool for like 5 mins when he was the only one there walking around by himself . Very boring I couldnt ' t wait for it to be over.Every movie gets one star for trying .
 i do n't own the dvd but i saw the movie in theaters and let me just say DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY . if you have n't seen the movie then do n't buy the DVD . it 's a horrible incredibly stupid and NOT SCARY movie . if you saw the movie and liked it -LRB- all two of you out there -RRB- then by all means buy the DVD , but if not DO N'T DO IT
 After seeing the previews , and then the interviews with people during and after the movie who were shown screaming in the theater and singing praises to it 's horror , my boyfriend and I were excited to see 28 Days Later . But after the first 20 minutes I was ready to demand my money back -LRB- my boyfriend , however , is stubborn and wanted to finish it -RRB- . Do n't get me wrong - I admire Cillian Murphy and Danny Boyle , and the use of digital filming was very creative . However , it was n't scary in the least . It was a joke . And the whole `` end-of-the-world , women-as-sex-slaves bit was ridiculous . If this were a first-time director using homemade props and kitchen-brewed special effects , I might be slightly impressed . Oh , I know it was a `` low budget independent film '' - it 's budget was a mere $ 8 million . $ 8 million !?! Give me a break!As a movie fan , especially sci-fi type flicks , I am completely baffled by the good reviews given to this movie by other people . Like one of those who did rate it -LRB- in my mind -RRB- accurately , it makes me wonder if I saw the same movie everyone else did . The only explanation I can come up with is mass hallucination , perhaps via spiked popcorn , and as we did n't munch that time , we managed to escape the poisoning ... If you insist on seeing this movie , I would advise you to go in with very low expectations ; maybe then you wo n't have as far to fall as we did .
 If I had the movie on DVD and used an up converter , it would look better than this . Other than that , the movie is an excellent one.But do n't dish out extra cash hoping to get something of 1080p quality .
 The movie itself is good . It deserves 4 stars . However , someone should be fired for allowing this on blu-ray . The quality is terrible . This never should have been a blu-ray . Buy the dvd version and enjoy .
 I really love this movie . I 've seen it 1,000 times.But the quality of the Blu-ray was terrible . It sounded and looked bad . About the only time you can really tell its a blu-ray disk was at the end.You 're better off just buying it on DVD .
 I really enjoyed this film when it came out and subsequently bought it on DVD . Having recently upgraded to Blu Ray I 've been going through my DVD collection and picking out the ones to buy again on Blu Ray . I really wish I 'd looked online for reviews before buying this . I will from now on always check online reviews for picture quality before purchasing.The picture quality on this Blu Ray is beyond bad . I do n't know how they could release it on Blu Ray with a clear conscience . It is a pure rip off to ask you to spend more money and get what looks like poorer image quality than I had on the DVD version ! It really is that bad . I 've since read that it was filmed on some low quality equipment -LRB- Canon XL1s Mini DV Camcorder of all things -RRB- and so the picture quality just is n't possible as it is on real film.To summarise : *** DO NOT BUY THIS FILM ON BLU RAY ! ***
 ... I found myself `` un `` involved & thinking about what I did earlier in the day . After a very boring first 20 minutes I thought that I 'd give the movie a few more minutes to pick up . Sadly it did n't pick up enough to hold my attention . I thought the film would have been right up my alley because I love zombie/horror , but it just seemed to take itself way to serious for it 's own good . And it 's not really a horror film at all . A few chase scenes and some bloody vomit does n't mean you have a horror film . All and all the biggest problem was that it was overwelmingly dull . 1 star for the chic that hacked up that dude who became infected .
 This is possibly one of the worst movies I have seen in my whole life . The idea of the movie was horrible in itself . Anger as a disease that is contagious and was spread to humans by monkeys ? Come on . After that opening scene I already knew how much I was going to hate the movie . After that they go forward in time 28 days and this guy wakes up in a hospital bed . They really do n't explain much about this guys character but he is the main character.This is the one part of the movie that I really enjoyed . They had a beautiful montage of him walking through an empty city . The camera angles were just right . After this it all began to go down hill.I 'm not going to reveal anymore of the plot incase you actually feel the need to destroy your precious brain cells and sit through this like I did . But I will say this . Through out the movie there are multiple plot holes and also a lack of a plot at times . I also noticed that a large majority of the movie just showed them driving in a car . They did that for at least 15 minutes of the movie without dialogue.Oh , and now onto dialogue . The dialogue was horribly weak in it . In fact they rarely even talked in the movie about anything relavent to the plot . And one thing that really irked me was that the infected humans barely made any appearences in the movie . I was really disappointed in that . They could of at least thrown in some more violence just so that you would be distracted from how horrible of a movie it was.Now for character development . There was none . All of the characters stayed the same throughout the whole movie . Except the main character . Throughout the whole movie he was n't violent at all and you could tell he had no intention of it . Then suddenly at the end of the movie he is brutaly slaughtering military soldiers . Hmmm , thats really random . They really never justified this change of his character it just happened.There was one thing that they did pretty good in it . The music fit in perfectly with every scene . I 'm really stretching hard here for positives but I am finding it quite difficult to do . Oh well , I give up . This concludes my rant on one of the worst movies I have ever seen .
 I admit it . I bought into the hype . This DVD sucks . Sucks . Sucks . Sucks . Did I say it sucks?I will not watch it again . Well , maybe again in 6 months , or more likely just to cut my loss , I 'll sell it to a friend I hate for $ 10 . Plus , the quality of the video sucks . It gets dis-configured and shifts , and is grainy and just sucks . It 's like watching low-light movies on cable that has been `` digitally compressed '' for my viewing pleasure.Not enough ? The audio is extremely quiet . I had my stereo and TV up to max volume and still could n't hear it.WHY DID I BUY THIS ?
 Some critic out there called this `` the scariest movie since ` The Exorcist ' '' . That has to be one of the most idiotic statements in the history of humankind . There is n't even so much as a nanosecond of scariness anywhere to be found in this trash heap of a movie . It starts off vaguely interesting , what with all of London being deserted except for one incredibly ugly naked man who wakes up ... you guessed it ... 28 days after the world is wiped out by a plague . He finally runs into some survivors who are n't `` infected '' and the rip off of `` The Stand '' continues . Then , in the middle of the film , with no warning whatsoever , we skip from a horror flick to a truly disgusting social commentary that makes you roll your eyes and ensures that , no matter what happens , you wo n't care . As it turns out , our `` heroes '' run into a miltary outpost full of soldiers concerned with nothing more than rape . And all of a sudden the zombies stop being the bad guys and the military takes over the job , because we all know that soldiers are far more dangerous than mass numbers of murderous zombies . Anyway , the film ends with ugly naked man -LRB- who by now is at least wearing pants -RRB- enlisting the support of one such zombie in order to kill the soldiers who are going to `` rape '' the other two , thus ensuring that the species will not procreate and therefore die off . Hooray ! . . That 's the gist of this amazingly bad movie . Do n't even bother renting it .
 This is a terrible movie . I watched it in the theater and was blown away by how cruddy it is . It starts out quite scary , * not the monkey part , but after * A man wakes up after a virus was released upon London , and he finds no trace of anyone still alive . This is fairly scary part , but it goes down hill rapidly from there . The `` zombies '' are nothing more than a person who has poor cordination , throws up blood , and babbles alot . They are NOT powerful , undead , or by any means unstoppable . This creates a very very very unscarry opponent . They take them out with no problem with just baseball bats . Anyone with a basic knowledge of a martial arts could just stand in the street and fight as many as they like until they needed to take a break.From what I have above , I would of gave it 2 stars . What happens next makes me want to give it 0 . They come across a highly trained group of soliders who fight in a team and use good fire control . These people take the 3 main stars into their fort to live with them . UNTIL later that night , you find out these soliders just want to have sex with the 2 female characters , well , the main dude aint having that , so he kills them all . Once it becomes obvious the soliders are bad guys , they loose all the skill they showed earliar . They fire their guns from their hips , they panic and drop their weapons , and they run around like mice , when just 10 minutes prior they took out 20 plus ` zombies ' without any trouble.The ended was one of the worst I have ever seen . They sew together a giant `` HELLO '' blanket to lay on the grass so an overpassing jet will radio for help for them . My first complaint is , why Hello ? Why not HELP or SOS , but HELLO ? Second . . they make mention that the jet has been flying over and not seeing them everytime they sewed something together . This is bogus , they are out in a pure green grass lands , and a jet pilot searching for surviors would not need to see a 30 foot blanket of HELLO , all they would need to see is a person or even a white flag . LOL i am getting upset just talking about it , terrible terrible movie .
 I watch this movie `` 28 Days Later '' with couple friends with intense expectation . Here 's my comment
 the particular tape that I received is defective I should have returned it . May you guys can buy it back .
 The West Wing - The Complete First Six SeasonsThe second season included two each of disc 2 and NO disc 1 . There may be other issues as well , that I have just not gotten to yet .
 A lovely film with poor sound quality and no subtitles in english to make up for it . Bad buy .
 Shot on video -LRB- DV -RRB- and transferred to film , this INDEPENDENT post-apocalyptic horror film should be treated as a low-budget exercise with a reasonable cast and a hot director . So how does it pan out ? The truth is that the director strives hard for realism and nearly gets there only to blow it completely with a dud and stupid second half.Essentially this is a revamp of the horror novel `` I am Legend '' by Richard Matheson crossed with `` Day of the Trifids '' with more than a touch of George A. Romeros `` Night of the Living Dead '' . The story starts well - man wakes up from a coma only to discover that London is deserted with a plague of zombies -LRB- called the Infected . . and yes they do just act like zombies except that they run -RRB- on the loose , starts to violently come to grips with this new reality and meets up with survivors who are trying to stay alive . The realism in the first half is shocking . It does reach right on down in there and makes you feel very uncomfortable about what you are seeing . There are scenes of animal abuse , child murders and friends chopping each other up once they have become infected . Nasty stuff , but this is how you would expect things to be in the type of scenario that Danny Boyle brings so well to the screen.Then it all goes downhill as the survivors end up going to Manchester to hook up with another group of survivors who turn out to be the army corp. . Wait until you get this ... . the army corp have not had any women and so ... . they go completely mad and try to rape the survivors . Realism goes out the window and sadly the film crashes into total and utter absurdity.Overall the only reason you should watch this is for the -LRB- 1 -RRB- Gore , -LRB- 2 -RRB- To see how a Digital Video Transfer looks and -LRB- 3 -RRB- For the first half.Not very good , but not all that bad either . There a lot of better zombie -LRB- * cough * cough * - are we allowed to say Zombie here ?? -RRB- films out there and certainly better post-apocalyptic ones . This movie just tried to get a more realistic edge but the burning plot holes make Swiss-cheese of things in no time .
 I may have enjoyed this movie better if I had not already seen two other versions before this . The first version was called The last man on Earth with Vincent Price-he was left alone to survive when a virius wiped out the population changing them to zombies . The second version was called The Omega Man - he was left alone when a virius wiped out the population changing them to vampires . In 28 Days the hero is left alone -LRB- almost -RRB- to survive when a virus wipes out the populatiion and changes them to zombie/vampires . It starts out pretty bad when some animal rights people break in to a highly secure building of secret experiments without any trouble at all . They get inside and blindly release some chimps carring the Disease called `` Rage '' of course the chimps attack the animal rights people and rage spreads from there . 28 days later a guy in a coma wakes up to a empty London and he connects with a few survivers and they try to survive . The ending is bad , like they just threw it together becaus they were running out of disc space or somthing . be prepared for a lot of throwing up by the zombies too . Could have been a good re-make with todays special effects but it crashes and burns leaving the viewer feeling drained , bored and weak .
 This has got to be one the worst movies . It started off great and after that just killed over . It was slow , boring , and hardly any confrontations till the very end . This is one movie you should leave on the shelves .
 When I first saw the trailer for this film , I was elated that somebody had finally taken `` zombie horror to a new level . `` I 'm a huge horror movie buff , and I was growing tired of inane , slasher , pop-out `` Boo ! '' bores that are being released so rapidly and being labeled as `` horror '' films . So I figured this film would finally be just what I needed to scare the hell out of me and keep me awake at night ... I 've had no problems sleeping since the minute the film ended.I thought this was going to be a movie that created its fear through subtle imagery ; use the whole idea that what you DO N'T see is what 's scary.I was wrong . The first ten or so minutes of the movie are the scariest , I think , as it shows an entire city in desolation . The imagery is eerie and convincing and mildly disturbing ... but it just goes downhill from there and becomes another carbon copy of everything we 've seen before.The dialogue does n't help any either . From the very start of the film , I found myself thinking , `` Wow ... this is cheesy ! `` The only `` new level '' this movie rises to in terms of zombie horror is that now the zombies can run instead of just walking around aimlessly . But that 's nowhere near enough to make them scary ... And the pace of the movie is utterly slow . One would think this would add to the suspense and tension , but it only bogs it down because you begin to realize haflway through the film that nothing is going to happen.I 'll be selling this DVD very soon ...
 If you have n't seen Night of the Living Dead , Dawn of the Dead or Day of the Dead this movie might seem original . If you have seen one or more of the above classic horror movies , it will seem , because it is , totally derivative . Either way , the movie is awful . Insights should arise from the characters and story . The character and story should not be used to force insights down the audiences throat . We know that zombies are n't necessaily worse than people after we see 28 Days Later , because Danny Boyle has been jamming that idea down our throats for two hours.I gave the movie two stars instead of zero mostly because of the way the movie was shot . The distorted frames , the views of an abandoned London were all visually interesting . Ultimately , though , the movie is a failure . A contrived plot with a corny , phony script contribute to a moviegoing experience that is not that scary and leaves a bad taste in one 's mouth .
 I thought that the movie could have been a lot better . The acting was somewhat to be desired but it did have a couple of shocking moments.It reminded me to much of night of the living dead with a little twist on the zombies ... rage ... . I thought that Night of the Living dead was far better . God I hope they do n't make a sequel to this movie .
 Do n't buy this `` high definition '' disc unless VHS is your definition of HD . Transfer is simply horrible - blown highlights , unsharp , jagged edges all over the place . It is actually worse than DVD since upconverted to 1080p DVD looks better !
 I was really looking forward to this movie after see `` Dawn of the Dead . '' Some friends recommended it saying that if I liked `` Dawn '' , I would like this ... hmmm ... they were wrong.This movie is somewhat of a rip off and rather lame * as much as I hate that word . * We begin with a rather stupid beginning with activists attempting to free sick monkeys and then suddenly we see a man waking up to find London deserted . We get no action , no scenes of the plague going down , no chaos ... nothing . The movie completely skips it . The movie then focuses on a small group of survivors occasionally interrupted bu a few idiotic running plague victims.I do n't recommend this movie . If you like zombie movies , check out `` Dawn of the Dead . '' It 's much more entertaining .
 `` 28 Days Later '' is basically a rehash of a number of George Romero horror films . The one most often cited is `` Night of the Living Dead '' but in fact `` 28 Days Later '' borrows most liberally from a lesser known Romero movie called `` The Crazies '' . It 's directed by Danny Boyle who seems to get a lot of free passes from critics who should know better . His first film
 I bought this DVD because I read a lot of good reviews about it . This movie is awful , it is not scary as claimed to be . It says on the DVD that it 's `` Hailed as the most frightening film since the Exorcist '' , well it 's not true ! `` Sixth Sence '' , `` The Ring '' and `` Mothman Prophecies '' are much better in terms of Horror/Thriller movies . `` 28 days later '' story makes no sense ... Exorcist is still one of my all time favorite ... Skip this one .
 This movie was very boring and not even close to scary . The only thing scary about this movie was how bad it was . I wanted to be scared but this movie could not deliver ! Please do not see it unless you feel like wasting money and time to see a really stupid movie . I could have made a better movie in 22 days !!
 Alright folks , I put the money in and have a pretty decent setup to watch this movie but I 'd rather watch the DVD than the Blue Ray Version . First off I 'd like to say the movie its self is great but the Conversion to Blue Ray falls flat on its face . I 've got quite a large number of blue ray movies here and I swear at the time of this review this is the worst video quality blue ray I could find . It looks like someone took the DVD version and put the movie through a video filter trying to sharpen it and completely failed at it . This is a fantastic example of how not to convert a blueray . this movie was made in 2002 we had the technology to record a quality film . I 'm surprised a group of people considered blue ray experts did this conversion sat down and watched the final product and decided this to be a quality picture . I want my money back , I feel kind of used . Blue Ray means they put forth their best effort to give us a great picture * puke *
 The only thing that scared me and made me think when it came to this movie was when I asked myself , `` How did they get financing ?! '' . And as a big fan of movies dealing with bio-hazardous incidents and in particular , the Resident Evil franchise , that really says something about this movie . The plot was not well organized or developed at all , and in acception to a few concepts of the movie , it was ridiculously unoriginal . I would describe 28 Days later as some kind of mix between the book The Hot Zone and Resident Evil . So if you are planning on seeing this , I 'd recommend looking into one of those two instead , you 'll be much less disappointed .
 THIS IS N'T SCARY AT ALL . I laughed at it . It stunk . I hated it , and so did everyone else . Biggest dissappoinment since Silence of the Lambs and House of 1000 Courpses . I hated this !
 I am relatively new to buying items on amazon , so it is very frustrating to both not receive a package and not know how to contact a seller because the original email was lost . Amazon did n't provide any contact for this seller , so i was stuck having paid for a package that never arrived . since i ca n't give less than 1 star , 1 is what you get .
 Seeing this movie I heard it was so scary , it 's just a lot of blood . I admit the movie goes with a good start but then it falls apart after that . The story isnt ' t all that . But I gave it 2 stars because I have to admit the movies looks great . The production design meaning . But thats about it . Only watch the first twenty minutes and then shut the t.v. off . If all the people of England died , then how come there bodies do n't even show ? It 's ridiculious . It 's just a real stupid movie that you should n't waste your time on . But it 's a british movie so what would you expect ? Do n't watch this film
 I must say that this movie really stunk ! It just didnt make sense at all.First of all , how come when the city is evacuated at the start of the movie , the main character is left behind in his hospital bed ??? And how come he was the only one left behind ??? Was he a bad patient ?? : - -RRB- Secondly , if the RAGE virus takes less then 20 seconds to infect someone and send them into an uncontrolable rage , then how did the city have time to evacuate ?? Thirdly , if the RAGE virus sends people into a frenzy , then why dont the infected attack each other ?? These are just some of the things in this movie that dont make sense . This could 've been a good movie , but in my opinion , it fails to deliver .
 This has to be the most boring un-interesting movie of all time . There is no violence , no blood and where is the gore ? All these positive reviews have they even watched this lame junk , the worst thing about it are the characters , they are so dull . Even when the so called zombies attack nothing happens , some quick editing and camera movements , the end result someone laying on the floor a mist all the darkness and only arms or legs visable . Take my advise and dont bother with this because it 's not even worth 28 minutes of your time .
 `` Scary as Hell '' is what the ads said . This is false advertising . The movie was not scary , probably because Danny Boyle fancied it to be more serious and weighty than your typical zombie flick . The problem is that it ends up being neither scary nor serious -LRB- when there 's no real reason why it could n't be both -RRB- . The word that comes to mind is `` pretentious . '' The movie 's about 60 IQ points short of being able to pull off what it hopes to pull off . It 's that same too-hip not-exactly-nihilistic pseudo-punk thing that 's apparently the rage in England right now and is getting just way too tiresome . `` Trainspotting '' was great ; this is BORING . It IS N'T meaningful or interesting , let alone exciting . What a waste of time - seriously . It 's as profound as an eighth-grade creative-writing assignment .
 Sooooo stupid , ugly , depressing , that even having Cillian Murphy in it ca n't save it .
 The film is 5 stars , my complaint is the transfer . Despite the higher resolution it only looks marginally better than on DVD . I even played it on my 1080p computer monitor thinking the problem might have been my 720p television but it had the same problems . The picture is too soft , almost as if it was n't filmed in HD -LRB- but of course it was -RRB- and there were specs on the screen as if I was watching it in an old movie house . Hopefully they will release a better transfer of the DVD and give those of us who bought this a discount on it : -RRB-
 28 DAYS LATER ... -LRB- UK - 2002 -RRB- Aspect ratio
 This movie does n't do anything that was n't done better in several films
 I can not understand why this movie is so popular . Every critic around praised it as groundbreaking . It 's not ! It 's a remake of Romero 's Day of the Dead . The only changes are British accents , running zombies , and a horrid , nightmarishly happy ending . It starts great . You will never forget the first 30 minutes of this movie . Then , it all goes sour . Do n't get me wrong , it does n't suck -LRB- except for that ending -RRB- - it 's not even that bad - it 's just a remake of Day of the Dead . This is blatant plaigerism being praised as groundbreaking . I was terribly dissapointed .
 I tried to watch this movie 8 times , and each time i had to shut it off because of how in possibly boring it was . So avoid buying it , watching it , or even thinking about doing any of those things .
 THIS IS NOT A ZOMBIE MOVIE ! This is a movie about an epidemic , the disease in question being about a kind of rabies on steroids.On with the review.For those of you who do n't know , this movie is about a post-epidemic England and a few pitifully developed characters trying to survive . The epidemic is something called `` rage '' , a disease accidentally created by some scientists trying to come up with a sort of Super Valium to help people with temper problems.Okay , now , `` 2001
 I do n't have much to say about this movie , but that whoever made it , ripped off the story line from do you remember , let see now ... `` Let Sleeping Corpses Lie ? `` The movie was dreadfully boring and can someone please tell me what in the name of zombie films was soooo scary about it?Yuck !
 I hate to even waste my time writing a review for this junk ! But if a save one person from seeing this film it was all worth while . It 's too bad they could have made this film alot better but it 's to late . It 's not worth the 3.00 to rent it and DO N'T even think about buying it !! OK I 'm done bi *** ing now !
 I could not believe , literally , that I was watching a professionally produced movie . I thought at first that maybe someone was pulling a prank on me and had substituted some high school kid 's work in the DVD box . This movie totally blows ! I fell asleep after about fifteen minutes or so into it , only to wake up in another fifteen minutes , and then drift right back off to sleep . The acting is horrible , and I mean HORRIBLE . The dialogue is funny , in spite of itself . Avoid this dog , no offense to my canine friends !
 This movie starts great and really set the mood for a good horror movie . The actors are very believeable and I 'm a fan of the director 's previous work . So why one star you ask ? First I never really found this movie scary and I 'm soooo tired of the fast edit effects sorry blair witch is dead let it go directors ! Just because I can understand what 's happening Does not make you a sellout . The real reason I give this flick one star is for the last 40 minutes . When they enter the military base and all the soliders wants to do is rape a 14 year old that 's when the movie lost me . I have a strong stomach but I was sickened by such a cheap plot device just to make the military look bad . Did they stop their NOOO they have the military attempt to rape a second woman who happens to be black . What was the thinking their
 A very tacky , politically correct , horror sci/film that has nothing going for it except for a generic screenplay , bad acting , and very cheap special effects.The story starts with Jim -LRB- Cillian Murphy -RRB- waking up in deserted hospital in the middle of London . He soon realizes that the entire city is deserted and the film goes back in time to tell us how it got that way . It so happens that humans have been infected by a rage virus which takes 28 days to incubate . The virus was in experimental chimps who were freed by overzealous animal activists . The film then becomes a cat-and-mouse thriller between normal humans and infected humans.A very bland film with politically correct undertones about the value of liberal activists and the dangers of the military establishment . A very contrived film with a cheap plot , lousy acting , and lousier still special effects . Avoid at all costs !
 Yikes , another Euro Road trip through empty city-scapes , pursued by red-eyed zombies , with lots of close angle shots in the rain . It 's dog soldiers meets night of the living dead . Let the plague take this one . . I wo n't miss it , but you should .
 ... REVIEW ORIGINALLY PUBLISHED ON 17 SEPTEMBER , 2003 VIA AMAZON CANADAThe promotion for this movie here in Australia was full on . It was sleek effective marketing . I suspect it appeals to people who are nihilist & somewhat fall for Nostradamus ` end of the world ' gimmicks . The marketing was also misleading . I thought I would get more bang for my buck with zombies flying left , right & centre of the CINEMA screen . We did n't get this - it was very sparse . It was also very predictable stereotypical , what with the British military soldiers being sex maniacs & wanting to rape the two lead female actors -LRB- could this be a bad advertisement for our hard working army defence force troops -RRB- ? The only moments which had an emotional impact on me was when the skinny lead male actor in Cillian Murphy found his dead parents & sister in the house . It made me want to try to act more kind towards my parents on a more consistent basis . Christopher Eccleston -LRB- from ` The Others ' -RRB- was the best actor in the film . He exhumed a confident presence . Another unbelievable aspect of me for it was how the romance developed . Let 's face it , the black actress & the 15 year old girl were n't the most attractive females you would see . I would rather they -LSB- the producers cast -RSB- get more attractive people . I do n't know how they could fall in love in a short amount of time . Fair enough , she did save his life - but she 's neither pretty , let alone my type . The ending was lame too . If you want a ` zombie feast ' I suggest/urge you read the vivid book by Simon Clark called Blood Crazy -LRB- check out my link - I reviewed this book -RRB- . This book can be found on Amazon if you want to buy it . That is much better , more thought , philosophy & more blood . I 'd also advice 12 Monkeys -LRB- Brad Pitt & Bruce Willis -RRB- as an alternative better choice of movie with monkeys running amok & causing havoc with disease.Overall this movie ai n't that bad . I appreciate the expense it took to evacuate London & make it look empty . But the effect was n't strong . Vanilla Sky had an empty New York scene too & that had no impact on me too . Really film-makers have to work harder in that regards . All in all , it just did n't gel together this movie . Good while it lasted , though certainly overrated by the critics & the media . PS
 I 've only given this one star because it looks good but it really was terrible . I too have seen Silence of the Lambs , and was even more scared by Hannibal which i thought was vastly under-rated . Given the money that was obviously poured down the drain to make this I was appauled by its blatant product placement and the worst acting I think I 've ever seen in a film . Ignore the critics . Go see Red Dragon . Far superior .
 Ok , So I read all the press reviews about this being a great horror flick with a new twist on the `` zombie '' idea . On that premise I went to go see this movie ; Boy was it the most boring movie I 've ever seen . The media used to film the movie -LRB- digital -RRB- kind of took awhile to get over it on some sequences it `` felt '' right because it gave a sense that you where their with the character . That my friends is the only innovative thing about this movie . The characters where ok , what disappointed me was their was n't a moment that made my heart beat , They ONLY SHOW THE `` ZOMBIES '' SCENES LIKE THREE TIMES !!! WTH !! And believe me there was nothing special about these zombies . Most of the movie was talking . . no real good dialog either . `` JEEPERS CREEPERS '' , was a better movie then this junk , and we all know how GREAT `` jeepers creepers '' was . . `` piece of junk ! ''
 13 year old ` Scream ' fans rejoice ! You can finally watch a zombie film that does n't have any gorey scenes and will not insult your intelligence in the slightest ! I stumbled into this film cos I though it was the sequel to the awesome Sandra Bullock film '28 Days ' but was pleasantly surprised to find that it 's actually a horror which does everything right . Do n't be foooled by the fact that it 's foreign , this feel just like any Hollywood movie like ' 2 Fast 2 Furious ' or ` Bad Boys 2 ' ! This film is totally a breath of fresh air to the horror genre just like the US remake of ` Ringu ' . Highly original and does n't rip of ` Dawn of the Dead ' ` Omega Man ' or ` Day of the Triffids ' at all . I mean this film does n't have zombies that will kill and eat you , it has people infected with the `` rage virus '' -LRB- whoah I could have never came up with that name ! -RRB- that will kill you for your blood . And those empty street scenes , wow I 've never seen a movie that uses that cinematic effect before!The director is this really cool British guy who made ` Trainspotting ' you know the more harder edge version of ` Requiem for a Dream ' and he sure knows how to build suspense without using the old cat-jumps-out-of-closet trick.I sure am glad this was made with 13 year olds in mind too , I certainly do n't want to see a zombie film that show zombies biting people on camera , yuck ! It good too that it was n't made by one of those Itallian directors who might have shown guts on the screen or even hurt a real monkey , like in those sicko 70 's zombie and cannibal movies true horror fans avoid . The whole family can enjoy '28 Days Later ' and thats the way a horror film should be ! Also the suspense is fast like it was filmed by the same cinematographer who make those trippy `` Backstreet Boys '' MTV video clips , it sure is n't boring like those over-rated turkeys ` The Exorcist ' or ` Texas Chainsaw Massacre ' . I just ca n't epress my gratitude enough for Danyy Boyle and his fresh original horror film that push the boundries and is the scariest movie since ` Final Destination ' .
 Where do I get started ? How about in the toliet where this cheesy , worthless , crappy movie belongs . The movie is set in post-apocalyptic Britain , which has been rendered desolate by a biological virus that has turned the inhabitants into ... egadddsss ... blood puking , red eyed , f *** n zombies !!! Actually , they are n't even zombies . To become a zombie you first have to die , so why the hell are they referred to as zombies ? Just a prototypical example of the placidic ignorance that oozes from this piece of s ** t , low budget , cellar quality , over-hyped sh ** fest of a movie , or how about instead of movie we call it a two-hour insanity inducing torture device ? The first half-hour or so features the star -LRB- hahhhhahhah -RRB- walking around a deserted London . And he walks , and he walks , and he ... get the picture ? The writer must have thought that he was doing a brillant job to evoke the solitude of the post-apocalyptic atmosphere ... ever here of overkill pal ? At this point in the film I wanted to walk out -LRB- My God how merciful that would have been ! -RRB- and get the hell away from this cursed sh ** fest , but I was accompanied by friends and did n't want to leave because we did * pay * , yes actual money to see this sh ** . So this dumba ** guy wonders around , looking stupid -LRB- although he did n't have to look hard -RRB- and taking in the freakin scenery . By the way , he had been in a coma for 28 days , hence the name of the sh ** fest 28 Days Later . And he walks and walks some more ... HE LOVED TO WALK ! Finally he comes into contact with SURVIVORS ! Wow ! Zowsers ! But guess what ? Even though they are fighting for their lives , outnumbered a zillion to one by these plauge victims -LRB- oh sorry , ZOMBIES -RRB- they do not get a SINGLE GUN ? What the hell ? Who in their right freakin mind would not go get a damn gun in this situation ? So these two survivors hook up with the star , a great Omega Man rip-off , I still ca n't remember his name , nor do I want to ! So the zombies chase them -LRB- ohhhhhhh -RRB- and they run to this dumbass building where they escape and meet more survivors ! Yes ! They talk about how it never rains and they do n't have water . At this point my mind is friggin numb it would have taken electric shock therapy to resucitate a response from my poor brain . Then the Zombie Possee as I call them , get a message from this radio that says more people are alive ! I 'll be damned ! For an end of the world scenario there sure are a lot of surviors ! They then begin their journey to Eden away from the plague infested city , and almost get caught by the * scary * zombies . On their way to Eden they find a small farm . They sit and talk and look around , damned exciting stuff eh ? Oh man this is such a thrilling flick ! Look out Exorcist your mantle as scariest movie ever is barely holding on ! They then drive off in search of ... yes ` Eden ' . They find army soldiers at a military base , the dumb looking Omega Man rip-off is like ... `` Whoa dude ... this is heavy sh ** . '' If they had gone out on the streets of L.A. , found a drunken bum , who could not speak it would have been an infinitely better choice for this film 's star ! The budget for this film looked like it was around $ 100,000 ; counting the knock-off Omega Man 's salary ! After they find the source of the radio transmission the Zombie Possee discovers that these military men want to take the women of the party and party with them ! The Omega knock-off pulls some big time heroics and gets the living sh ** beat out of him ! And to add insult to injury they take his women ! The army commander takes Omega out to meet his pet zombie . He says that he keeps him so he can find out how long it takes them to `` starve '' to death . Another mile-wide in this dumbass flick 's plot . They explain nothing about why they `` starve '' , what in the hell are they talking about , starving ? Holey plot Batman , this movie sucks ! So the Omega-knockoff eventually gets free and rescues his lady friends . Omega then gets in a car with them and crashes the compound 's gate ... then those famous words appear ... 28 DAYS LATER -LRB- Damn !! Can you stand the suspense ?! -RRB- Omega and the girls find them a nice little country cottage and are living happily ever after , when all of a sudden a plane flies overhead ! END OF SH ## FEST.Final Analysis
 The movie itself is good . It deserves 4 stars . However , someone should be fired for allowing this on blu-ray . The quality is terrible . This never should have been a blu-ray . Buy the dvd version and enjoy .
 I really love this movie . I 've seen it 1,000 times.But the quality of the Blu-ray was terrible . It sounded and looked bad . About the only time you can really tell its a blu-ray disk was at the end.You 're better off just buying it on DVD .
 ... I found myself `` un `` involved & thinking about what I did earlier in the day . After a very boring first 20 minutes I thought that I 'd give the movie a few more minutes to pick up . Sadly it did n't pick up enough to hold my attention . I thought the film would have been right up my alley because I love zombie/horror , but it just seemed to take itself way to serious for it 's own good . And it 's not really a horror film at all . A few chase scenes and some bloody vomit does n't mean you have a horror film . All and all the biggest problem was that it was overwelmingly dull . 1 star for the chic that hacked up that dude who became infected .
 This is possibly one of the worst movies I have seen in my whole life . The idea of the movie was horrible in itself . Anger as a disease that is contagious and was spread to humans by monkeys ? Come on . After that opening scene I already knew how much I was going to hate the movie . After that they go forward in time 28 days and this guy wakes up in a hospital bed . They really do n't explain much about this guys character but he is the main character.This is the one part of the movie that I really enjoyed . They had a beautiful montage of him walking through an empty city . The camera angles were just right . After this it all began to go down hill.I 'm not going to reveal anymore of the plot incase you actually feel the need to destroy your precious brain cells and sit through this like I did . But I will say this . Through out the movie there are multiple plot holes and also a lack of a plot at times . I also noticed that a large majority of the movie just showed them driving in a car . They did that for at least 15 minutes of the movie without dialogue.Oh , and now onto dialogue . The dialogue was horribly weak in it . In fact they rarely even talked in the movie about anything relavent to the plot . And one thing that really irked me was that the infected humans barely made any appearences in the movie . I was really disappointed in that . They could of at least thrown in some more violence just so that you would be distracted from how horrible of a movie it was.Now for character development . There was none . All of the characters stayed the same throughout the whole movie . Except the main character . Throughout the whole movie he was n't violent at all and you could tell he had no intention of it . Then suddenly at the end of the movie he is brutaly slaughtering military soldiers . Hmmm , thats really random . They really never justified this change of his character it just happened.There was one thing that they did pretty good in it . The music fit in perfectly with every scene . I 'm really stretching hard here for positives but I am finding it quite difficult to do . Oh well , I give up . This concludes my rant on one of the worst movies I have ever seen .
 I admit it . I bought into the hype . This DVD sucks . Sucks . Sucks . Sucks . Did I say it sucks?I will not watch it again . Well , maybe again in 6 months , or more likely just to cut my loss , I 'll sell it to a friend I hate for $ 10 . Plus , the quality of the video sucks . It gets dis-configured and shifts , and is grainy and just sucks . It 's like watching low-light movies on cable that has been `` digitally compressed '' for my viewing pleasure.Not enough ? The audio is extremely quiet . I had my stereo and TV up to max volume and still could n't hear it.WHY DID I BUY THIS ?
 Some critic out there called this `` the scariest movie since ` The Exorcist ' '' . That has to be one of the most idiotic statements in the history of humankind . There is n't even so much as a nanosecond of scariness anywhere to be found in this trash heap of a movie . It starts off vaguely interesting , what with all of London being deserted except for one incredibly ugly naked man who wakes up ... you guessed it ... 28 days after the world is wiped out by a plague . He finally runs into some survivors who are n't `` infected '' and the rip off of `` The Stand '' continues . Then , in the middle of the film , with no warning whatsoever , we skip from a horror flick to a truly disgusting social commentary that makes you roll your eyes and ensures that , no matter what happens , you wo n't care . As it turns out , our `` heroes '' run into a miltary outpost full of soldiers concerned with nothing more than rape . And all of a sudden the zombies stop being the bad guys and the military takes over the job , because we all know that soldiers are far more dangerous than mass numbers of murderous zombies . Anyway , the film ends with ugly naked man -LRB- who by now is at least wearing pants -RRB- enlisting the support of one such zombie in order to kill the soldiers who are going to `` rape '' the other two , thus ensuring that the species will not procreate and therefore die off . Hooray ! . . That 's the gist of this amazingly bad movie . Do n't even bother renting it .
 This is a terrible movie . I watched it in the theater and was blown away by how cruddy it is . It starts out quite scary , * not the monkey part , but after * A man wakes up after a virus was released upon London , and he finds no trace of anyone still alive . This is fairly scary part , but it goes down hill rapidly from there . The `` zombies '' are nothing more than a person who has poor cordination , throws up blood , and babbles alot . They are NOT powerful , undead , or by any means unstoppable . This creates a very very very unscarry opponent . They take them out with no problem with just baseball bats . Anyone with a basic knowledge of a martial arts could just stand in the street and fight as many as they like until they needed to take a break.From what I have above , I would of gave it 2 stars . What happens next makes me want to give it 0 . They come across a highly trained group of soliders who fight in a team and use good fire control . These people take the 3 main stars into their fort to live with them . UNTIL later that night , you find out these soliders just want to have sex with the 2 female characters , well , the main dude aint having that , so he kills them all . Once it becomes obvious the soliders are bad guys , they loose all the skill they showed earliar . They fire their guns from their hips , they panic and drop their weapons , and they run around like mice , when just 10 minutes prior they took out 20 plus ` zombies ' without any trouble.The ended was one of the worst I have ever seen . They sew together a giant `` HELLO '' blanket to lay on the grass so an overpassing jet will radio for help for them . My first complaint is , why Hello ? Why not HELP or SOS , but HELLO ? Second . . they make mention that the jet has been flying over and not seeing them everytime they sewed something together . This is bogus , they are out in a pure green grass lands , and a jet pilot searching for surviors would not need to see a 30 foot blanket of HELLO , all they would need to see is a person or even a white flag . LOL i am getting upset just talking about it , terrible terrible movie .
 I watch this movie `` 28 Days Later '' with couple friends with intense expectation . Here 's my comment
 One of the worst movies I have ever seen . It seems to suggest that rage is a dangerous thing , but even the humans in this movie is full of a lot of rage . And then there is very bad acting
 When I pay premium for blueray , I expect the movie to be filmed in high definition . This was almost VHS quality . It should not be offered in Blueray , and the graininess was constantly irritating on my large screen . Possibly the lowest quality blueray I own except for some movies from the 70 's and 80 's . However , the movie was decent if you can get past the graininess . I would watch the movie again , but buy as regular DVD -LRB- which is still overkill for the quality of the grainy film -RRB-
 Warning - Movie spoilers below.I really wanted to like this film but it defies common sense.First there is the rehashed storyline of animal rights activist releasing infected primates from a laboratory.However , the defies common sense begins when Jim , a bicycle courier , wakes up after being hit by a car . Jim understandably YELLS for a nurse and when no one shows , pulls out his IV , gets dressed and walks outside his room looking for help . He sees evidence of violence everywhere and no people and without ascertaining whether the perpetrators were still around and whether the hospital staff have good reason to hide , Jimbo yells HELLO up and down the corridors while viewers cringe . Why is Jim smart enough to gather/stock up the sodas/food from a broken hospital vending machine but this same prudence did n't compel him to be stealthy until he could figure out who/what caused all the violence ? And why , when he is recovering from a coma/painful head injury and bleeding from a pulled out IV , did n't he yell HELP instead of HELLO ? And why , when he looks outside and sees a dead body next to an ambulance and someone walking in the background , did n't he yell HELLO to that moving someone if he felt safe to yell it everywhere else ? Instead , Jimbo walks out into the streets sees overturned buses , more obvious violence and front line newspapers screaming danger and proceeds to YELL HELLO again . No prudent person would do this . Jim then wonders into a church , see lots of dead bodies and several people moving about suspiciously and while the prudent person might wait quietly to see who are the good guys versus the bad , this idiot yells HELLO at the top of lungs again . He did n't yell hello when he sees one dead person by an ambulance with a single person walking by but feels its just fine to yell HELLO in a church full of dead bodies with several moving people ? Not un-expectantly he attracts Ragers and is saved by Mark and Serene who up to this point survived quite well without Dumbo around but they decide to save him and he rewards them by YELLING over and over again as they are running `` What is going on '' giving away their position . Once in their hideaway , Jim bangs and yells on their window possibly giving their position and crying he wants his mommy and daddy-like they do n't care about their families.At this point , one wonders if both the Rage and Dumbo 's stupidity is n't contagious because Selena and Mark stupidly placate Dumbo and risk their lives taking him home only to discover his parents committed suicide . Now prudence would again dictate that everyone sleep in the same room but this Dumbo suggests sleeping in separate rooms and is overruled by Selena . Then this idiot defies logic again and proceeds to watch home movies of his parents with the TV on loud and flickering though the windows . Dumbo also carries a flickering candle . If there is electricity to run home videos , why was he using candles ? Predictably the Ragers are attracted to the noise/light , break in and Mark and Selena wake up and save Dumbo 's life again while he cowers . Mark is bitten and is killed by Selena while Jim stupidly/cowardly watches . Selena is now stuck with a weak ninny of a partner instead of Mark . She even has to tell Dumbo to get his clothes and get ready to leave as more infected will come thanks to him.Selena and Dumbo see apartment building lights and head there . Dumbo lost his bag of food and carries only a bat while Selena carries both a weapon and a food/medicine backpack . As they climb the apartment stairs , they hear the infected and Selena hauls butt but Dumbo repeatedly YELLS WAIT UP pinpointing to the infected exactly where they are . Dumbo and Selena are saved by an apartment survivor named Frank but to their discredit leave him alone to fight off the monsters they led to him . Frank survives and he and Hannah , his child , give them shelter in their apartment . Frank took the calculated risk that even though his Christmas lights would attract the infected , they might also attract people to help him escape the building with his daughter as they could not do it alone . Bad luck for Frank 's small family to hook up with Dumbo.Wise Hannah and proven survivors Selena and Frank have to persuade wimpy fearful Dumbo to leave the apartment and go to an advertised military location . They escape in a taxi which Frank drives like a tank until they have flat tire . With Frank and Jim lifting the taxi , Hannah and Selena change the tire and they barely escape the ragers.At this point , again one wonders if Jim 's stupidity is n't contagious because survive by their wits up to this point Hannah , Frank and Selena behave stupidly . After barely escaping , they stop at a large glass fronted grocery store where they do not post a look out but instead joyously run wildly up and down the aisles making lots of noise in full view of the street and luck is with them - no infected . Later , they stop at a parked gas tanker and this time Selena smartly acts as a lookout while Frank siphons gas and Hannah is told to stay safely inside the taxi . Predictably Dumbo leaves the group to wonder around alone jokingly looking for a `` cheeseburger '' after Marlene tells him to stick together . Dumbo walks into the gas station , sees a dead body with evidence of violence all around proceeds to do what he does best YELL HELLO ! This time he is attacked.Later , they all sleep outside in the open , defying common sense , and build a nice fire to attract lots of monsters but luckily none show up . Even more stupidly , Dumbo wakes up Selena to ask how she is sleeping when he and Hannah can not . Defying life and death common sense , the normally smart Selena gives Dumbo Valium and Dumbo persuades the normally smart Frank to let him give young Hannah Valium also . Dumbo laughingly says they wo n't care if they get attacked now . Monsters are crawling all over and they take Valium ? Worse , Frank stays up all night keeping watch and Dumbo and Selena do n't offer to spot him . Next day Frank is cranky from lack of sleep and gets angry when there is no one at the military area . Frank goes off by himself , gets annoyed by a crow and kicks a wall causing a drop of blood to fall into his eye from a hanging body infecting him . Selena does n't have her weapon and yells at Dumbo to kill Frank with his bat and the idiot hesitates so soldiers kill Frank.The contrived `` romance '' between Selena/Jim insulted viewer intelligence . Their kiss was reminiscent of the kiss between Marie Presley/Michael Jackson.The soldiers take them to their compound where the major actually cups Dumbo 's head in his hand like a child treating him exactly like the moron he is . And , one realizes if Hannah and Selena had n't been with Jim , this major would put Jim -LRB- with his large expressive eyes/hairless body/delicate frame -RRB- into a pink striped kitchen smock and forced him into the existing `` role '' the cook there was already performing.It defies viewer 's logic to believe this ineffective wimpy Dumbo escapes the soldiers -LRB- and later miraculously his large black plastic or metal handcuffs -RRB- and saves the girls from being sex slaves . They escape ; settle in a not so safe place as cameras pan in on roaming monsters and then pan in on child Hannah working outside all alone . Viewers cringe again as no reasonable adult would allow this.Naturally , they make a huge sign to signal a plane and the sign does n't say SOS or HELP but says HELLO ! Defies common sense.NOTE
 Blu-Ray Quality is Horrible . Skip it skip it skip it . There 's no excuse for this anymore , maybe if it was a hand held camera like Cloverfield it 'd be fine .
 Let me say this first
 wow . i love this movie , BUT i rented -LRB- glad i did -RRB- this movie from netflix on blu ray . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THE BLU-RAY VERSION OF THIS MOVIE.there is probably a reason it only costs $ 20 on blu-ray . think about it . need i say more ?
 I love horror movies . I really do . This is n't a horror movie , it 's just horrible . After the first few minutes , the only reason I continued to watch this was because my boyfriend was watching it and there was n't anything better to do . It 's awful . I do n't get why people think this is a good movie or even comparable to the exorcist . It 's slow moving and just plain BAD . I do n't get how it gives you something to think about ... I 'm convinced these people are just in denial about how awful this movie really was and they 're trying to talk themselves into liking it .
 What was this ? It was cool for like 5 mins when he was the only one there walking around by himself . Very boring I couldnt ' t wait for it to be over.Every movie gets one star for trying .
 i do n't own the dvd but i saw the movie in theaters and let me just say DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY . if you have n't seen the movie then do n't buy the DVD . it 's a horrible incredibly stupid and NOT SCARY movie . if you saw the movie and liked it -LRB- all two of you out there -RRB- then by all means buy the DVD , but if not DO N'T DO IT
 After seeing the previews , and then the interviews with people during and after the movie who were shown screaming in the theater and singing praises to it 's horror , my boyfriend and I were excited to see 28 Days Later . But after the first 20 minutes I was ready to demand my money back -LRB- my boyfriend , however , is stubborn and wanted to finish it -RRB- . Do n't get me wrong - I admire Cillian Murphy and Danny Boyle , and the use of digital filming was very creative . However , it was n't scary in the least . It was a joke . And the whole `` end-of-the-world , women-as-sex-slaves bit was ridiculous . If this were a first-time director using homemade props and kitchen-brewed special effects , I might be slightly impressed . Oh , I know it was a `` low budget independent film '' - it 's budget was a mere $ 8 million . $ 8 million !?! Give me a break!As a movie fan , especially sci-fi type flicks , I am completely baffled by the good reviews given to this movie by other people . Like one of those who did rate it -LRB- in my mind -RRB- accurately , it makes me wonder if I saw the same movie everyone else did . The only explanation I can come up with is mass hallucination , perhaps via spiked popcorn , and as we did n't munch that time , we managed to escape the poisoning ... If you insist on seeing this movie , I would advise you to go in with very low expectations ; maybe then you wo n't have as far to fall as we did .
 If I had the movie on DVD and used an up converter , it would look better than this . Other than that , the movie is an excellent one.But do n't dish out extra cash hoping to get something of 1080p quality .
 I do n't know why but this movie does not look good on Blu-Ray at all . Could be my player -LRB- PS3 -RRB- but it looks like it was upcoded badly . Would not recommend . I have six other Blu-Ray that look perfect . Do n't know what happened to this one .
 When I left after seeing this movie I have to say I was honestly not impressed at all . I thought it was boring and just plain weird . I left the theater thinking `` what the hell was that '' . I thought the plot was just stupid and there were certain scenes that were simply unnecessary . Some scenes look as if they were just thrown in there to add time to the movie so the movie was n't only 30 minutes . The opening is probably the most boring since there is about 15 minutes of nothing except a man walking around an empty city . I understand that was used to show that everyone died but for goodness sakes did it have to seem like it went on for days ? I got the point after about 2 minutes of it . I did not like it and do not recommend it to people usless they really really like the zombi coming back to life and killing humans so they can live thing . I think this is a movie you either love or hate , there is no in between and for me it is all hate .
 the particular tape that I received is defective I should have returned it . May you guys can buy it back .
 I just watched this film and am quite perplexed as to how it garnered good reviews and so much attention when it was theatrically released . Shot on digital video , this is an extremely cheap , visually ugly film which rips off George Romero 's zombie trilogy , especially elements of Day of the Dead -LRB- the weakest of the Romero trilogy -RRB- and also adds in what are now hoary cliches from other post-apocalypse films . The film 's one inventive touch is that the virally infected do n't lumber around aimlesly but are infused with an almost superhuman strength and speed . Other than that , I wo n't belabor you with my litany of complaints about this film , since there 's already a surfeit of negative reviews posted . However , I was particularly offended by the deliberate stupidity of some the plot , such as the infected soldier who is chained up , who you just KNOW is going to get loose to wreak havoc , and the putative hero Jim 's act of setting him free , and the whole last act of the film .
 Wow , was this movie a disappointment ! On the DVD box it is suggested that this is a `` terrifying film . '' Try boring and un-scary instead . It is `` terrifyingly bad '' and should n't even be considered a `` horror '' film at all .
 28 days later I still feel the same . This has got to be the most over rated movie of all time . Before watching this turkey every critic and every review was boosting this crap . Saying how original the movie is , how terrifying it is and how great the directing is , boy have they changed since . Where was the originality ? Where 's the terror ? What Directing ? There 's hardly no action , no blood and theirs nothing in it that could scare a six year old . Do n't believe the hype , if you want to watch some thing scary try the Ring , Exorcist , anything but this . I have never been so bored in my like , however , on the good side , if you have trouble sleeping then definitely rent this .
 Points
 So sad when I got to watch one of my favorite movies in `` hi def '' and the picture quality seamed worse then the dvd . Felt like watching a vhs someone had spilled beer on .
 This movie likes to think that it has a very original plot . It does not . This movie is a pathetic attempt on a plot that has been used over and over again in much better movies . The acting sucks and the movie is so BORING . I couldnt wait for it to be over . There was a total lack of suspense and the opening of the film is the the most boring and mundane that I have ever seen . P.S. . This movie is NOT scary . Anyone that thinks so has a very very limited experience with horror . Skip this crap .
 I wanted to love this movie . I really did . I love zombie films . But this film not only falls apart on its own logic , it `` borrows '' heavily from the zombie films that came before . In the film , a virus has gotten out of a research facility and spreads throughout England , transforming the general populace into mindless maniacs -LRB- or zombies , as Danny Boyle referred to them -RRB- . The main characters quickly find themselves in a world thrown into chaos , and discover that the rampaging hordes outside might not be the worst thing they have to face.Okay , without giving to much away , let me explain the movie 's basic zombie logic . A human being is infected with the virus -LRB- which should n't have gotten out of the research facility it was in in the first place -RRB- , and then turns into a highly aggressive killer . Now , those infected are n't dead . They 're still living human beings . But they kill everyone they meet . But if they kill every un-infected person they meet , how are there more of them ? Would n't they kill themselves off ? Apparantly there are thousands , if not millions , of wounds being delivered , but no killing , I guess . Oh man , such scary monsters.This movie also reeks of the classic Romero trilogy . You can literally call off scenes from Night , Dawn , and Day of the Dead that are in 28 Days Later . It 's like watching a Cliff 's Notes version of the trilogy , but with less logic . If you 're in the mood for a good zombie film , check out any of the Romero films , Dead Alive , or Evil Dead 2 . But do n't waste your time with this one .
 Just another Dawn of the Dead copyier . Was awful do n't waist your money . Watch Resident Evil instead !!!!
 Wasnt the worst ive ever seen but it was bad . It wasnt a horribly bad movie . The begining of the film looked promising and original and kept your interest for the first hour or hour and a half but the end sucked . Started getting repetitive and boring in the last hour . Had promise but disapointed . Id definetly recomend this over the zombie movie Resident evil which was about 1 and a half stars . This is a 2.5 or 3 stars . It had cool looking zombies and an interesting plot but overall fell short and disapointed . Also on the back cover it says -LRB- scarier than the exorcist -RRB- - THATS a JOKE . It got old after awhile and Its nowhere near as scary as the classic horror movies . Its sci fi . Another comment on the back says -LRB- it will haunt you for days -RRB- - ANOTHER JOKE . Id recomend this to you if you like sci fi or zombies just to see it but I wouldnt recomend it to you if you are not into that .
 This movie was hyped a lot , but by the time I saw it , I just did n't feel it was very scary or shocking.I really liked the scene that the Ave Maria was playing over 'cause that 's good music , but the move never really takes off.There 's a bit where a bunch of CGI rats come running through and I 'm thinking , cor ! It 's finally beginning . But no , not really.If you look at some classic zombie films , like Dawn of the Dead or Day of the Dead , there are zombies who stand out . A hare Christina , Bub , the clown . And topping the bland zombies is an even blander cast of humans.Even the worst Italian low budget zombie films , like Zombie 3 & 4 are more entertaining.This is , like , art , or something and so is n't allowed to be entertaining .
 Buy the DVD for < $ 10 . Your Blu-ray player will upscale the SD video so that it is indistinguishable from the Blu-ray . I 'm sure they put this movie on Blu-ray because it was shot almost entirely with a digital camera . So , the transfer was quick . Unfortunately , the movie was shot with one of the early Canon X Series digital camcorders . So , the resolution for `` hi-def '' simply does not exist . They upscaled the SD digital image before putting it on the Blu-ray , but any Blu-ray player will upscale the DVD for you . BUY THE DVD . THIS IS A RIPOFF ON BLU-RAY .
 When initial reports about Danny Boyle 's `` 28 Days Later '' began filtering in to my headquarters , I exulted aloud about the possibilities of a resurgence of the zombie genre . Could we dare hope for a return to the days when films like Lucio Fulci 's `` Zombie '' and the Romero pictures appeared with frightening regularity ? Well , all hopes for more pictures featuring the walking dead , at least in the traditional sense , dimmed considerably after I finally watched this movie . Boyle 's oeuvre commences with one slam-bang scene after another before settling down to a rather mundane series of events . An uneven movie in every respect , `` 28 Days Later '' did not maintain this viewer 's interest . This zombie picture does not improve significantly on the traditional shambling dead films of the 1970s and 1980s . History will consign it to the cinematic ash heap labeled with the `` They tried but could not quite pull it off '' tag . A true pity since the filmmakers actually explored a few intriguing ideas that should have worked.Jim -LRB- Cillian Anderson -RRB- wakes up from a coma to an unfamiliar world . There does not seem to be anyone around , not in his room nor in the entire hospital . Wandering through the deserted corridors , all he finds is desolation and destruction . Litter drifts along the floors , chairs and equipment lie in heaps , and an eerie silence hangs oppressively . Jim 's sense of awe about his surroundings grows by leaps and bounds as he walks out into the street . He finds no one , not a single , solitary living soul anywhere in the city . His footfalls echo down abandoned London streets as birds soar amidst the silent buildings . The occasional wrecked automobile and a bulletin board plastered inches deep with missing person notices hint at some sort of enormously ominous event having occurred while Jim slumbered on a gurney . With no other place to go in the immediate vicinity , he wonders into a church only to espy mounds of bodies heaped in the pews . Then , he hears a roar of rage . As Jim turns to flee the building , a priest lurches out of a shadowy doorway , moving strangely and mumbling unintelligibly . The man of the cloth suddenly charges our hero , and the game is afoot . As he races from the church and retreats down the street chased by several of these people , two strangers rescue him by heaving Molotov cocktails at the pursuers . Congratulations . You just finished watching the best part of `` 28 Days Later . `` Jim learns from his two saviors that a virus unleashed from a medical lab by a bunch of save the earth types swept England , turning ordinary citizens into frothing at the mouth zombies fueled by an boundless rage . The living attempted to leave the country even as the virus spread to points beyond the United Kingdom . As soldiers set up roadblocks throughout the country , civilization gave way to anarchy . After Jim learns his parents took the easy way out , and after a close call with one of the rage filled zombies that resulted in the demise of one of his rescuers , he and Selena -LRB- Naomie Harris -RRB- meet up with Frank -LRB- Brendan Gleeson -RRB- and his daughter Hannah -LRB- Megan Burns -RRB- . The four set out for a checkpoint that is still sending a radio signal promising a cure . After a lengthy trip that bonds the four together , they discover that the soldiers at the military installation do not promise a cure . These motley men , led by a Major Henry West -LRB- Christopher Eccleston -RRB- , are largely content to defend their perimeter from the occasional zombie incursions . Moreover , as time goes by the men begin to show sinister interest in Selena and Hannah , much to the consternation of Jim . What started out as a promising film loaded with suspense rapidly disintegrates into a rather pedestrian attack on the big old bad military . `` 28 Days Later '' still sports heaping quantities of gore , solid performances from a mostly unknown cast , and a strong central premise . The idea that rage could one day turn people into mindless zombies is a good one . When you have zombies , you also have suspense , which Boyle realizes through several tension filled scenes in a dark tunnel and in an abandoned roadside marketplace -LRB- shades of `` Dawn of the Dead '' in the latter -RRB- . The use of digital cinematography works well by giving the movie a candy colored dream-like quality that makes the violence all the more effective when zombies burst on the scene out of nowhere . It 's so heartbreaking that Boyle allowed the picture to turn into a by the numbers chase movie after the group arrives at the military base . The massive PR campaign launched when this film came out , and the attendant hubbub among the horror crowd , probably insures that a sequel could amble down the road in the near future . The conclusion of the film should quell rumors of a `` 28 Days Later , Part 2 '' - would they call it `` 31 Days Later '' ? - but always remember good box office receipts never stopped Hollywood from trying.The DVD contains more extras than you would expect on a single disc . It offers commentaries , deleted scenes , a behind the scenes featurette , storyboards , a music video , galleries , and three disappointing alternate endings . One of these conclusions consists of nothing other than storyboards with voice-overs from the filmmakers . The other two offer nothing radically different from the one we get in the film . Thinking about the picture in retrospect , I am surprised that I can not find the heart to recommend it . Horror fans will obviously see it no matter what anyone says , as I did , but moviegoers looking for a scary movie could do much better by choosing amongst a host of other similarly themed films that work much better than this one .
 28 Days Later was one of the worst movies I have ever seen . I am a horror movie fanatic ; 28 Days Later was disappointing . It did n't even make much sense . Truthfully , it is not even worthy of being rated 1 star . I tried to make the best out of the movie though . At first it will put you to sleep , but it got a little interesting throughout , but overall , it is a horrible movie . The ending is terrible . It 's not even really a `` horror movie . '' There is no action in the movie whatsoever . I ca n't honestly say one good thing about this movie . This movie was a BIG MISTAKE .
 This movie was extremely overrated . It didnt make me jump once and I actually started to fall asleep while I was watching this . I wonder how much of the actual movie wound up on the chopping block . ONe of my acquaintances , David Schow wrote the screenplay for a movie called Leatherface which got cut to shreds on the preproduction floor so I realize how that can happen . If you want to see a really disturbing and truly scary movie see Cabin Fever its much better .
 As a zombie fan , I was very excited about a supposedly classy zombie film fresh out of the UK . Major letdown -- even ` Children Should n't Play With Dead Things ' had a better script . I would have fallen asleep if I were n't so annoyed with how despicably Romero was ripped off . There are a handful of great zombie movies ; there are legions of entertaining zombie B movies ; and there are a handful of miserable zombie movies . '28 Days Later ' is , sadly , in the final category .
 i am a huge fan of horror movies so when i heard this movie was the scariest thing since the exorcist , i checked it out right away.oh my god , do n't believe it . i actually laughed when that kids dad got infected.not worth a moment of your time .
 A major , major disappointment derived from a clever but thin premise
 With the exception of the opening 10 minutes , 28 Days Later fails completely . The scenes of the Jim -LRB- Cillian Murphy -RRB- walking around an abandoned , completely deserted London are creepy and un-nerving . The scenes that hint at mystery and unknown danger are far more intriguing than the rest of the movie.As soon as Jim hooks up with other survivors the scares are lost . Danny Boyle stupidly telegraphs every jump to the point of disqualification . When the survivors leave London and are ` rescued ' by a bunch of thuggish army louts it degenerates into extremely cruddy sub-straight-to-video nonsense . I 've never seen a film lose its way so badly as this . What could have been really exciting and scary ends up being too cheap and confused.There are hardly any ` zombies ' in this movie . Any action or thrills are over within seconds and the complete lack of logical thinking -LRB- even within the morally bankrupt army -RRB- becomes annoying.It did appreciate the raw-looking photography , it gave the movie a realistic edge but it 's soon ruined as the plot meanders and does n't know what to do . Cillian Murphy was quite good as the hero but the woman playing Selena was too brutish and hostile to be sympathetic . I did like Brendan Gleeson 's character but he was n't in it long enough.Mainly , 28 Days Later suffers badly from minimal plotting , awkward characters , a distinct lack of scares and a corny ending that 's out of sync with everything that preceded it . Danny Boyle should NOT attempt horror again.The DVD is in 1.78:1 anamorphic widescreen with Dolby 5.1 sound . Extras include a commentary , documentary and deleted scenes . The cut scenes -LRB- and alternate ending -RRB- are worthless and not interesting.For a superior and more exciting zombie movie wait for the new Dawn of the Dead to hit DVD . In the meantime , rent this one .
 The movie is not what I expected ... and that 's a bad thing . I mean , the movie was good for awhile and keeps me at the edge of my seat . -LRB- Which by the way , the movie is about a man that survives not having a virus in him that makes him evil and scary with red eyes , who 's trying to get the heck out of there . It 's like `` Resident Evil '' . -RRB- But in the end , that 's what I do n't get and makes me mad that I waste my uncle -LRB- s -RRB- or auntie -LRB- s -RRB- money ! Sorry ! :-LRB- So , do n't watch it !
 The ending killed this movie . I would have given it four stars if the ending had left a sour feeling in my stomach , but it did n't . The `` what if '' alternate ending is a little better , but , without giving anything away , the ending was just too happy . The first hour and a half of this movie were terrific , I was spellbound , but everything just fell apart in the last twenty minutes and the ending was just so typical . The ending was so bad that it reminded me of your average , run of the mill Hollywood horror movie . This brought to mind the bad ending of the novel `` Hannibal '' by Thomas Harris . I read 700 pages of pure bliss only to be totally let down in the last chapter . This is what 28 Days later did for me . I hope Danny Boyle 's next movie is as good as `` Trainspotting . ''
 Sadly , it 's NOT a sequel to Sandra Bullock 's '28 Days ' - I think I would have enjoyed it more if it had have been.I thought it would have been creepy . It was n't . I thought the main characters would have ended up being infected . They were n't . The underlying love story ? Adam & Eve nonsense , two people forced together , due to them having to repopulate the world or whatever.So what exactly was the point of this film ? It seemed disjointed , and seemed to have no idea what direction it wanted to go in . And I nearly fell asleep during it , although I was coming close , and struggling to keep my eyes open , when thankfully it got switched off . Only kidding . It got paused . But that gave me the chance to wake myself and splash my face with cold water . And then I watched the rest of the film . Interesting as it was.It 's a British film , which means Americans would n't like it , but if they 'd done this kind of film , they probably would have over-dramatised it and maybe made a better job . -LRB- I said maybe -RRB- Being a British movie , it had a real edge to it , to see what Danny Boyle was going to come up with now.The whole love story was totally dense , and felt like it was put together at the last moment . And for any ladies reading this , would you honestly go up to a guy and kiss him , when he 's covered in blood ? Something tells me you would n't . Why did there have to be a love story anyway?There are actually some good points to this movie . Seeing main cities , like London , completely deserted . No people , no cars , nothing . It felt rather eerie.If you like these kind of non-interesting movies , which no one else owns , or even likes , then sure , go for it . Just do n't expect a sequel to 28 Days .
 My wife hates horrors , I love them , but if she says this is not horror at all , beleve her it is not . I liked the idea of creating fresh apocalyptic event , the virus named `` rage '' that spreads with the speed of light . The movie should have ended within the first 5 min when you realise that everyone is dead just few people here and there that are not going to last long enough to keep the humanity alive . But the movie drags on further to show you how those survivors act in this apocalyptic event.In just 28 days the virus infects the whole world - at least that is what director wants you to beleive at the begining of the movie . The end shows it is not the whole world just the island that was quarantineed to stop the spread . So the complete point of the movie was to show how humanity behavies in this horrific event ... Not worthed watching at all.This movie is not horror at all , the only scary thing is the idea of having virus like that infect us . I would say that even a kid can watch this movie despite the bloddy scenes . Infected humans that attack only at night are far from scary zombies seen in other horrors.In few words this movie lacks all elements of good film but most of all its scenario was poor and draged over full lenght completly not neccesary and almost no action or dynamics , maybe few scenes but they were completely out of synch with revealing the plot -LRB- if there is anything to be revealed , it is just too transparent and predicatable from begining -RRB- I would give it 2 for the efforts put into it , and for some good ability of the director to make something out of such a lowsy script.One of the worst movies I 've ever watched .
 `` 28 Day `` s starts out well . Yes , you see `` Omega Man '' -LRB- not to mention the best of all - the fine 1964 Vincent Price film `` Last Man on Earth '' -RRB- and Romero 's Dead films . But there 's a trippy topical newness to the start of 28 Days , as animal rights terrorists -LRB- and there are such groups -RRB- release a havoc causing virus into the British population . The jerky camera work is effective , in the short term . And up until Jim and his little group gets out of London , there is some serious dread . -LRB- The zombies are the most jacked up zombies in the horror canon . -RRB- But the movie 's mixed signals start multiplying quickly . I suppose one should n't think too hard about the story , but the genius of Romero -LRB- and others -RRB- , is that you keep it somewhat simple . For example , `` 28 Days '' hints at Jim 's Catholicism , even has some music to reinforce it , and then does nothing with it . Next , you have bike-courier Jim carrying on like a Special Forces guy , kicking both zombie and bad soldier behind . Rambo or St. Francis ? One reason I rode with this split for a while , is that there were hints that there may or may not be something wrong with Jim . Was he infected in some way ? A hybrid ? Who knows ? He certainly has his I-love-violence moments where one could draw parallels , due to the obvious direction of the film , between him and the zombies . And in one scene , he goes out of his way to seek it out . But the dots are never connected . And then there 's whole second half of the movie , which is a wash . The rogue soldiers looking for women to start their new world seems pretty silly and contrived even by horror flick standards . What 's also silly is how these same heavily armed soldiers ca n't kill a single zombie or bike courier in the movie 's last 10 minutes . Jeez , these guys are soft when something bad gets in the house . The mean little kids from `` Lord of the Flies '' could of done more with less.So in other words , 28 Days fails for quite a few reasons . Yes , it has energy and is stylish -LRB- especially if you like strobe lights -RRB- , at least for about 20 or 30 minutes . And then the virus wears off . And it 's only those effective minutes that get the two stars .
 This movie wants to be great and could have been great . But it 's almost as if two people were arguing when they wrote it
 I rented 28 days later based on coworkers hype about thismovie . I was a bit disappointed that the movie was solow budget looking . Also , the movie lacked a lot of thehumor that I expect in these kind of movies . I guess themovie was suppossed to shock more than entertain , butthat 's not why I go to the movies .
 Decent film marred by various illogicalities and derivative plot identical to Cronenberg 's Rabid and Romero 's Living Dead films . I did n't care about the characters , mainly because their actions were often unbelievably idiotic . Take for example a scene at night -- with rabid zombies roaming about -- our protagonists squabble about falling in love and f**king . Stupid . Another moment that sticks in my memory involves the silly third act , with Cillian Murphy freeing a shackled zombie at the military outpost in hopes that it will `` naturally '' kill the nefarious soldiers who are holding his two friends captive . Also , the demise of the character played by Christopher Eccleston , who 's hiding in a car , waiting for our heroes , shoots Cillian 's character -LRB- Jim -RRB- ; Brendan Gleeson 's daughter takes off in the car with Eccleston -- going in reverse -- and `` naturally '' drives next to the aforementioned zombie . The zombie busts through the back of the car , taking Eccleston . Ridiculous.This film has nothing on Cronenberg and Romero .
 Now let me see if I 've got this straight . A virus has been released that is so fast acting and potent that completely eradicates any need to explain what it is as well as the plot of this movie . We do not know why zombies have red eyes , hate the sun -LRB- are they vampire zombies -RRB- ? Or why they have to puke their guts out ! -LRB- Are they bulemic -RRB- ? We then come across a man named Tim lying in a hospital bed completely naked . Apparently the hospitals in England -LRB- or where ever it was -RRB- do n't dress their patients in hospital gowns or even cover them up in sheets . He is apparently there for a head wound that is n't even bandaged up.ANYWAY he gets out of bed , finds some clothes and goes wandering the steets that have been deserted yelling `` Hello ? '' to nobody . This is the only dialogue spoken for what seemed liked 10-15 minutes . Despite the fact that there are no cops around he gets scared off by a car alarm.ANYWAY he goes into a church where he finds a massive group of bodies laying there . As it turns out they are zombies because our guy yells `` Hello ? '' and wakes them up . -LRB- Zombies need sleep ? -RRB- After fending off a zombie priest , he takes to the streets again and wanders them until he comes across 2 people still alive but who very nearly kill him because they think he 's a zombie . They then go to Tim 's parents ' house . Tim 's parents are lying peacefully dead in their bedroom . But at least they were considerate enough to leave him a note before they died ! After they 've raided the pantry , zombies burst in and are easily killed by the film 's heroine . After they leave Tim 's parents ' house they go off in search of more survivors . They eventually find a man and his daughter in an apartment complex . They are able to find them because the guy and his daughter put up Christmas lights outside their window which is completely visible from the street . And they wonder why so many zombies find them!ANYWAY they discover a radio transmission broadcast by what sounds like the military and the promise of salvation . So they set out trying to find this place riding along the countryside -LRB- and not seeing a single zombie in sight -RRB- . Along the way they get a flat tire in a tunnel filled with abandoned cars . With zombies bearing down on them they make the fastest tire change in history with the 13 year old girl tightening down the lugnuts . -LRB- She 's strong ! -RRB- This European car thens climbs on top of and drives over an entire gridlock full of cars !!! Maybe the rage virus got into the engine and turned it into A RAGIN ' MONSTER TRUCK !!! And despite the fact that they could not hide from the zombies in the most obscure places they are somehow able to sleep outdoors in the great wide open completely unbothered !!! Eventually , they find a group of military vehicles . The father turns into a zombie when a single drop of infected blood falls from somewhere and hits him right in the eye . BULLSEYE !!! The soldiers appear out of nowhere and gun down the father . The soldiers then take Tim , the heroine , and the daughter to a house being used as a compound . We then learn the real reason the soldiers put out that radio signal is because they 're -LSB- lonely -RSB- ! They want the heroine and the daughter -LRB- who looks all of 13 years old -RRB- for sex . Tim decides that is n't right so he starts a fight with the soldiers and releases a zombie the soldiers had been keeping as a pet . The zombie has fun feasting on the soldiers . Chaos ensues , and eventually they make their getaway in their car driven by the daughter who plows right into a cast iron fence with a big chain on it . Do n't worry , they all survive and live happily ever after in a nice farmhouse that does n't have any bedsheets because they 've stitched them all together in a big sign that says HELLO.Uh , hello ? Come on people , we can do better than this , ca n't we ?
 I just got a BD player a month or two ago , to go along with my Samsung 67 '' 1080P TV . I bought WALL-E , LOST S4 and the Dark Night as soon as they were available . AMAZING experiences , all of them . BD really makes a difference on a big screen . I also rented a number of recent releases , and each one of them stunned me in clarity and color and contrast . So after all that , I assumed that all BDs were amazingly superior to their DVD counterparts . Given that assumption , I was so excited when 28DL came out on BD . I LOVE that move , and I have it on DVD . I wanted so bad to see it in glorious HD . WHAT A COMPLETE JOKE ! If anything , this BD looks WORSE than the DVD . How can they get away with selling this on BD ?! I wish I 'd read the reviews before purchasing this turd.I did learn a valuable lesson though
 I would not recommend you to see this horrible movie . First off , the ending was ridiculous . It started off with promise along the line with Kubrick 's `` A Clockwork Orange , '' and then it turned into a very Hollywood version of `` Gunfight and the OK Corral . '' For this , Boyle left Hollywood for indie filmmaking ??? Another problem I had with this movie was its implausibility . If the infecteds were filled with rage to kill -- then why were they killing only the uninfected people and not each other ? Finally , I also had a problem with the ending . I wo n't spoil it for those who have n't seen the movie yet -- just let me say that it was a major letdown . Very corny . Boyle has a good eye for filmmaking . Maybe one of these days he 'll actually make a good movie .
 One of the worst films I 've ever had to endure ... went to it based on good reviews here -LRB- yuck -RRB- and my positive experience with previous work -LRB- trainspotting -RRB- ... characters were narrow , boring and depth of a wading pool ... with the woman as usual victums and `` love '' interest developed upon NO substance ... if you are young , boring , uneducated , I recommend you see this loaded so you can enjoy , otherwise -- skip it !
 The quality of the blu-ray is about the poorest I have ever seen . What was the purpose of the transfer ? I wish we 'd kept the DVD.And , by the way , the front insert says , `` BEYOND HIGH DEFINITION . '' Total lie . Total rip-off .
 I do n't know what happened , but arguably the transfer to Blu-Ray is worse than the DVD . Do not purchase the blu-ray version !
 Why did this movie get rave reviews ? It was too long , too boring , and DID NOT rewrite the `` zombie genre '' which so many people claimed it did . I found the the plot jumpy and inconsistent . There was no real `` feel '' of terror . All that being said , I think the main thing that failed this movie was the outside over-hype . It was nothing that I expected , because if it had been , then it would have been good . Sorry , ca n't recommend this one .
 The Blu-Ray video quality for much of the movie is so bad , it 's worse than the average movie on DVD . The last few scenes are better , but for much of the movie you will be wincing at how ugly the picture is . DO NOT BUY !!!
 What was this ? I could n't tell if it was horror movie , or a movie like Signs , where it 's a drama and the aliens were just to make the religous story more interesting . And the brief comic relief scene in the supermarket did n't even go into place . One second there 's suspenseful scary music and the next there 's comical music with `` funny '' scenes . It was very confusing and just not right.I love the idea . That is what drew me to watch this in the first place . If they kept going with that , this would be a great horror film . Every horror film they make nowadays has the combination of horror , drugs , and sex , and it normally does n't work . The movie starts off with newsflashes . A monkey is connected to this machine and he 's watching the news , bad news , causing him to be infected with rage . That 's alright , untill an animal rights group comes in and free 's all of the infected monkeys , ignoring one of the scientist 's warnings . One of the monkey 's kill a member of the group and ... 28 Days Later ... We see a nude man waking up in a hospital bed . This is Jim . After putting on a robe and walking outside he finds a deserted city . Unaware of anything that has happened in the past 28 days , Jim walks around the empty city yelling `` Hello ?! '' and getting no answer . Thats is untill he opens the door to a church and finds the pews filled with zombie like creatures -LRB- still good , so far -RRB- and gets attacked by a rabid priest . Running away into the night he is cornered by more of the zombie creatures , but is saved by Selena and Mark , two uninfected people who inform him never to go out at night , which is when the infected come out.Jim discovers that his parents are dead . He joins Selena , who killed Mark after he became infected , and the two meet two more surviors Frank and his daughter Hannah , who have locked themselves in thier apartment . After a few days of staying with them , they hear a radio broadcast from Major Henry West , promising a sanctuary of some sort , and the four head off to get there , whilst dealing with the monsters who now roam the U.K. in the messed up world.The film went down under sometime during their quest to get to the sanctuary . I 'll give you the clue of about two minutes after Frank kicks a fence . The last forty five minutes in the miltary retreat was pointless . It changed the entire point and plotline of this movie . Nothing happened but useless conversation and a non-suspense rape subject sequence.The most gory scene is when Selena kills Mark about he becomes infected . It comes almost at the very beginning so it 's not like I 'm ruining anything for you . It was horrible . Extremly graphic and horrify , I was shocked about that . Just the idea is horrible , and not the actually blow . The movie is n't scary after the first half hour-forty five minutes . It 's just plain disturbing . So is the part I liked . It 's becomes to a point where the content of the film is scary , but the plot . Just the idea of it all . Wait for the video.ENJOY!Rated R for strong violence and gore , language and nudity .
 ok 1st im gon na say i hate this film mostly because it isnt what i expected ; which is to say that it isnt what EVERYONE seems to referr to it as : a zombie movie THIS IS ABSOLUTELY NOT A ZOMBIE MOVIE.just so we 're all clear on what exactly makes a zombie film here it is : ZOMBIES there are none in this movie not one.dont believe the lies these are not zombies -LRB- or ghouls -RRB- they are not reanimated corpses they are disease victims.if you stab them they can bleed to death they can starve/dehydrate and you dont have to shoot them in the head to kill them . this is 1 of the worst cases of perpetuated misrepresentation i have ever seen this is merely another plague movie all well and good -LRB- though not generally my thing -RRB- but dont try to fool people into thinking this is a revolutionary zombie flick when its not -LRB- even though they did STEAL THE PLOT FOR THE 1ST 3 ROMERO DEAD FILMS and shoe horn them into 1 -RRB- i do not like nor do i respect this fake film.in fact the makers of this film should be dragged in front of REAL horror fans to explain their actions if they can not explain their actions feed them to the zombies -LRB- let them eat flesh -RRB- these people are hacks and i offer them NO respect except that they were able to fund this atrocity and have it marketed as a zombie film!good camera angles good acting but the scariest thing in the film your going to get is the car alarm -LRB- and if loud noises count as truly scary i got a baby 4 u that will provide a whole new horror in a diaper -RRB- this movie is right up there with the scream/i dont care what you did last summer school of worthlessness if you love real horror movies avoid like the plague
 Have n't seen such terrible movie for a long time !! The idea is old . You can pretty much predict what 's gon na happen next which is terrible for an action movie . The worst is this kinda stories usually end up with no where to go and so does this movie . I believe those people who made the film still wandering around what they gon na do for the end during the hooting and that 's why you can see the alternative endings in the DVD . I do n't even what to see those endings because they will still lead NO WHERE ! Bottom line
 What an incredible waste of time , I ca n't believe that I sat and watched the whole thing . If I could give it a negative rating I would . The real shame about this movie is that the premise is possible , making it potentially horrifying . Unfortunately , the most horrifying thing about this movie was the acting.The characters were poorly developed and the character interaction was so completely ridiculous that it made the movie unbelievable . The dialog was idiotic and so poorly delivered that I started hoping that the protagonists would be kiled , just so that they would shut up . I was really hoping that Cillian Murphy would be eaten alive , or at least knocked unconcious .
 Obviously other people saw things in this movie that I did n't . Either that or they 're very easily pleased.If one word could describe 28 Days After , that word would be `` pointless '' . It starts out as your typical flesh-eating zombie movie , and continues in the same vein until the end ... yet nothing ever happens ! Ever ! People go hither and yon for no reason . Most of the people who are n't zombies are no less wicked , but again for no reason or purpose . A supposed military unit , despite having secured their area , degenerates into a band of undisciplined rapists and thugs ... But why?You 'd be better off watching the clothes dryer go round and round than to spend time and money on this ... If you want to watch a decent zombie movie , stick with Night of the Living Dead .
 Having recently viewed this movie , I can honestly say this is a must miss for all horror fans . First the good , the sound track was really well placed and worked great , if you are a gore fan , there was plenty of it , and I really liked that they did not try to just keep things jumping out at you , they wo n't more for a pyschological thriller . However , they failed on the pyschological thrill . The movie was just walking and more walking , the few short action sequences where good -LRB- but there was only about 3 of them -RRB- . Honestly you just walk out of the theatre rather bored and feeling like you 've been it for 28 days , it fails to have any impact and comes off as rather comical .
 ever since i caught the accent on these peoples voices i knew it would not be the best movie , but i still gave it a try . A guy wakes up from a coma , walks around london and sees that its hell on earth ... in other words there are zombie like bodies walking around taking bites of other humans ... sounds like another dawn of the dead , night of the living dead , zombie , house of 1000 corpses , and Scooby doo on zombie island . boring2/5
 WELL ! It is a bit like Woody Allen 's `` Sleeper '' - waking up from a coma to find that things ` have changed - somewhat ' ~ then of course Vinnie the P 's Version `` The Last Man On Earth '' in glorious black and white shot in the deserted Olympic Italian village circa 1961 is it ? That 's the bleakest - not forgetting Charlton Heston 's odd remake ... This one 's somewhat predictable - and somewhat yes - enjoyable as our rainbow troupe of survivors plod their way to salvation acress merry olde england.Chilling too since labs are open prey today and lord knows what ` walks amongst us ' these days.More of the plague stricken would have been fun along the lines of `` Living dead of the Manchester Morgue '' - but not too happy with the way Anglo-Africans are seemingly exploited in this flick ... . unpleasant.The male nudity ? Not quite necessary ... footnote ~ anti-radiation pills are currently available -LSB- no kiddin ' -RSB- should one invest ???
 This movie is very shallow . It has a good idea but not a good story line . The British tried to make a good movie but did not succeed . There is unnecessary nudity in the movie especially since the only show the guy naked . Unless you see this movie for free , do n't waste your time or money .
 I like this movie , I like a Zombies movies but in this case i like the movie en DVD more years ago , and now i buy the movie on Blu , but the images is terrific , the DVDs is better than blu , of corse in this case only.Fox you must to change de quality , you boy a blu ray but it it not blu ray
 When i went to the movies to see 28 days later , i was excited . I was hoping to see a very scary movie ... it turned out i saw a movie that could of been very good or very bad . . it was very bad . while the specail effects -LRB- of the zombies -RRB- were very good indeed , but the story was very slow ! this film did deliver a creepy way of transforming humans into zombies and a very creepy way the zombies attack he humans . The film needed more suspense and action added to it .
 I was very disappointed in this movie . It is dull . It is not scary . It has very few ideas , once you get past the main ones . I think it 's safe to say that , despite what the ads promised , zombie horror remains steadfastly NOT re-invented , nor is this `` Scary as Hell . `` The problems begin soon after Jim , our protagonist , awakes . He wanders around empty London for like five minutes , as I thought `` This is getting boring . '' Then the ALT-ROCK SOUNDTRACK -LRB- it survived the apocalypse !! -RRB- kicks in , and then he wanders around empty London for FIVE MORE MINUTES !!!! This is endemic of the whole movie
 When I first heard about this movie , I was looking forward to a better `` Post-apocalyptic zombie movie '' Instead of magically-animated , lumbering piles of flesh , they would be sleeker , faster , more dangerous . At least vague references to medical science were promised.Boy was I wrong ... # 1 This movie is a clumsy social commentary , not a horror movie , as it is billed . All plot elements are subsumed to this goal . Characters act out of character , and the plot lurches towards the end statement envisioned by the writer/director . Watch this movie if you want to appear intelligent/deep/profound . # 2 If I 'd known that Danny Boyle was also responsible for the freakshow known as `` The Beach , '' I never would have seen this movie . The `` 28 days '' plotline is ripped off from that movie . Ah , yes , all of us are barely held in check by society/civilization ... we 'd break loose , rape/kill/rampage , without society 's constraints . Boyle might have well as used Leonardo DiCaprio as `` Jim , '' except leave the headband at home while filming the rampage at the end . # 3 Can we have some intelligent characters in the movie ? Is it required to have bumbling heroes that survive only through dumb luck ? Would YOU light a candle in front of open windows , while zombies are prowling outside ? Is it too much to ask that they not wander off alone ? Can they plan ahead ? Would they really have a picnic in a countryside crawling with zombies ? In a city full of abandoned vehicles , would they really take the worst one available ? Should it take a third of the movie before it occurs to them to USE a vehicle ? All of those characters should have been dead early on in the movie . Plot/Message was clearly more important than characters . # 4 The Soldiers . -LSB- Sigh !! -RSB- All of them are rapists -LRB- save one -RRB- only a month after the fall of civilization ? Is that the Message of the movie ? Men are only held in check by civilization ? Otherwise , they 'd take their nasty guns and ravish the local womenfolk ? If you high-brow 5-star reviewers truly think that , it 's time to come back down to reality . There are plenty of decent people out there , civilization or not.Aspiring directors , why did I rate this movie 2 stars , and not One ? * The background concept for the movie was sound . * The quality of the actual filming was well-done . * The actors were n't bad , just saddled with bad script/direction . In the hands of a director -LRB- as opposed to a preacher -RRB- , `` 28 Days '' had the potential to be a fine film .
 dont see this movie ! its a pile of rubbish!when i saw the trailer for 28 days later i thought how awesome it looked ! i loved the look of the poster with the eyes ! but when i watched it ... what a disappointment ! im 14 and i wasnt scared once . it didnt shock me . it didnt make me think ` omg civilization culd crumble ' . i adored the scenes of him wandering around dead london , but when he found all those bodies in the church i was tempted to just turn off the tv ... i could tell it was goning to get worse . and i was right ! it just falls apart . i mean , what are the chances of someone getting a drop of blood in their eye ? _ dont see it . please . its just a waste of time !!!
 It 's not even about zombies . It 's more about crazy people . I was really looking forward in seeing this movie ... what a big let down ! The best part of this movie should of been what happened in those 28 days . I recommend not even wasting your time and money on this one !
 Before I get into this review i want everyone to know that I never hate movies for no apparent reason . The problem with this movie is that it was overhyped as the `` Scariest movie since The Exorcist ! `` WOW !! There is No way anyone can ever compare this movie to The exorcist . Anyway I went to see this movie with a neutral state of Mind . I was n't expecting the best movie ever and I was n't expecting the worst.So the movie begins and for the first 5 - 10 minutes the movie is off to a good start . -LRB- Except for the music being played while he walks down the empty streets -RRB- and also , -LCB- all the camera shots are done on a tripod it gets really annoying and believe this , it is n't original or innovative !!! So everthing is going pretty well until ... he meets the fellow survivors . From here the movie goes into a downward spiral in which nothing helps it ascend.Every scene after this is awfully drawn out -LRB- think Matrix reloaded party/sex scene , except with dialogue and no sex or dancing -RRB- The more characters they bring on , the worse the movie gets . And then if things could n't get worse we are introduced to some soldiers who instead of helping the main characters they become their enemies.So the story all of sudden moves from being about an emptyand dead `` world '' to being about `` bad soldiers `` Such a good premise thrown into the trash , what a SHAME . . But I still had hope ... hope in that the ending had to be good . . And of course it was , quite possibly , the worst ending to a movie I have ever seen . And if you do n't believe me then why did they come out with a new ending only weeks after it 's release ?? This of course angered me even more , because they could n't get it right the first time!I was n't the only one who hated this movie ... This was the first movie in which HALF the people in the theatre walked out HALF WAY through the Movie !! With all the hype , this movie was very dissapointing . The Blair witch was hyped like crazy too , but that was an innovative movie and a lot scarier . TRUST ME !! But anyway ... you guys out there have two choices : ; You can either buy or rent this movie , which you will regret or you can take my word and save your money .
 If you are like me , and you are wondering what all the hype is about , I have some money and time saving advice for you . Skip this film at all costs . If you are looking for something original and scary , watch `` The Ring '' , and `` Signs '' . Now those are brilliant films . `` 28 days later '' , however , is a heaping pile of ... . I did n't think this film was scary in the least , mainly because the `` zombies '' -LRB- humans infected by the rage virus -RRB- are sad looking , and were easily killed off . This movie also lacks any kind of plot or character development . It seemed more like a documentary . With the exception of the young girl and her father , are we actually supposed to care about the other characters ? Then there is that awful frenetic camera movement , reminiscent of `` the blair witch project '' , whenever something violent happens ... particularly when the `` zombies '' attack . Take my word for it , this gets very irritating after a while.I know that it may sound like I 'm really bashing this movie -LRB- which I am LOL -RRB- , but I 'm only telling you the truth behind my initial reaction to it -LRB- I saw it yesterday -RRB- . This is yet another movie that was blatantly mis-marketed by the producers . Most people , like I did , went into this movie expecting a brilliant horror film , as the deceitful trailers and critics hinted it to be . Instead it turned out to be an agonizingly boring , time and money wasting mess !!!
 For the most part , I love a zombie movie . I also like horror movies . However , something made me leave the theatre unsatisfied with this movie . Although 28 Days Later tries to be a movie with both a conscience and gore , it seems to fall flat with little explanation of it 's own plot.For one thing , we do not really get much in way of the background . Within the first 5 minutes of the film , the virus and everything are just kind of thrown at us without being explained in the way of a violent attack at some sort of laboratory for testing . Perhaps the makers of this movie could have just spent a little time not rushing this part ; for one thing , the `` rage '' virus that people suffer from is the main premise of the movie . The next thing is , of course , the caption that says 28 days later and some guy is naked in a hospital ... 28 Days Later should be credited for doing several things well . This is at least a movie that takes itself seriously ; the characters are not your average horror movie stereotypes and there is some build up of character development . There is a sense of eeriness about the city when the main character is walking about trying to find out what has happened.However , very little is explained , which leads to more questions than answers . Where are the people in other cities , countries , etc ? What is exactly `` rage '' ? Why are the zombies constantly vomiting ? Why do the zombies `` sleep '' ? Why in the world did they use that ending for the movie?The movie was a tad on the violent side , which , I suppose , should be expected . But it was n't really a `` violent '' type of violent , but more of a `` loud '' violent . For instance , when someone is about to be attacked then they crank up this loud music from the soundtrack and keep getting it louder and louder until the attack scene is over . There are also many times when the camera shakes around and you rarely can tell what is actually happening.It seemed as though they spent too much time dragging out things and not making clear connections as to what exactly these people were suppose to be doing to survive from the breed of zombies . I think they could have cut some of the scenes to fit in a little more background . Overall , not bad , but I would n't watch it again for the price of a show .
 THIS FILM COULD HAVE BEEN A GREAT THRILLER/HORROR FILM , BUT IT WAS N'T . THERE WAS A DUMB PLOT AND -LSB- BAD -RSB- ACTING.IT HAD ORIGINALITY AND THE CINEMATOGRAPHY WAS QUITE IMPRESSIVE , BUT THIS WAS ONE OF THE WORST FILMS THAT I HAVE SEEN IN QUITE SOME TIME !! SAVE YOUR MONEY AND SEE SOMETHING ELSE !!
 Ok so this review will be short and sweet . The movie rocks - however if you are looking for HD quality - 1080p do n't buy this product . There was significant artifacts , pixelation , and sound quality was sub-par . It almost looked like was encoded originally for VHS and transfered to full screen to fit the 1080p full screen mode . I ordered from an Amazon Prime dealer so it very well could of been a knock-off . I do n't recommend this format for this movie . Sorry folks . Your better off getting the DVD rather than spending the money on a Blu-ray .
 Im not sure what happend in the blu ray transfer of this movie , but the picture is absolutely horrible . Dont buy this edition .
 This was the most awful picture quality I have ever seen on a blu ray OR even on most DVDs . I have n't been able to tell online whether it is because of the poor quality of the cameras that were originally used , or if it was because of a wretchedly poor transfer onto blu ray . I tend to believe it 's the former . If so , that 's unfortunate . If it 's because of the transfer , that 's downright inexcusable . In any event , this is not worth buying on blu ray . Skip it .
 i will admit the zombies were pretty good but the storyline was just horrible i was about to leave the cinema before it ended take my word for it waste of valuable Time !!!!! the only scary and horrible thing about this movie was ... . the movie itself
 Do n't waste your time buying/renting/watching this movie.This is NOT a zombie movie as they have advertised.You see more human than zombies in this movie.And the main leading male character just plain stupid . Being a total wimpy coward and trouble maker in most part of the movie and all of a sudden at the end of the movie able to defeat a whole squad of British army and saved everybody.If you want to watch a good zombie movie , go watch Dawn of the Dead . Even the poorly made Resident Evil is much better than this one . Avoid at all cost !
 First of all , I have to say that the movie itself gets 5 stars.This review is of the actual Blu-ray version of 28 Days Later.This was probably the worst up-conversion I have ever seen . The movie somehow seemed blurrier than the DVD version -LRB- which I also own -RRB- . I thought that High Definition meant that the video clarity was supposed to improve . Maybe I was wrong . However , I will concede that at the very end of the film -LRB- when the characters are outdoors on the countryside -RRB- it does appear to be 1080p High Definition for that one section of the movie . Maybe the creators wanted to keep a gritty feel throughout the first 98 % of the movie to express the negativity of the infection , but as a fan of High Definition , I was supremely disappointed to see such a blurry , pixelated mess.Another negative thing about this was that I was able to see more things on screen -LRB- even though they were blurry -RRB- and I saw an irritating blooper early on in the film that I had never noticed on the DVD version . When Jim is wandering around the city `` alone '' there is a wide shot in which I could see a vehicle traveling in the background . It really ruined the tone of the film at that point because as a viewer I was supposed to feel the intense isolation that Jim was experiencing and instead I felt annoyed.Please remember that I absolutely LOVE this movie , but buying the Blu-ray was a waste of money . If you already own the DVD , DO NOT BUY THE BLU-RAY .
 I ca n't believe people are actually giving this Movie 5 stars ? I guess it 's one of those Love it or hate it things . I liked the Storyline but after that ... mostly boring . It was just interesting enough to get me through the whole thing . If you want a really entertaining Spookie movie get House of a 1000 Corpses .
 I ca n't believe the hype surrounding this flick . What starts out a great update of the ` zombie ' idea with some end of the world flavor one eighties into something about as terrrifying and engaging as the undead dance sequence from THRILLER . It 's dissapointing really , the film has an darkened look and feel that would 've been great given a better script . A great modern day , realistic survival/zombie film has yet to be made , because this is not it . Unsympathetic characters are half of the blame and we 've seen them before in dozens of genere films . I hate watching a movie where the players act in a fashion that no human being would behave . The old cliche where the lone person goes into the dark , creepy room just to look around has been over-overdone . I understand a film such as this is already stretching the bounds of reality , however ca n't one be made that 's somewhat realistic ? There a plot points-a-plenty that go unexplained , as well as twists that just did n't work , making for a strangely unexpected second half . On par with RESIDENT EVIL -LRB- the movie , not the video game , which is a far better apocalyptic zombie experience than this -RRB- , which is n't that good itself . I might have been expecting too much here , but the end result could have been so much more than horror retreads filmed with flair .
 I really enjoyed this film when it came out and subsequently bought it on DVD . Having recently upgraded to Blu Ray I 've been going through my DVD collection and picking out the ones to buy again on Blu Ray . I really wish I 'd looked online for reviews before buying this . I will from now on always check online reviews for picture quality before purchasing.The picture quality on this Blu Ray is beyond bad . I do n't know how they could release it on Blu Ray with a clear conscience . It is a pure rip off to ask you to spend more money and get what looks like poorer image quality than I had on the DVD version ! It really is that bad . I 've since read that it was filmed on some low quality equipment -LRB- Canon XL1s Mini DV Camcorder of all things -RRB- and so the picture quality just is n't possible as it is on real film.To summarise : *** DO NOT BUY THIS FILM ON BLU RAY ! ***
 There is absolutely no reason to get this on Blu-Ray , in fact I found it looks at least as good in standard def . Over all I enjoyed the movie , but it really looks bad , almost like it was shot with an old consumer video camera . So much so , that it had me messing around with the settings on my player and TV , and I even put another disc in to make sure it was n't something I did . For reference , I also have 28 Weeks Later and its worlds better in visual quality , it actually looks high def . Unfortunately that ca n't be said for this movie -LRB- but for the last few minutes -RRB- . I almost started to wonder at one point if it was done that way on purpose for artistic reasons ... then the contrast of the clarity at the end to show that things are improving in the world ?? Anyway SD is fine for this one ... and would have got a 4 stars rating .
 Good special effects and an ambitious Apocalypse virus scenario grip you for the first part of the film . Animal rights activists let out monkeys with a virus that 's so aggressive it wipes out the population of England in 28 days . The DVD contains interviews with scientists saying , yes , viral pandemics are dangerous . So this film pretends to be realistic while wallowing in mindless gore . Pretty much a cross between Night of the Living Dead and 12 Monkeys -LRB- without the time travel -RRB- , a group of survivors travel to Manchester to find salvation in a radio broadcast of army troops . The scenes of a deserted London are well done -LRB- looks like London on Sunday morning 6AM -RRB- . All the while they fight off blood spewing zombies . So one inconsistency among many here is with all the blood all over the place , the film starts with survivors wearing blood-proof full body and head protection , but this contradicts the rest of the film where they are unfazed when infected blood spews all over them . Of course watching a film with nothing but actors in burka-like covering would be boring , especially for the gore fans.Danny Boyle directed Trainspotting , and the satire that works there is conspicuously absent here . I wanted to see thoughtfulness in the script , but found little . Why is it the trend to make Apocalypse/Disaster films into shallow studies in action , violence , and gore ? For mass appeal ? Anyway the gore scenes are intense enough to recommend keeping kids away from the film . On the other hand adults can laugh at some of them as they attempt to be as over-the-top as you can get . Skip it and watch 12 Monkeys or Night of the Living Dead instead .
 I got this movie to watch on Halloween because it was reputedly a very scary movie . I do n't think I felt frightened even once in the entire movie . There is no aching suspense , no sudden jumping out.The lead actor Cillian Murphy is almost impossibly handsome . The camera often takes time out from the mountains of gore to lovingly caress his face and body which sometimes seems so jarringly immaculate it looks as if he just walked off a fashion runway.There is lots of slime and blood and festering , hours of it . There is also what felt like like 10 hours of footage of people bashing each others ' brains out in the dark . I could not tell who was bashing who or why.I have never watched a movie where I had less sympathy for any of the characters . Even the `` heroes '' were totally selfish opportunists.The rape scenes were supposed to be terrifying , but I could not help but laugh . Why would anyone give a thought to rape when they knew they were about be pounced on at any second by rabid plague victims?The mayhem wore thin very quickly . The villains were as distinctive as the white plastic-coated soldiers in Star Wars.By far the most interesting parts of the movie were about the gritty practicalities of living without electricity , running water , grocery stores or other people.As metaphor , the movie had its moments . It showed how money really is just a token in a social game . Money becomes meaningless in the apocalyptic world . There was one bit of philosophising when a soldier noted that for most of earth 's history it had no people , and now with this megaplague , earth was returning to normal . The plague itself is symbolic of the rage that spreads from person to person in modern urban society , erupting in mass violence like the Iraq war.The special effects went on for what seemed like an eternity too , namely wandering through British cities without seeing a even a single car or pedestrian . I suppose these might be more interesting to people familiar with the landmarks with their normal bustle . The effect was supposed to be eerie , but for me , it came across much like visiting a resort town out of tourist season . It has been done too many times before and director Danny Boyle belaboured it . He went on for what felt like hours of it with nothing happening.P.S . I was not on drugs . The time dilation effect comes purely through repetition of the exact same thing over and over and over .
 I love zombie movies , and I dont know why it took me so long to see this one . The reviews hailed it as original and scary , so I was stoked . But , at the end , I was scratching my head wondering if I got the edited for tv version or something because it wasnt very scary . I made me jump a few times , but theres a difference between being scared and being startled . Plus , to call it original is a slap in the face to the zombie movies of the sixties and seventies . I mean , it was more intelligent than most horror movies , but what fan base are the filmmakers trying to appeal to ? When I go to see a horror film , I expect either to be genuinely disturbed -LRB- The Ring , Blair Witch -RRB- , or to laugh heartily at the cheesy villians and storyline -LRB- Freddy v. Jason -RRB- . Either way , I expect a good time . However , with this one , I just felt disappointed . If you like zombie films , you wont like this one , guaranteed .
 Horror buffs need to take `` 28 Days Later '' into muchly needed inconsideration . This had to be the slowest moving horror flick on the planet . While this British box-office smash was commended for chills and thrills . . it is truly a fiasco . It had two moments of terror ... 222 moments of predictable JELLO . I spent $ 20 on this DVD . It 's worth maybe $ 5.99 . The soundtrack completely sucks ... the acting is average ... and the editing is the highlight . Unfortunately , when you edit one bad scene to the next , you simply ca n't win.This British loser must have been made by someone who ventured through WW2 . It has the nauseating military twist to it that simply does n't fit today . Why is it the British always want to embellish their hatred for the Germans ? Move on !!!! Get a life !!!! Make a horror film and get away from those silly military fatigues . This one is simply billed as a horror film . That 's right ... it is simply horrible !!! It gets a 2 !!! And that 's being nice .
 The premise of 28 DAYS LATER is excellent -- too bad it 's not original . Borrowing heavy from such horror classics as THE NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD and Stephen King 's THE STAND , this movie only succeeds in retelling an old story . A deadly monkey virus named The Rage is accidentally released into the public and only a few individuals survive . While the structure of human society is virtually destroyed the survivors must fight against the remaining infected that aim to kill . As the survivors fight for their lives they travel from London to Manchester in hopes of joining a military group who promises an end to the virus . But upon arrival the group realizes that things are not what they seem . Unfortunately , the unfolding of the plot left little to the imagination . I was especially troubled during the scene when the survivors tried to drive through the underground tunnel on their way to Manchester . Anyone who has read THE STAND should well remember the scene of the Lincoln Tunnel in NYC and learn the obvious lesson to not travel in tunnels after an apocalypse , as bodies , vehicles , and unknown creepy things exist in the dark . The remainder of 28 DAYS LATER movie left little to the imagination and was uninteresting . I really wanted to enjoy this movie , but I rather felt disappointed .
 Ok , think with me
 1 - A virus that infects it 's host and manifests all its symptoms in 20 seconds `` 20 seconds2 - The virus is spread by contact with the blood and saliva of the infected . So guess what are survivors weapons of choice are . Machetes and Clubs .3 - Hacking up the Infected with there Clubs and Machetes , never seems to leave are survivors dripping in there victims Blood and becoming Infected themselves .4 - If the Infected are mindless and full of rage , why do n't they attack each other ? 5 - Society has fallen , cant they manage to pick up a few firearms , from all of those over run military blockades and dump the clubs and swords ? 6 - If the Virus makes it 's victims into raged filled killing machines where are the bodies in the streets . ? where are the fires in the Cities ? why are n't the street clogged with abandoned vehicles ? 7-The blatant theft of all of George Romero 's work from the Crazies to his Dead series of movies .8 - The constant use of scenes from George Romero 's movies used add nauseam.Here are some examples the shopping spree in the food store , the chained up infected soldier , just like Bub in day of the dead.The stop for gas by the cheese burger stand scene , just like the airport scene in Dawn where the children zombies attack then are killed , just like Jim does to the infected boy . Even happens in the same way Jim off by himself away from the group in a small structure.The fact there is a band of soldiers hold up , stemming the tide of Anarchy . Just like in day of the Dead.also how the soldiers turn out to be almost as much of a threat as the infected , Just like in day of the Dead , Also the ending is quite similar to Day , with the soldiers strong hold being overrun . And there are countless other borrowed ideas and scenes .9 - The fact that these men have lost all they know and love and hold dear to them , there wife 's there Children , Fathers Mothers friends , the social fabric is gone . and the only thing that will seem to ease the pain for these men , is some young ass .10 - 28 days without a women in a mans bed , turns him into sex crazed deviant.So it goes like this . 28 days from devoted husbands and loving fathers to child rapists .11 - Why would soldiers choose a stronghold with windows the size of pool tables throughout12-If the Infected do not eat or drink , why are they always vomiting ? Why would you have to wait for Starvation to kill the Infected ? Dehydration would do it to them , long before starvation ? And the way those people were barfing it 's not going to take very long .13 - what 's up with that silly blowing up the gas station scene that are survivors did in the beginning of the movie , what was the point other then to show a big exsplosion ? And whats up with flinging Molotov cocktails ? Why would they even have been out at night ? they had a stronghold with food and other provisions in it . So they were breaking one of there own Cardinal rules they were telling Jim , never to break under any circumstance..14-Jim wakes up from a Coma or other serious head injury , and other then being a little disoriented , and a nasty headache , which by the way was cured with a Tango , he 's just fine and ready for some real urban hand to hand combat.And as long as we are on the topic of the the Infected shriveling up and dying why dint Jim die of dehydration himself ? After all he was laying in a bed for 28 days , unattended in a Coma.15-How did the unarmed infected over run military blockades with soldiers heavily armed with automatic weapons air support and tanks ? And if the infected were mindless bloodthirsty killing machines why would they even attack a blockade.Doesn ' t attacking in mass show intellect .16 - When Jim awakes in the hospital , why are there no bodies or blood stains ? . Other then some tipped over furniture and some spilled soda , looks in pretty good shape for a hospital that has been going through a health emergency of epic proportions . .17 - A movie has to work in it 's own logic , there are holes so big in the story you could drive a 18 wheeler through them .18 - I liked the use of video , not film it did give the production a very gritty quality.In the end it 's just a B horror movie , but Even after all my complaints , about the lack of logic in the script , I had fun with the movie and dont regret watching it nor having bought it used for 5 bucks .
 Much as I love zombie flicks and apocalypse flicks , this one just does n't work on an American audience . Why ? Because we have guns.The virus that decimates England -LRB- and presumably all the populations on contiguous land masses -RRB- , is a disease that could n't travel globally . It takes 20 seconds for an exposed person to become violently symptomatic , and the virus is spread only through direct contact into the bloostream , so it 's not like an infected person could board a plane and fly over to another continent . So , while the decimation of Europe would doubtless put a cramp in the global economy , the plot that is offered could never become the end of the world . -LRB- A point which is implied by the absence of global support `` sending in the troops '' or , at least , sending helicopters over to drop off food , medicine , weapons , and other supplies . -RRB- As I watch these handful of survivors try to flee London and find other survivors in the English countryside , I wonder why they do n't have any effective means of defending themselves . I mean , I know England is anti-gun , but they do have rifles , do n't they ? Are n't their police armed ? Would n't there be an armory somewhere ? True , a few guns wo n't fend off a swarm of thousands of `` zombies , '' but it would provide a better means of protecting oneself against smaller zombie attacks , which are a constant risk to the survivors . Instead , they rely on machetes , baseball bats , and running away.I guess that 's why this movie was set in England ... set in America , the plot would end 5 minutes into the movie once Americans descended upon the zombies , fighting back with millions of armed private citizens . -LRB- Until the lawyers get a judge to issue an injunction against zombie destruction . -RRB-
 28 Days Later is not a bad film . Indeed , considering that rotten zombie movies are nearly as numerous as the shambling hordes themself , this movie could be considered somewhat of a gem when held in comparison to Return of the Living Dead III , Zombie Planet , or Chopper Chicks in Zombietown . Is it , as advertised , a groundbreaking zombie film that will reinvigorate the genre ? No . Not at all , and possibly quite the opposite . So far we have two truly groundbreaking films in the zombie genre
 Perhaps I have been spoiled on flicks like Dawn of the Dead , Dead Alive , and Evil Dead , which are all great zombie fare . I expected 28 Days Later to be of the same ilk ; but it was a `` grave '' diaappointment . This movie played out more like a melodrama than a hardcore zombie flick . You would n't even know if the creatures were supposed to be zombies unless you had read the DVD cover . This movie was way to slow-paced and did not live up to the billing that the critics claimed . If you are a REAL zombie fan , do n't get this trash .
 This has the potential to be an awesome film , except director Danny Boyle -LRB- `` Trainspotting '' , `` The Beach '' -RRB- decided to let his knee-jerk liberalism infect the rest of his body
 I 'm not sure why this movie did so well in theaters . Perhaps this was more of an indication of a hunger for movies that are not remakes of older movies/comic books/tv shows than of this movie 's quality . But this movie has nothing new to offer and is a typical doomsday flick with a little zombie action thrown in for thrills . It is based on the silly premise that the `` rage '' virus is transmitted through body fluids and within 10-20 seconds turns the infected person into a violent maniac . Of course , the infected are not so violent that they ca n't act together in chasing down and killing the noninfected . Its funny how they never attack each other-how convenient . Many others have stated that this movie is scary , but it is not . In fact it is quite boring and the cheap scares are entirely predictable and cliched . There is really not enough substance to justify a full-length movie . Really , how long does it take to tell us about a few people driving across England to meet up with other survivors ? The story is stretched out and seems like it was written while shooting , which is further confirmed by the 3 different endings presented on the DVD . Much like the Blair Witch Project , this movie is unpolished , and rather dull . The only positive is that the acting was well done . I would not bother seeing this flick .
 Je vien de terminer ce supposer film de Zombie hyperactif . Moi jai pas super acrocher comme pour la plupart d'entre vous , l'id &eacute; de d&eacute;part me semblais bien mais pas tres original quand on compare a Romero . Le film semble nous mener nul part , discourt inutil par si par , la music est foutrement mauvaise ce qui tourne le film quasi ridicule et quand au effets gore aucune ne sont r&eacute;ussi , ca ce passe trop vite on a pas le temp de rien voir . Quelques id&eacute;es on &eacute;t&eacute; emprunter a Romero , je dirait meme copier comme quand on peut voir la scene du pillage dans l' &eacute;picerie . qui me fait rappeller une scene culte de Dawn of the dead dans le Mall . je m ` attendais a voir du Zombie ce fesant flinguer ce qui est tres rar . On peut voir une fin alternative ou Jim meurt apres l'operation . Apart ca rien de bon dans ce film , &Agrave; conseiller au fan de film r&eacute;cent peut-etre , rien a voir avec les bon vieux classic de Zombie , Pr&eacute;f&eacute;r&eacute; le remake de Dawn of the dead pour du cinema r&eacute;cent .
 My 11 year old son kept bugging me to see this movie . I belong to netflix , so told him it was in the line up . He just could n't wait . Now , as a mom , I find it hard to keep up on ALL the movies `` big boys '' think they want to see . I am usually good at weeding them out . So , I figured , `` well , if he does n't like it , me & my husband might '' NOT !! WRONG !! This was not only visually & emotionally disturbing , but looked like high school drama majors filmed it . Most of the time , movies dont show acts of violence aimed at children , being loaded with zombie viruses or not ! I wont give it away , some people go for this , but the opening scences were so dang creepy - I was like `` Only the British could show that & not be offended ''
 OKAY , IF I COULD I 'D GIVE THIS MOVIE 0 STARS ! THIS MOVIE SUCKED , AND I HATED IT ! The storyline was stupid , and the actors sucked . The movie was BORING with a capital B. Nothing made sense , and it was stupid .
 I really enjoyed this film and recommend it . However , the plot has one major , glaring flaw which pretty much flies in the face of what it means to be human.I ca n't believe the women did n't go along with the soldiers ' plan . They would have been protected , fed , sheltered and guaranteed to have offspring . If they had just a bit of smarts they could have spun that situation so that they enjoyed a somewhat powerful , comfortable position in a world gone to hell . Instead they chose to face the continued , exhausting threat of being eaten by pseudo-zombies . In general , people will do anything to survive and Selena says as much early on . Even if it means having servicing someone they do n't particularly like . Carnal , unromantic , and harsh but a biological reality none the less . We would n't be here now if it were n't . Other than this annoyance it is beautifully shot , the soundtrack suits it well and it is a fun watch .
 Folks , I am a huge horror / Zombie Movie Fan.However , This film seriosuly miss the bus on that one.I am not sure where to start .1 . Plot
 The movie begins in an animal testing lab where a group of animal rights activists attempt to free the monkeys that are imprisoned there . Just as they are about to release one , they are caught by a scientist who tells them that the monkeys have been infected with something called ` rage ' . The activists scoff at the scientist and set on monkey free . The minute that happens , the monkey immediately attacks a woman , infecting her with rage.Fast forward 28 days , and a man -LRB- Jim -RRB- wakes up in a hospital only to find himself completely alone . He leaves the hospital and sees that the streets are deserted as well . After a frantic search , he meets to survivors . Occasionally , they come across one of the undead and must kill them or else they stand to become infected themselves.This was one of the worst movies I have ever seen . The storyline was really slow and confusing . I 'm just thankful that I rented it and did n't shell out money to see it in the theatre .
 Do not bother . This movie has nothing to offer .
 The back of the DVD says the most horrifying movie since the Exorcist !!! 3 alternate endings that will haunt you !! I had to make sure I had the right movie . I 've seen scarier episodes of Scooby Doo !! The producers and directors of this must have paid off the reviewers for this film . There was not a SINGLE scary moment in this entire film . Save your time and money . If you do watch this , believe me , you 'll be sitting in awe wondering what the heck all of the hype was surrounding this overblown waste of time .
 Okay , to start this off , this movie was so boring it is not even funny . There were some -LRB- emphasis on the some -RRB- O.K. parts , but overall , it bored me to death . I could n't wait for it to end !!! And the ending was also horrible ! There was also absolutely no need to show Cillian Murphy naked ... . The zombies RAN , which zombies are supposed to not be able to do , and the people turn into zombies in ten seconds !!! Also not supposed to happen ! And the virus was spread by monkeys !!!! The movie was also very poorly filmed , like the movies Killjoy -LRB- another terrible movie -RRB- , Pumpkinhead -LRB- which was good -RRB- , and hellraiser . It was filmed as if it was directed and made in the 70 's ! Take my advice , if you want to go see a zombie flick , see Resident Evil 2 when it hits theaters ...
 I agree that the premise was great , and there were really good visual effects -LRB- e.g. , the empty English cities -RRB- , but I was expecting a movie that was going to SCARE me -LRB- that WAS the claim , remember ? -RRB- , or , at the least , be chock full of zombies and gore . On both of these it failed . This is the reason I think the movie stunk like rotting cheese you forgot at the bottom right corner of your refrigerator from seven months back.Bottom line
 This is the first review i write here , and i thought i must warn you buyers not to even rent this movie , it is the most boring movie ever !! it doese n't have any suspense or intelligent plot.Don ' t buy it please ...
 Based on a lot of great reviews , we rented this movie thinking we were in for a good old fashioned horror movie . Not ! It was a very boring movie , and actually quite silly . Not worth the time .
 The plot lies somewhere between `` Night of ther Living Dead '' and `` The Omega Man '' . ... except that `` Night of the Living Dead '' is a scary cult classic and this movie is n't scary and simply makes no sense . It is n't surprising they filmed two endings because this movie has no idea where it is going . Save your money .
 If you were looking for a HD experience keep looking . This bluray disc looks like it was created with a hazy motion blur version of flood fill in MS Paint.The movie is good , but it is truly hard to get past the terrible picture quality .
 This is a great movie , but it is irresponsible to market this at 1080 lines of resolution when it looks so terrible at that resolution . It 's okay if you watch it at , say , twice or more of the optimal viewing distance from your set . That is about eleven feet for a 42 '' - diagonal set , at 1080 lines . If you ca n't get that far away , you could incur permanent psychological damage from the bad video on this thing , you 'll hate the film if you have n't seen it before , and you 'll probably want to - and should - burn the disc so it ca n't hurt anyone else .
 This is awful . the bluray version no way near matches my other collection . . At first , i thought it was the blu ray player or the tv but those components are perfect . i am thinking the BD is defective , maybe i shall return it and get another one . DONT BUY THE BD VERSION ... Luckily i purchased it for 10.00 . . i think its worth only 5.00 .
 This might be the WORST blu ray release ever . Oh great and merciful Poseidon , please do n't let anyone buy this .
 28 Days later has a very cool and some what copycat way of how people are turned into zombies from the Resident Evil movies . If an uninfected person gets a drop of infected blood anywhere near a mucus membrane -LRB- eyes , mouth -RRB- . they will turn . this was about all I liked about this movie . for the most part this movie takes a long time to get to what I personally consider any thing good . the best part of this movie is at the end when the capture zombie is set loose and kills all of the army men who were acting like total jerks to the survivors . the way this movie was advertised I though there would have been more blood and gore and something that would keep my interest and instead what i got was a movie that took to long to get any non dark photos of the zombies .
 I bought this movie and its sequel ; both were highly recommended as `` really scary zombie flicks . '' The terms `` disappointed , '' `` bewildered , '' and `` angry at where my money went '' ca n't begin to say how much I hate this movie . It 's much too dark - ca n't see anything that 's going on . I 'm pretty good with accents , but I could n't understand what was being said . The infected were barely there , and when they were , it was fleeting and boring . The plotline was missing in non-action . I think that when the apocalypse comes , it will be in the form of having to survive watching this movie over and over and over ...
 This may not be a popular opinion , but this clearly is an over hyped , and disappointingly underwhelming movie . I mistakenly watched this because I love zombie movies and thought this was the newer `` 28 months later '' - a better movie compared to this turkey ... There are many reviews here that will go into the `` plot '' , which is simplistic even by zombie movie standards , so I 'll spare everyone the agony of reviewing that again , and simply say that if you really want to waste some time , have very low standards , and do n't mind bad acting with boring `` action '' , then rent this movie . On the other hand , if you 're interested in better , as in night and day , almost incomparably better , zombie movies , watch the Resident Evil movies , Night of the Living Dead -LRB- gritty -RRB- , and Shawn of the Dead which is a great parody of all zombie movies.We could n't get through it -LRB- some actually got up and left the room -RRB- . I was more stubborn and used the remote 's FF button to get through it faster . Two stars only because it was n't the worst movie I 've seen , but it is close , and I ca n't leave 1.5 stars ...
 The title of this review pretty much sums it up ... but lets not stop there . Never before have I seen a film where at the end of it I was actually ANGRY that I had sat through this uninspired pile of fesces . No joke ... I hope that the director of this movie gets dragged away by wolves or savagly murdered in front of all the horror fans in the world . Quite possibly the worst movie ever ... . EVER !!! i would rather sit down with every movie that Whoopi Goldberg has ever starred in and watch them in a 48 hour marathon than subject my poor eyes to this trivial garbage again . shame shame .
 THe premise of this film made me think that it would be interesting . Clearly , I was wrong . Animal activists , contagious virus , and end of the world scenario was not enough to save this film from ruin . While I ca n't pinpoint anything specifically that made this film wreak , I can say for one thing that I was bored pretty much throughout . It seemed to me that this film was simply a showcase for gore , violence , and red eyed zombie freaks , unless I 'm missing some deeper point . I certainly do n't think that there was a lesson to be learned . This film was also problematic in many respects , and unrealistic to say the least . I doubt there would truly be a happy ending as positioned in the film if there were an unstoppable global contagion . This film conveniently leaves too many questions unanswered . How did the fighter jet pilot survive ? Did a government organize itself to look for remaining survivors ? How come some infected died and others remained zombies ? If this film was positioned as a fantasy film it might be more understandable . But I do n't think that 28 Days Later is a fantasy film . In all , this film was terribly disappointing .
 Why did this movie rate such good reviews ? Not scary , just mundane .
 That is if you are scared of watching Scooby do , then you should definitely avoid this , Avoid this movie if you suffer from the following : - Faint HeartLoss of breathHallucinationsWeak StomachHigh Blood PressureLow Blood PressureGood TasteExpecting something GoodSuffer from disappointmentsHey get this was in the top 20 from 100 scariest moments . If you want to watch a real good movie then AVOID THIS -LRB- YOU 'VE BEEN WARNED -RRB-
 28 days is more of a psychological mish-mash of a suspense as oppossed to real horror , the so called zombies are nothing more than red eyed crazies , who barf and beat up their victims . -LRB- `` ooh scary , yeah right -RRB- days borrows heavly off of stephen king 's the stand , the omega man and even a scene from escape from ny where a cab crases over a pile of cars.the alternate endings and some deleted scenes were much scarier , especially the radical ending . how cool was that?compared to night of the living dead , lucio fulci 's spaghetti thriller ; ZOMBIE or even sony 's resident evil flick which had scarier zombies 28 days fails to impress .
 This movie was nothing but a vehicle to show Cillian Murphy nude . You 've read the other reviews and know the tired old over-used plot-line . The acting was incredulously bad . Cillian is actually smirking on camera when he 's supposed to be acting wildly crazed and lost and fearful . Jim -LRB- Ciliam Murphy -RRB- has a totally unbelievable reaction to deserted London . Patrons were walking out of the cinema before the movie had run 30 minutes . The slow , agonizing start to the movie blended into a boring , boring , tedious job , not an entertaining stunner . The only reason that I did n't join the patrons walking out was to sneak into the Terminator afterward . The supposed surprise ending -LRB- Jim sees something in the sky as he 's being stalked -RRB- is as anti-climactic as they get . The effects could n't be discerned because of the way they were shot so fast -- a symptom of a low budget flick trying to look like a block buster . The trailer is the most decieveing trailer I 've ever seen . Go see the Terminator instead if you want real entertainment !
 I bought this movie because i love zombie movies , and this one got great reviews . Dont be fooled , this is by far the worst movie ive seen in a VERY long time . The worst part is i probably never got past the first hour , even though it felt like i had been sitting there for an eternity . I just kept wondering when it was going to either pick up and turn into the amazing movie everyone claimed it was or finally come to an end . The characters -LRB- i cant remember their names , thats how bad of a movie this is -RRB- were badly under-developed -LRB- but perhaps they got more into that later im not sure -RRB- , and the dialogue was just awful . Nothing about this movie was the least bit surprising nor frightening . And the story moved along rather slowly . This movie is just a waste of money , i really regret buying it , so if you must see it , just rent it -LRB- although i dont even recomend that -RRB- . If its a decent zombie movie you want , watch resident evil , dont even bother with this one .
 This movie was n't scary at all ! I was so bored . Nobody I saw it with found it scary in any way either , so skip this load of crud . It is senseless gore and violence that does n't scare , disturb , or gross out people . Big waste of time and money .
 This movie was so pathetic I left the theatre after half the movie . It 's about monkey 's infected with `` rage '' by watching violence on television . Are we going to see a violent barney movie next ??
 I went to see this movie because I heard what most reviewers were saying . BIIIIIIG , HUUUUGE MISTAKE !!! Sometimes recycling classic themes is a great idea , so in theory Boyle 's interpretaion of a zombie movie would make a great example of recycling ... Not.Where is the tension ? Where is the suspense ? We know who is going to survive and who is going to get it from the first 15 minutes of the movie.Yes , we have , as we have in all movies made by Boyle , a great cinematographic composition but it doesnt stand out.This is suposed to be a scary movie ... And it might have been should Boyle had managed to put you in the players shoes , but that just doesnt happen.Since the plott is pretty obvious , you just dont care about the characters of the movie , you dont get simpathetic and you dont get scared.And I am not going to talk about history 's plausability here .
 Bro , seriously , how can anyone give this movie higher than one star ? The only reason it got one star from me is that i ca n't give it negative 2 stars . I wont bore you with details like this movie bored me but i will say just save your money . Do n't even rent this , if you really want to see it try to download it you will be glad you saved your money . To this very day this is still the absolutely worst movie i have ever seen in my life , not just horror movie the worst movie period .
 As I said in the title Harmful . Not very stimulating , fun and if you were expecting to hide behind the sofa just through that idea out of the window . Basically one man wakes up from hospital ` unharmed ' after a bomb has wiped out the everyone in England . Or so it seems . A few survivors are there to help but the rest are all mutants trying to eat their skin and so on.No plot.No stars.No good scenes.No sense.Don ' t waste good money . Try ` The Shining ' .
 Put it into kinder words . 28 Days Later makes the Blair Witch Project worthy of an oscar . Do n't even bother
 It was not good nor palatable.It 's something to be disregarded.Watch the original `` Resident Evil '' instead .
 I was deeply saddened and apalled that this director would have adult men attempting to rape and impregnate a child , you should be ashamed of yourself for featuring rape in your movie , I 'd like to drop a load on this dvd for having such shocking content
 This movie stinx ! I hated it so much . People were laughing at this flick . I was n't scared and neither was anybody else that saw this movie with me . They all said they thought it was boring , and I agree with that . Skip this .
 In the beginning of the film , the audience finds out that the infection in the laboratory monkeys is caused by rage . This leads the audience to believe that the movie will convey rage and its effects on human beings , thus making people compare the movie 's reality to that of their own . -LRB- Basically , people will be forced to look at their own lives and see how they need to change in order to make this world a better place . You would think this is another one of those `` wake up and smell the coffee movies '' that would try to get people to change their destructive behavoior . -RRB- This movie does NOT deliver this message however . Even if it tried to , the movie was just too violent and gruesome . Realities of the world can be shown in a smart , non-violent manner as well .28 Days Later delivers no strong message -LRB- s -RRB- to the audience and is just another waste of film and money .
 I give this `` 1 '' star , if I could give it less I would , one of the most boring movies I 've seen . And on top of that the DVD quality is very poor , I would compare it to watching a VHS tape.Watching this movie was a waste of time .
 This is not a zombie movie for those of you that think it is . It is about a monkey infected with rage being set free by some green peace type activists . First of all , if there is nudity in a movie it should not be a man ! Through out this entire movie people ran from infected people who can now run faster than a speeding train , and leap small buildings in a single bound . The killings where awefull ! It was that type of stobe light type death . I actually walked out of this movie . DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME . THIS IS NOT A ZOMBIE MOVIE ! subtract one star from my rating .
 It started out pretty good , but quickly went downhill . By the time it ended , this movie truly sucked . Do not waste your time on this . If you rent it I 'll guarantee you 'll shut it off half way through . If you buy it , you 'll sit and suffer as you watch the whole thing through . I mean you bought it so you HAVE to watch it right ? The story sucked , the soldiers sucked , and the ending REALLY sucked.Check out the special features . The alternative ending is a hoot . It 's not an alternative ending , it 's an alternative movie . They had no idea where the hell they were going with this . Just a bad bad bad movie . Terrible in every way .
 whoever decided to make a low budget movie and thought it would make alot of movie quick , was very correct ... this movie was promoted to be , scarier than the ring . It dindt even come close . This movie sucked so much , i left the theatre and demanded my money back , before i got a hour in to the movie ... i think the producer and director should never make a movie again ... if i could give this movie no stars on this review , i would give it negotive 10 stars ...
 28 days later is without a doubt the worst movie ever made , evenin britain or america . it is a libelious rip of the '' night of the living dead , dawn of the dead , and day of the dead '' trilogy that i am surprised george romero did n't sue for copyright infringement . but then again '' 28 days later '' was such an awful film beyond anyone 's comprehension that he did n't have to sue . no this film pretty much speaks for it 's awful . horrible scripting , horrible acting , slowpacing self.The film 's plot is that virus -LRB- yes like night of the living dead and romero 's flick '' the crazies '' -RRB- has infected many area of the uk . jim -LRB- cillian murphy -RRB- is apparently the only dumb smuck not infected along with a girl named selena -LRB- naomi harris -RRB- . well from here on out these two dimwits and their friend mark now fight of zombies i mean rage people with bats and a machete . lolIn order for the idiotic danny boyle to not appear as he is copying romero -LRB- which he does anyway -RRB- , he invents a new plot in middle . see the virus infects people and takes over within 30 seconds , whereas romero 's zombies start reacting after an hour or so of being dead.we get some shots of london and manchester but those shots didnt matter as the film is a mess . not even an entertaining mess , its just plain doggy doo.There is another rip of '' dawn of the dawn '' when jim , selena and their new friends frank and hannah , scourged and plunger an abandonded supermarket to their hearts contents . this is reminiscent of the abandonded shopping plaza where the '' survivors '' exploit the plaza while the zombies on the outside are trying to get in . what a rip . another scenes that rips of romero is where boyle for shock value has a young boy who has the disease attack jim . the scene ends with jim getting a baseball bat and killing the boy . this wasa bit of copy of the dead films like the first one where we see the first zombie girl in a zombie movie -LRB- the girl kills her mothers , then girl is killed herself -RRB- . Well the copying of Romero does n't end there because Jim and others find a military complex which is really an abandonded plaza where Major West -LRB- Christopher Eccleston -RRB- , an arrogant military commander attacks the rage people.Well the rip here is that West like Dr. Logan -LRB- from Day -RRB- has a zombie , I mean rage person on a leach trying to the dead thing new tricks . LOL My god as you can very well see '' 28 Days Later '' is a such rip of the great Romero it ai n't funny . However , it 's such a poor ripoff of the work of Romero that the movie fails at every level.There is hardly any suspense , until the last 10 minutes , the characters are horrible including Jim who by God is one of the ugliest actors I 've seen . The ending is cheesy and dumb.Mr . Cillian Murphy and others do such a poor job of acting that it 's hard to fathom that this guy will play a big lead in the next Batman movie -LRB- '' Batman Begins '' -RRB- .
 Okay . . all the folks who panned the original Blair Witch Project now have a new , and in my opinion , far worthier target for their disdain . To its credit -LRB- whether you liked it or not -RRB- BWP does n't try to be any more than it is ... a low budget film with no real script and pretty much unknown actors.Sadly , 28 Days Later is exactly the same thing , only it was promoted as the scariest movie since Exorcist and , otherwise , a `` brilliant and visionary '' film . . Visionary ? I think not.Here 's what I saw : A plot that , as correctly mentioned in other reviews , has been done before , many times and much better . As a side note , a friend told me that 28 Days Later is `` what Resident Evil , the movie , should have been . '' After seeing both , I can say that I disagree 120 % with that analysis . I do n't consider Resident Evil to be the pinnacle of horror movies ... but it 's * much * better done than 28DL ... atleast the zombies actually acted like * zombies * ... but I 'll get to that . Suffice it to say . . 28 Days Later is , in my opinion , nothing more than another `` me-too '' zombie horror flick with the whole , obligatory `` this is what happens when you mess with Mother Nature '' moral built in.Scary . Ha!If a bunch of people wearing orange/red contacts , doused with fake blood who are running around screaming and vomiting up mouths full of more fake blood on their victims , who then - only seconds later - turn into exactly the same blood-spitting screaming and raving lunatic is what you consider scary . . then this movie is for you.Suspenseful or Disturbing?The only part that got any kind of an emotional response out of me is when one of the survivors is brutally hacked down by one their own ... I chuckled at that.There were a couple other parts that I could * tell * were engineered to yield an emotional reaction . . they just did n't . All in all ... this is a very weak piece of movie-making that , for me anyway , failed to live up to any of what it promised .
 ZOMBIES , stupor letdown , -LSB- horror by COMITEE -RSB- -LSB- MAKE A BUCK -LSB- , film CONSULTANTS , despair ... -LSB- FROM ONCE cutting edge ; QUIRKY -RSB- directorANOMONOUS , . . TURNEDhollywood b movie BLAND , BOTTOM LINE THIS FILM LACKS FOCUS , ITS RARE MOMENTS OF QUIRKINESS ARE DESTROYED , EVERYWHERE . . false PHONY COMMITEE turns , -LSB- TREADS THE TIRED THE WELL WORN -RSB- , TOO safe , familar , . . HEAVENS forbid , into FORMULA . . they could of made an original DARK DEPRESSING SCARY MOVIE HERE fitting the subject , ever notice , how the novelty of being alone , HERE IS TREATED AS A shallow GIMmICK , A QUIET NO ONE IS HOME CITY grave ANYMORE , SCARY TURNS PREDICtABLE , -LSB- THE HERO SHAVES -RSB- and HES PRENTABLE , and hes got beautiful clear blueLENSES FOR EYES , the ARMY BAD GUYS ... DumB men without women . . ; soon -LSB- PREMISE -RSB- TURN BESTIAL -LSB- CARNIVOROUS RABID UGLY HORNY \ , KINDA LIKE A METAPHOR , MORAL INFRINGEMENT -LSB- ON GORE AND VIOLENCE , TOO OBVIOUS WHOSE WORSE THEM OR US ? 28 DAYS LATTER YOU MIGHT JUST WAKE UP DeaD IN LOVE -LSB- DEJA VU -RSB- BUT WITH A HAPPY SAPPY , MAYBE its a DATE MOVIE , NO FEEDING
 28 days later is without a doubt the worst movie ever made , evenin britain or america . it is a libelious rip of the `` night of the living dead , dawn of the dead , and day of the dead '' trilogy that i am surprised george romero did n't sue for copyright infringement . but then again `` 28 days later '' was such an awful film beyond anyone 's comprehension that he did n't have to sue . no this film pretty much speaks for it 's awful . horrible scripting , horrible acting , slowpacing self.Its no wonder why most of the people who give this filmthumbs up are British . British people definitely arehard to figure out . Usually they have good taste butI cant fathom why would they praise garbage like thisespecially when it 's as unoriginal as a Friday the 13th sequel.Yet some of these film critics praise `` The Football Factory `` a violent look inside Football in the UK through a bunchof dsyfunctional fans.The film 's plot is that virus -LRB- yes like night of the living dead and romero 's flick `` the crazies '' -RRB- has infected many area of the uk . jim -LRB- cillian murphy -RRB- is apparently the only dumb smuck not infected along with a girl named selena -LRB- naomi harris -RRB- . well from here on out these two dimwits and their friend mark now fight of zombies i mean rage people with bats and a machete . lolIn order for the idiotic danny boyle to not appear as he is copying romero -LRB- which he does anyway -RRB- , he invents a new plot in middle . see the virus infects people and takes over within 30 seconds , whereas romero 's zombies start reacting after an hour or so of being dead.We get some shots of london and manchester but those shots didnt matter as the film is a mess . not even an entertaining mess , its just plain doggy doo.There is another rip of `` dawn of the dawn '' when jim , selena and their new friends frank and hannah , scourged and plunger an abandonded supermarket to their hearts contents . this is reminiscent of the abandonded shopping plaza where the `` survivors '' exploit the plaza while the zombies on the outside are trying to get in . what a rip . another scenes that rips of romero is where boyle for shock value has a young boy who has the disease attack jim . the scene ends with jim getting a baseball bat and killing the boy . this wasa bit of copy of the dead films like the first one where we see the first zombie girl in a zombie movie -LRB- the girl kills her mothers , then girl is killed herself -RRB- . Well the copying of Romero does n't end there because Jim and others find a military complex which is really an abandonded plaza where Major West -LRB- Christopher Eccleston -RRB- , an arrogant military commander attacks the rage people.Well the rip here is that West like Dr. Logan -LRB- from Day -RRB- has a zombie , I mean rage person on a leach trying to the dead thing new tricks . LOL My god as you can very well see `` 28 Days Later '' is a such rip of the great Romero it ai n't funny . However , it 's such a poor ripoff of the work of Romero that the movie fails at every level.There is hardly any suspense , until the last 10 minutes , the characters are horrible including Jim who by God is one of the ugliest actors I 've seen . The ending is cheesy and dumb.Mr . Cillian Murphy and others do such a poor job of acting that it 's hard to fathom that this guy will play a big lead in the next Batman movie -LRB- `` Batman Begins '' -RRB- . Do n't fall for the lies of the critics that say 28 Days Later is a good movie , it 's not , it 's horrible.I went to see this horrible ripoff with low expectations and I came away still in awe that such a bad movie could be made.There is no more to say or add to this review of `` 28 Days Later '' than to say it 's horrible , horribly done by a European director , and poses a black eye to any future horror directors from the UK.At least George Romero can still rest comfortably that his great work of the `` Dead '' trilogy will not be eclipsed by any wannabee horror directors anytime soon.I didnt mind the copying so much if the movie had a greatpayoff sadly it never does some people may bash this opinionbut it doesnt change the fact that its an awful film unworthyor your energy .
 *** POSSIBLE SPOILERS AHEAD *** I remember when 28 DAYS LATER was in theaters . After about a month or so , the television ads were up to a full minute to a minute and a half long . They were packed with sterling reviews , thrilling speedy zombie cut scenes , and the promise of three possible endings ! A few friends of mine went to see the movie five times so that they could see all three . They were n't the only ones , either . A ton of my friends were quick to say things like , `` You , of all people , will love this movie ! '' Hype hype hype . If there is one thing I ca n't stand is every one and their grandmother telling me I have to see one particular movie . Given , hyped movies are either as good as or ruined by the hype and that ratio is hovering around 50 % . However , this movie falls into the latter . It was n't the worst movie ever -LRB- close , but at least it had a budget -RRB- , though right from the start I had issues . Now , I 'm down with the idea that some hippie , animal liberation bozos would end up destroying society , but the whole first scene was laughably bad . I will admit , the movie did started becoming promising , but only to rot away and FAST ! I personally do n't see how this movie is any different than DAWN OF THE DEAD other than the fact that DAWN was a criticism on consumerism and 28 DAYS was a commentary on ... sex ? ... I think . `` Soldiers are horny '' seems to be this movie 's overall message , or at least `` the apocalypse will make men do morally ambiguous things to satisfy their libido . '' Thanks . I think all of us zombie fanatics could have figured that one out on our own . In the end , this is just the arrogant sods that brought us that sterling example of cinema THE BEACH -LRB- and the director who , in my opinion , butchered Irvine Welch 's novel TRAINSPOTTING -RRB- exposing a trite taboo . I 've seen some trashy zombie films in my day , but at least none of them took themselves so horrendously serious.I 've been reading the glowing reviews of this movie , and I 'm a bit perplexed by some of them . I 've read that it plainly deals with the hopelessness of the situation ... as if DAWN or even RETURN OF THE LIVING DEAD did n't . There 's nothing particularly special about this movie.Talking about RETURN OF THE LIVING DEAD , I think it 's total bull to declare 28 DAYS as the introduction of the `` Fast Zombie . '' There were plenty of zombies running around in RETURN and ROTLD PART 2 . How about the scene when all the zombies bum rush the cops ? There are two separate scenes of zombies bum rushing cops in ROTLD , and another one when they take out the paramedics ! So what , we should give credit to 28 DAYS because some of the zombies were superhumanly fast ? We should give it full marks for making them faster ? Please.Also , I 've read that the movie 's landmark because it does n't rely on violence . Instead it relies on changing a tire really really quickly so the stampeding herd of zombies do n't infect you . Come on ! This is supposed to be tension ? It was like watching NASCAR ! I did n't hate this movie because it lacked gunfire or bombs . I hated this movie because it was a boring , watered down rip-off with the moral rudder of a prudish eighth grade girl . Besides lacking action , it also lacked any semblance of suspense , drama , or intrigue . Oh , and how about calling the disease `` Rage ? '' How hokey can you possibly get?I will say that the sequel looks interesting , not that I 'm going to pay theater prices to see it , but I will definitely give it a try on DVD . As for the predecessor , I 'll just leave it for the monkeys .
 This has got to be one of the most boring movies ever made . It was pointless and stupid . Not only that , but it ripped off other movies.The virus gets out . How ? Some people let the animals out and it begins infecting people . Remind us of something ? cough *** Resident Evil *** cough . Not only that , but Jim wakes up in a hospital all by himself . What does that remind us of ? cough *** Resident Evil Movie *** cough . Then the rest of the movie rips off Day of the Dead28 Days Later-1 . -RRB- Jim shouting `` Hello . '' to the in the empty city .2 . -RRB- Tough chick .3 . -RRB- Crazy Military Men .4 . -RRB- Military men wanting sex with women .5 . -RRB- 3 survivors .6 . -RRB- Weak Man .7 . -RRB- Happy ending .8 . -RRB- Using infected to teach people about infected .9 . -RRB- Jim escaping .10 . -RRB- Jim letting infected in .11 . -RRB- Leader of military getting killed by infected being used to teach people about infected while survivors leave .12 . -RRB- Bad dream .13 . -RRB- Talks about god and mankind.Day of the Dead-1 . -RRB- Miguel shouting , `` Hello . '' in the city .2 . -RRB- Tough chick .3 . -RRB- Crazy Military Men .4 . -RRB- Military men wanting sex with Sarah .5 . -RRB- 3 survivors .6 . -RRB- Weak soldier .7 . -RRB- Happy ending .8 . -RRB- Using zombies to learn about the zombies .9 . -RRB- Miguel escaping .10 . -RRB- Miguel letting zombies in .11 . -RRB- Leader of military getting shot by Bub while survivors escape .12 . -RRB- Bad dreams .13 . -RRB- Talks about god and mankind.Hmmm ... Now some people did n't know this and decided to back it up by saying it was inspired . cough *** Matt P. *** cough . But it is not inspired . It is a complete rip off.There are people who say this is better than the remake of Dawn . How ? This was crap . The remake of Dawn and this movie hardly had anthing in common . Name 13 things that Dawn of the Dead 2004 , and 28 Days Later had in common , and they better be good.So this movie is crap . Shaun of the Dead is the U.K. 's next big thing , and that looks stupid too .
 I wish I read the reviews before I bought this , The blu ray quality is worse than most dvd quality movies I 've seen . I thought it was an issue with my TV but I tried on 3 different set ups and all looked horrible . Do not buy the blu ray version !!!!
 Do not buy the Blu-Ray version of this movie ! The film quality is so terrible you gain nothing from having the blu-ray ... save your money and get the DVD of this movie
 I wonder why `` 28 Days Later '' is proclaimed a groundbreaking take on zombie horror . Could it be because it offers neither zombies nor much horror ? Granted , the rage infected living are the closest equivalent to real zombies . Unfortunately , they play just a minor role.The movie has only a few scenes that are moderately scary , but short-lived and all over before something truly frightening would ever happen.More often the film is tedious.And contrary to what you might have heard there is nothing new here.After the main characters meet the soldiers it 's getting worse , much worse . It 's as though that second part belongs to a totally different film -LRB- one I definitely would n't want to see -RRB- . Oh , and regarding the social commentary ... blah , blah , blah ... I 'm not impressed - it 's nothing new under the sun , either.You may think a 1 star rating a bit harsh , but it equals my huge disappointment with this so-called `` horror '' movie .
 How uninspiringly unoriginal . So , the movie dares you to imagine - what if there was a gloabal epidemic -LRB- and spread by apes , to boot -RRB- ? I 'm floored . Such genius ! What a diabolically ingeneous directorial concoction ! -LRB- Oh , btw , any coincidence to the decades-long AIDS pandemic supposedly spread by human contact with Rhesus monkeys is purely coincindental . -RRB- That 's pretty much what the movie is about . England is hit by monkey fever . Cities sprawl citizenless . Dead line the gutters . Everybody is evacuated . Wherever to ? How ? Which other country rolled out the red carpet for this seething mass with its baggage of potential human extinction ? Ah , these are but minutiae , utterly trivial and irrelevant beneath the grandly sweeping brush of our director.The infected undead -LRB- aka zombies -RRB- run amuck . You would do well to hack them to bits , because that is all this movie has got going for it . But pray tell , how do I tell a zombie from a good guy , before I merrily bludgeon him to a pulp ? By their penchant for bulging red contact lenses , that 's how . What 's the matter with you ? Never seen a real zombie movie before?And so it meanders on . After the ape-holocaust , Jim meets Selena . Jim and Selena meet little girl and dad . Dad does n't have his red contact lenses yet , and so the merry band wanders around looking for zombies to chop to bits . They run into bunch of soldiers . Soldiers are horny , and want women . Women do n't want soldiers . Women only want to kill more zombies . Dad finally finds his contacts and tries them on , and would do a zombie proud . Hack , Hack , hack . Not any more.Let 's see . . hack , hack , hack some more , and presto - the convoy of soldiers is history . Hack , hack , hack , and liberating airplane flies directly overhead . Wave , wave , wave , and make arrangements for helicopter airlift.The end.The tag line on the DVD says `` Scariest movie since The Exorcist '' . `` Truly terrifying '' . `` Chilling '' . Etc. . If I were a zombie , I 'd agree . I 'd be truly chilled , terrified , horrified and apalled that my lot had been so completely trivialized by such dire lack of imagination . Zombies all over the world would hang their collective heads in shame , and realize that something more horrifying than the walking undead was on the loose - movie directors possessed of just one buttock .
 First let me state that I 'm not a zombie horror fan , I just thought this movie looked scary and decided to check it out . Much to my disappointment , I am sorry I bought it !! What a waste . From what I can remember -LRB- it was so boring to me it 's hard to -RRB- , it starts out eerie , which was cool , but it becomes so dull and loses all point half way through the movie . It 's hard to stay interested in what happens to the people involved . One thing I liked about it was that the zombies were fast , but instead of looking scary , I just thought they looked funny . This movie was also way too long . I fell asleep in both sittings of trying to watch it . So take my advice , do not buy this movie UNLESS you KNOW you will like it . Maybe I just do n't like this kind of movie , but either way , I would not watch it again if you payed me .
 Where can I begin to describe how awful this movie really is ? First let me state that I am a HUGE fan of zombie movies . Day Of The Dead ? Great movie ! Dawn of the Dead ? Great movie ... both versions ! This movie ... . well , suffice to say that Danny Boyle apparently is n't so much as a pimple on the ass of the great George Romero , or Sam Raimi , or any other great horror director for that matter . While the initial idea of the movie is scary and the previews made it out to look terrifying , the plot is so disjointed , drawn out , chatty , and utterly stupid that any potential shown in the first ten minutes is quickly shot to hell . Did I hate this movie ? Yes . Would I rather snort shards of glass than to ever watch it again ? Maybe not , but it was still an utter waste of my time . I feel stupider for having seen it .
 A terrible , terrible movie . Honestly , the only thing this movie has going for it is the cool cover art . I admit the plot is kinda interesting , but the dull characters , unconvincing zombies -LRB- the `` Infected '' -RRB- and utter lack of fright factor bury this movie . The only scary part is in the beginning , and it has NOTHING to do with zombies , or the movie . Its a random thing that happens . Overall , the storyline was hard to follow , the characters were dull and uninteresting , and it was basically one of those movies you watch just because you 're interested to know how the director/writer decided to end this piece of garbage . Avoid at all costs , unless you 're a rabid zombie/horror movie fan , in that case rent it nothing more .
 The blu-ray look exactly like it did in theaters . I bought this for $ 6 at Safeway -LRB- improperly tagged -RRB- or I would not have picked it up . I was filmed on SD Camcorder with no HD or way to upgrade it whatsoever . It might as well have been filmed with the same gear used in the '50s . It looks like the DVD , not better no worse . Buy the DVD unless you are an audiophile .
 Well , I thought the movie had a great and original storyline but I was not to fond with the acting and filming . In all honesty , the only good thing about this DVD is the movie 's storyline and that is it , I just ca n't say more . You may want to give it a look . . but do n't expect much .
 Unimaginative , much hyped sci-fi/horror time filler about small group of survivors of a disease ravaged London , where the infected turn into rage-filled `` monsters '' . Stark film making from talented director of `` Trainspotters '' and `` Shallow Grave '' has its moments , but as a whole it does n't add up to much . Owes much from similar films such as `` The Omega Man '' , `` Dawn of the Dead '' , and `` The Crazies '' , just to name a few . Energetic -LRB- at times frantic -RRB- camera work , appropriate lighting , music and sound , take away from the fact that we 've seen all this before . A few good scares here and there and some truly riveting scenes may keep some fans of the genre from cutting this one loose , but inconsistencies in the story , unintelligable dialouge and one-dimensional characterizations will quickly disappoint others . Clearly not for all tastes , but for those who are game , you 'll have a good time .
 I watched this movie thinking that it was really freakin scary . Wrong . Some parts may be somewhat startling but not at all scary . In this movie as the suspense would be building up there would be some stupid joke or they would cut to another , more quiet scene . The plot in this movie is not bad , and neither is the acting , but the actual story line was a waste of time . Along with poor cinematography and crummy picture quality made it a real waste . I ca n't believe i wasted money on seeing this movie .
 This movie is well made and the first half is pretty exciting , however , midway through the film , it is simply ruined by the pathetic politically correct story line which shows evil white men taking advantage of chaos to create a rape camp . Simply pathetic . The `` heros '' in this film serve the current multi-cultural PC agenda as do the `` villans '' , with the not so subtle message that most white men would turn into violent monsters without the leviathon superstate to keep them in line . But really what can you expect from a film made in Britain , which is a real horrifying PC dystopia , much more scary than this film . To conclude , this film is even more sad because the potential for the story could have been so much more and so much more believable than this thin little fairy tale they concocted . Especially ridiculous is the transformation of the male `` hero '' from a whimpering pasty metro-sexual crying for the female `` hero '' not to leave him behind , `` help , help , do n't leave me '' , into an eye gouging super-hero when confronting evil . This is just another example of why most modern films simply suck . Unrealistic PC drivel . The zombies were cool though .
 What the heck happened ? After a dramatic start that sets the table for pending doom and fatalism , 28 DAYS LATER devolves into a trite and lackluster military bash . It was much more interesting watching Cillian Murphy and Naomie Harris doing battle with hordes of infected humans rather than a platoon of nimrods , but apparently director Danny Boyle decided a jarhead in fatigues was scarier than a snarling pack of red-eyed demons . I know I 'm shaking in my sandals.Again , the entire premise of this film is fascinating
 This movie was terrible . Ugly cinematography , bad direction , poor storyline and run of the mill FX . If you want to see something in the same vein , although much better , try 1971 's `` The Omega Man '' , starring Charlton Heston .
 My partner was very curious to see `` 28 Days Later '' , which , as the ballyhoo went , was this `` ultra-scary '' film that critics and audiences were praising to the skies . Doubting Thomas that I am , was skeptical . So , off we went and rented the DVD . And were we surprised ! What would you get if you took `` On the Beach '' , `` The World , the Flesh and the Devil '' , all of George Romero 's `` Dead '' films , `` Rambo '' , and even `` The Crying Game '' , threw them all together in an editing room , and what would you come up with ? This film ! The film did hold our interest about halfway through the film , though we felt the `` music video '' - style music extremely distracting and annoying , reminding us that we were `` watching a movie '' . We did express interest in the characters , though they were , of course , `` horror/action '' movie characters , i.e. 2-dimensional . And yes , characters that we began to identify with were brutally killed off well into the film , ala Hitchcock 's `` Psycho '' , but then the film just went berserk and fell apart . A maniac British army officer and his goons in a mansion-turned military compound begin to brutalize the -LRB- now 3 -RRB- survivors of a deadly rage-inducing plague to sexist views of womanhood and such . Dressing a `` strong '' black woman and a 14 year old white girl in red prom dresses with the intention of using them for `` man 's pleasure '' , now really ! And the soft-spoken , sensitive hero turns into an avenging Rambo to save them ! And the ending ? Do n't ask ! My partner and I both felt like we 'd been `` had '' . But , courageous souls that we were , watched the extra features on the DVD . The alternative ending -LRB- which is n't an ending , really , it 's more like the second half of the film -RRB- shown in story-board with voice-overs , would certainly have been a much more interesting choice than the wayward direction that this film took . And director Boyle and company 's pontificating about the `` threat of deadly viruses and their possibility '' is all fine and lofty stuff , but that does n't excuse nor validate this misbegotten , bloody mess . The end product should speak for itself . Alfred Hitchcock did n't film presumptuous , preachy explanations following the endings of `` Psycho '' or `` The Birds '' , did he ? Have audiences forgotten the criteria that justify a `` well-made '' and `` entertaining '' film , such as structure , character development , and coherency ? `` 28 Days Later '' is yet another example of `` The Emperor 's New Clothes '' , ladled out to a very complacent , naive , uneducated audience . If you are 20 years old and have been raised solely on MTV , then this is a `` great '' film . To quote a friend 's mother , `` They did n't have ME in mind when they made this '' . Bleccchhhhhhh !
 No . This movie was not very good . Tried to be artsy , but stunk . I would not recommend it to anyone . Ever . But if you like movies that are mediocre , than this may be okay .
 Other than that ... uncreative and juvenile . Skip it if you want to be scared or entertained .
 If I was a member of the British military , I would be disgusted and humiliated by this film . Why did they make the Army charecters at the stronghold a bunch of raping whack jobs ? These people should have been portrayed as civilians gone wrong , not soldiers . Just a terrible plot device , and I feel dumber for having watched it .
 I have never , and I repeat , have never seen a movie that I completely disliked . I have seen a lot of movies in my day , and had yet to be entirely disappointed by a movie until now . I was so excited to see this movie because of all the critical acclaim , but just had n't gotten around to renting it.I think the fact that I was anticipating this movie so much may have led to my utter dissatisfaction . I thought the movie was terrible . For one , there is no sense of time in the movie . Morning turns to night in less than what the movie is depicting as 5 or 10 minutes . I think this flaw was the deciding factor in my final judgement of the movie , though there were many others . I do n't think the characters were as developed as I 'd like . I do n't mean that I want to know everything about them , but I would like to at least have a general sense of personality.Another thing that I did n't like was the ending -LRB- s -RRB- . I 'm not going to give any details out in my review , but after seeing all the endings , I really wish they would have just ended the movie after they left the compound . They ruined it even further by writing the cheezy ending -LRB- s -RRB- that they did.Overall , the only reason I gave the movie 2 stars rather than 1 is out of pity . I do n't have the heart to give an F. I guess I could n't be a teacher .
 It was the worst movle that I have ever seen . The movle never went anywere , Just the movle veiwers leaving the theater place have through .
 As a fan of any kind of movie that is loosely similiar to Zombies I had high hopes for this movie.No such luck.Despite the obvious homage to Omega Man and George Romero , this falls horribly short.From characters you do not care about , to plot holes to the choppy erratic cinematography that is in vogue now as a way to try and introduce tension , this movie fails on all counts.Can ' t understand what people find intriguing with this dissapointing use of celluloid.Save you money and watch Romero 's classics or even Omega Man .
 I must say , this has to be one of the worst films I have ever seen and I absolutely love movies , especially horror films . I found it to be very slow with an all-too-familiar plot . Unless you have a couple of hours to kill and are deperate , do n't bother with this movie .
 Supreme waste of my time . Was this supposed to be original ?
 28 minutes ago
 I have only five words for this movie , DUMBEST ZOMBIE MOVIE EVER MADE !!!! ` Nuff said .
 This was a horrible zombie movie , and I love zombie movies . The remake of Dawn of the Dead is much better
 Dare I say it ? Bordello of Blood was a better movie than this . The director has some talent for camera angles and scenery , but it stops there . Even a supporting actor from Braveheart ca n't save this steaming pile . The virus is never explained . You only see a snippet of its origins , then the rest is supposed to be 28 days later , after the virus wipes out most of the population . What 's not explained is how a person can instantly be turned into a zombie that vomits blood and has red eyes . Nor does it explain what exactly the infected do to their victims . You never see the zombies eat anyone , only attacking and vomiting . So I ask you , what 's the whole purpose of this movie ? The plot is thinner than a dime . Then there 's the European angle on the movie . The musical choices are odd . In the end it 's a B movie hyped up to be the scariest movie you 've ever seen . It 's not scary at all . The virus concept just has no depth or explanation , therefore it 's just plain mindless . It 's sad these actors wasted their talents on this movie . Maybe this passes for horror in Europe , but here in the US it 's subpar .
 Probably the worst this genre has to offer . Hard to believe the critical raves for this when you look at what was to follow
 Dis movie wuz da most retarded movie ever . I thought dis movie wuz goin ' to be scary . I fell asleep watchin ' this movie . All you horror fans do n't waste your money .
 This had to be one of the worst movies I have ever seen . What ever happend to this being `` The scariest movie of the summer '' ? All I have to say is that I was utterly disappointed , thank God that I rented it first .
 With the reviews , I thought this would be a scary movie . But it is n't . It 's based on military experimentation with a virus.The acting is not too great . There really is no `` scare '' in it.A lot of people dying , zombie type undead but even they are not scary . It was a waste of my money .
 `` 28 days later '' was a badley made movie . It contained no plot and you could never tell what was going on . Granted the Stars in the movie were fantastic . The overall movie not worth buying . It was a little too unrealistic . It is highly unlikely to even amagine a virus controlling people in a matter of 15 seconds . I personally thaught it was a terrible movie .
 After seeing the previews i was really wanting to see this . I was disappointed . I dont think it is scary in the least . This entire plot has been done before . It totally ripped of an old 80 's horror moive -LRB- think it was called year of the comet -RRB- where most the world is killed looking at a comet , a few people are left , they pick up a radio transmission , and follow it to its source to find out it wanst what the expected , sound familiar ? Anyways , very slow movie , boring in alot of spots , not enough creatures in the film , and they arnt even the focus of the movie . Deffinitly not enough gore . This is as good as a twighlight zone flick , but not movie material .
 This movie is horrible . It drug out so bad . It had a great storyline and had so much potential but it just did n't come through . Those brits got awfully annoying after a while too . Not enough action either ... I ca n't stand these new directors that think whnever a gory scene comes that the camera should get eal shaky and jump around showing quick dark images so that we ca n't even see whats going on . Horror is losing it , besides House of 1000 Corpses I ca n't think of very many good horror movies that have come out lately . True horror was made in the 70 's and 80 's with Evil Dead , Zombie , and Friday the 13th movies . Those movies you can at least see whats going on . There 's nothing scary about what you ca n't see in a movie , making the screen too dark to know whats going on is n't scary , these directors need to go back to film school or something ... They need to sit down and watch some Lucio Fulci movies and Wes Craven movies , then they might realize what classic horror is , and what it means for a movie to last generations in time because it 's so damn good . These directors from 28 Days Later and Wrong Turn do n't know what the hell I 'm even talking about .
 It 's amazing how crappy movies are being made nowadays . This movie was SO predictable , i watched it with a friend -LRB- a zombie fan -RRB- and he thought it was awesome and bought it right away . And it sucked . This goes on the worst movies list of 2003 with Dreamcatcher , They , and feardotcom . Do n't Waste your time !
 I 've seen this movie before , in several different versions . It starts out as `` 12 Monkeys '' then transforms into `` The Quiet Earth '' and finally ends as `` Day of the Dead . '' In fact , the entire movie is a patchwork of previous , more coherent reflections on the apocalypse . The stroylines , scenes , even characters are lifted directly from other apoacalyptic movies . Even the use of unknown actors has been done previously to achieve the illusion of ordinariness/reality . Presumably , when you do n't see celebrities you think `` gee , this could be me and this could really happen ! '' `` 28 Days Later '' is another example of patent forgery , or should I say `` homage , '' to hit the screens and lift our hard-earned money . The marketing strategy warrants praise for boldly inflating the movie into a phenomenon , transforming a sampled set of imagery into `` the scariest movie since the Exorcist . '' The storyline , pitting survivors against the `` infected '' as well as against one another , is the basis of virtually every zombie movie out there , beginning with `` Night of the Living Dead . '' In fact , if it was n't for George Romero 's Dead series , this and other movie of its ilk would never have been imagined . Even the exploration of sociopolitical issues , such as the global economy , medical ethics , and race relations have been plumbed in other movies repeatedly and more effectively . That goes for the attempts at humor as well . None of the scenes , characters , plot points , or themes in `` 28 Days '' have any original essence . In fact , the filmmakers hardly tried to veil their rehashed version of others ' works . Their use of digital film is about the only new twist in an old drink . It does n't help.The DVD has `` alternate endings '' further validating the sampled -LRB- aka plagiarized -RRB- origins of this movie . The hero is killed ala `` Omega Man . '' The hero survives to lead a bittersweet existence ala `` Planet of the Apes . '' But we could place our own endings in also
 I just rented this movie because I remembered reviews saying that it was really scary and I LOVE scary movies . Let me tell you , there is NOTHING scary about this movie . I think there was one part when I jumped but that was simply from shock not because I was scared . Everything about this movie was predictable and silly . I knew who would die before they did , I pretty much knew the ending before it came . When it was over , i said to myself `` I want the last hour and half of my life back . '' It was pretty bad . So bad that I had to come down here and see how others were rating it . I was shocked to see the number of good reviews . Perplexing !!! Well , to each their own , but I would have to caution anyone who is thinking of getting this vid . It will be time poorly spent . Just my .02 .
 I am a huge fan of zombie movies and apocolyptic films . I love all the old originals - Night of the Living Dead , Return of the Living Dead , Army of Darkness , Evil Dead , Resident Evil , Omega Man etc. . There is n't one made I have n't seen . These movies have redeeming features , either due to macbre humor psychological suspense , or just plain fright . 28 days has NONE of these qualities.The most enjoyable part of the film is the first 20 minutes which sets a fairly believable scene of destruction in England . After that - it goes downhill quickly . If you get this movie expecting a George Romero clone you will be very dissapointed.There is n't even a scene where someone is assaulted or chased by a huge shambling mob . The biggest might be 10 people vs. 4 . What kind of zombie movie does n't have 100 's to 1,000 's of shambling hoardes running through it ??? What 's worse , the majority of deleted scences and even the `` radical alternative ending '' would have made the movie better , but none were included as the director thought they would n't have helped tell the story . And the `` infected '' ? Hey lem me see a few of them up close foaming at the mouth . Instead one is left with the desire to slap the camerman around so he 'll hold still long enough to get a good look at the infected.Believe me when I tell you the most redeeming feature this movie has is as a drink coaster for your coffee table so you can watch a decent horror film.Despite that many reviewers indicate that some of us ca n't appreciate the artistic quality of the film because we `` just do n't get it '' , supposedly due to a lapse in intelligence - I would say `` Poppycock !!! '' The film is mindless drivel , the plot predictable , the acting terrible , and character development worse.Save your money - watch Omega Man or a George Romero marathon .
 The film opens on lab monkeys infected with a virus called `` Rage '' which becomes the predictable end of humans . By the film 's end -LRB- should you make it that far , many in my theater did not -RRB- you may or may not feel like a lab monkey , but you will certainly be infected with `` Rage , '' having just witnessed one of the single worst cinematic endeavors of all time . Rent `` Night of the Living Dead '' if you 're into zombies or `` Night of the Comet '' if you want to think about it being cool on earth without people . Do not see this . If you liked `` Shallow Grave '' or `` Trainspotting '' and you think Danny Boyle can recover from `` The Beach , '' you 're wrong . So was I.
 I truly wanted this movie to be good , I really really did . There have been so few good scary movies in the past 10 + years -LRB- and please do n't say Blair Witch or Scream - those do n't equal scary -RRB- . I had the feeling this movie was named `` 28 days later '' because that 's how long it felt to watch it!But , alas , it 's not scary in the least , and in fact , it simply is n't even good . It 's yet another movie which concentrates on cheap noise or things jumping out at you with loud crashes and screams to voice its `` scares . `` As for original , umm no . It steals many concepts and just changes them a touch . Such as the `` zombies '' . Clearly they are `` zombies '' , but they are n't called that ... rather just people infected with the `` rage '' running around killing everything in sight . But come on ! A good portion of the plot is taken straight from `` Night of the living dead '' and other parts are taken straight from other zombie movies.And man , I 'm so sick of movies where you notice the director more than the show . * wink wink * any one every think the reason behind that is because if the director did n't scream `` HEY LOOK AT ME '' every shot than people would see how flawed the movie is ? Ohhh look how artsy my camera work is ... ummm sorry Mr Director but all I was noticing was poor character development , boring dialogue , and very predictable `` scare-speech-run-scare-speech-run '' pattern mixed around supposedly clever camera tricks ... bah humbug.I believe this will be yet another movie where the `` hype '' will eventually die out and people will see it for just how bad it is . Blair Witch and The Ring are two other movies which are tarnished , or are starting to tarnish now that time is past ... 28 days will soon follow .
 First off this film was NOT A ZOMBIE FILM . It was a film about an infection that made the carrier turn into a homicidal bezerker . They did not eat their victims they just tried to infect them by bleeding on them . Nothing zombie about that . The film was passable for what it was , a cutesy little horror film . I will forever be haunted by that idiot main caracter walking through the deserted streets yelling hello . I watched this saying to myself please kill him . I have never wanted the main character of a film to be killed faster than this guy . I just did n't like this poor attampt at horror movie making . P.S. 28 weeks later was even lamer than this film .
 Lets just start the review here.These monkeys in a research lab are being tested and some animal activists break in . The researcher warns them but they let the monkeys out anyway . Then the movie starts with a guy naked . Kinda weird , but alright . Anyways , the creepiness starts when noone is around except him . We know why , he does n't . Anyways , once Jim meets the other 2 survivors , they go to this house . The house lets Jim remember things , and then BOOYAKA the jump point comes . Yea , you probably will jump because the sound kicks up alot when this zombie comes ! Thats it . The movie had a great thing going . I was getting ready to jump whenever I saw bodies and such , but never . The movie could of had you jumping at every turn , but it does n't . The characters are nice , but again ... This movie is n't scary at all . I jumped once at the beggining . We basically see these few people travel far to a military compound where these soldiers are apparently saying . Of course , the main character kicks some ... -LRB- against 1 zombie in the whole film and like 10 guys -RRB- , but its almost as if the director forgot about the zombies , because they become useless . I am going to be honest ... You will probably completely forget about the zombies and such about 30 minutes into this 1 hour 40 minute film , and you should . Theres like 1 or 2 zombies after that . Honestly , it turns into an action movie . Mostly because Jim kills these guys , and does n't care about the zombies as you will see -LRB- neither will you -RRB- . There is no vicious killer , and the movie is n't scary . I hate to say it , but the alternate endings are worthless . I watched 2 of them -LRB- there are like 3 -RRB- and I was done . They are retarted . Then there is the actual ending . The movie basically starts creepy , then for about 45 minutes -LRB- im not exaggerating -RRB- you will witness no zombies -LRB- except a little mob of them but you know they are coming a mile away -RRB- but they wo n't matter . Honestly , the movie has you kinda creeped for 15 minutes , then it 's 45 minutes of no action except shopping in a supermarket and replacing a tire ... . Not scary , and if this movie won so many awards in another country , I do n't know what kind of movies they are watching over there .
 i will admit the zombies were pretty good but the storyline was just horrible i was about to leave the cinema before it ended take my word for it waste of valuable Time !!!!!
 I just spent the first 15 minutes to know thw movie was stupid , boring and with the worst plot ever planned . Has a good beginning , but goes down until the end . It 's the mix of the movies of George A. Romero and Resident Evil , but in England . The dialogues are made by a child , the characters are annoying , the music is disturbing and the movement of the camera , seem to made a man with Parkinson . Do n't waste your time and money with this .
 To the people who are trying to make themselves sound smart by writing about how everyone `` do n't get it '' get over yourselves , this is not a movie that makes you think , and if you feel intelligent by watching this movie then you need to question who the real moron is . Pick up a book and read , you 'll find plenty of books like this that are much better than this movie . The beginning is great , I do have to give the writer and director credit cause it really sets up the tone of the movie , your almost on edge waiting for something to happen . But then as it goes along all it does is get more and more disappointing , and that 's a shame cause it had so much potential . This film is no ` Night of the living Dead ' and you almost wish it was cause at least you 'd actually be scared instead of sighing and waiting for another flash of the zombies , and that 's all you really get are flashes , there 's no real interaction with the infected and uninfected . The movie would have been much better if it were ` Night of the living dead apocalypse style ' maybe if they had them fighting the zombies more and did n't have that whole `` Military '' thing going on half way in it would have been an improvement . The alternative endings were okay but I doubt it could have improved the movie , face it the trailers were more scarier than this film . The whole movie just started to plain suck after the beginning to be honest and I wondered if the real title of this movie was 28 days of boredom cause after watching it you feel as if 28 days have been sucked out of your life.You want a good scary zombie flick watch the original `` Night of the living Dead '' instead .
 First of I would like to say that I had some high hopes for this movie . The idea of the film still seems good to me , but has been done so much better by Romero . What we get here is 2 hours of complete boredom . Not once during this movie was I `` scared as hell '' like the cover said I should be . The only reason I kept watching this -LSB- ... -RSB- was that I had some hope of the movie redeeming itself . It never did . NEVER SEE THIS MOVIE . EVER !!!!! EDIT
 this is the most god awful movie I have ever seen in my entire life . Boring as all get out . Nothing interesting . Dawn of the dead without the humor . its HORRIBLE.I was looking forward to this movie and I am so sorry to have to say it was probably the worst film I 've ever seen in my life .
 A not very scary or thought provoking movie . The movie is bereft of people and zombies ! The zombies live indoors and only come out at night . This is because they were infected by a virus . Stupid . That whole Dracula thing is best left in a Vampire movie anyhow . How the first two survivors survived -LRB- or any of them for that matter -RRB- is beyond a mystery . The first encounter with a zombie kills one of them off in half a second and this guy was supposed to be a survivor ? The Nazi like camp they encounter iswhere everyone gets their highbrow ideas about this movie . It did n't bring me to any revelations . I already know people suck without a movie sucking to tell me bout it . How about some makeup for those dracu-ombies ? The living people looked as much like zombies as the others . Please just rent the classic or even the remake of Night of the Living Dead . Otherwise its a horror suspense movie for poeple who do n't usually like that sort of thing .
 Before you go see the sequel better hope they improved upon this films ' special effects . Writing Characters that behave credibly would have been good too . !!! I 'll leave it up to you
 This is an absolutely pathetic movie that is neither scary or interesting . The characters are boring and they leave you at the end of the movie hoping they get killed . It is such a low-budget movie that its no wonder it only lasted in the movie theaters for a few weeks . That should tell you all you need to know about it . The actions of the main characters in the movie make no sense at all . I 'm upset that I even wasted the $ 4.00 to rent this piece of crap .
 I felt like the movie kept me entertained in the beginning , when it was all about the zombie-things and all . But there was that totally unnecessary shot of the main actor 's nether regions . What was up with that ? Anyway , I was mildly entertained through the whole beginning , but then all the sudden , the zombies were n't important anymore . What was important was that the two girls escaped being raped by the army guys . YEAH , RIGHT . We entirely shifted focus , and I found it terribly stupid . And the ending was the stupidest thing I 've ever seen . It was a terrible disappointment when I had been wanting to see it for so long .
 As an avid movie critic , I found this movie to be dull and the least bit original . To begin with this must have been written years before the world became technological . Also if you want a good scary movie do n't purchase this , it is n't at all . It has not ultimate climax , if anything the introduction is the highlight of the movie and from that point it begins to go downhill . The `` zombies '' or `` infected '' look so fake and were so poorly developed that they ended up looking like psychotic nutcases . I was attracted to this movie because it is british , and british film makers have a unique way of capturing their audience . This movie failed to do anything to me at all except make me feel like i should n't rented Buffy the Vampire Slayer which would have given me more thrills.If you want a movie with no climax and a bunch of talk then buy this , if you want a good movie , i would suggest looking around some more .
 I rented this movie expecting one heck of a good horror movie and in return , I ended up watching one of the worst , stupidest films I have ever seen . I wo n't even go into the details of this film for it 's simply too awful . Can we say Boring ???? Can we say What A Waste of Money ??????????? I wanted my money back !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Unless you have a gun to your head , I would n't suggest anyone renting this movie !!!!!!!!!!!!
 28 Days Later begins when some foolish environmental activists/terrorists manage to unleash a plague of `` Rage '' upon England -LRB- and possibly the world -RRB- . The story then picks up 28 days later when a young man wakes up from a coma in his hospital bed that goes back to just prior to the outbreak . As he , and by extension we , attempt to find out what 's going on he wanders around London calling out `` hello '' repeatedly with no one answering . While he ultimately manages to find other people as well as some infected unfortunates , it is striking how empty the entire city of London is . Where did all those millions of people disappear to ? We never learn the answer to that question . As the movie continues and we see the rest of England , we find it is similarly depopulated . There are nowhere near enough corpses to believe everyone is dead and nowhere near enough infected to believe that everyone has turned.I would gladly set aside an empty country if there were only something interesting happening in the movie to push it from my mind . Sadly , the plot is almost nonexistent in this movie . Very little actually happens . Our small band of characters wander an empty UK and are very occasionally attacked but there is surprisingly little real menace . When they finally find an organized band of military men , we find that man 's inhumanity to man is alive and well as these `` saviors '' are arguably worse than the Rage infected maniacs . This theme has been done in virtually every movie of this type sinceNight of the Living Dead -LRB- Millennium Edition -RRB- and almost always in a far more interesting way.The director of this film clearly has no idea how to build suspense , develop characters , or even shoot interesting action scenes . I ca n't say that any aspect of this film was strong , or even mediocre , and would urge any and all people who have n't seen this yet to avoid it .
 I purchased this movie on Blu-ray assuming it would be 1080p , but I was mistaken . It is simply DVD quality . Save yourself the trouble and purchase it on DVD . I do however , love the movie content which is why I purchased it in the first place !
 Lousy premise , lousy acting , lousy filming techniques , lousy color and hues that did n't do anything to change the feeling of the movie . It was n't scary , it was n't thrilling . Tedious does n't even begin to describe this movie . Was the director asleep ? Did he just let the actors improvise all the scenes ?
 Spending money for the Bluray version is very foolish . However much you like the movie , and I did like it , the Bluray is awful . Grainy , soft , loaded with halo artifacts from the transfer 's effort to increase sharpness , and it 's a disaster from start to finish . Buy the DVD if you must own it , but go cheap .
 As has been pointed out by some others this is NOT a BluRay disc that even comes close to anything approaching HD quality.On my 55 '' HD it looked like an SD TV broadcast ; This is an excellent movie but I would n't have wasted my money on this low quality BD if I had known how disappointing the image quality was going to be .
 When I first heard about 28 Days Later , it was made out to be a zombie flick . IT IS NOT A ZOMBIE MOVIE !!! The so-called zombies are people infected with a virus known as RAGE ... The `` Zombies '' run around screaming like idiots , kill their victims and run away screaming again ... Most zombies eat their victims after killing them , they do n't run away screaming ! If you are looking for a zombie movie , this is the wrong place to start ! A friend of mine seen that I was going to buy the movie and said do n't do it and I wish that I listened to him !
 I saw previews for this and thought it looked awesome . I was badly mistaken . It is slow , boring , and unscary . Less than halfway through it I was ready to leave . I kept expecting something scary to happen but it never did . Horrible film ! Do n't waste your time . I would n't have given it any stars if that was a choice .
 I really wanted to like this movie , it had a good concept , -LRB- albeit stolen from ` The Stand ' -RRB- . The thing that threw me off the most aside from the horribly put together script , was the fact that the ` infected ' never once attacked each other . They were practically lobotomy victims , how did theyknow that they wanted to infect others?TOTAL CRAP !!!
 ... I 've never watched a movie and actually felt that it was soooooo bad that I wasted an hour and 45 minutes until this one ! I sat there waiting for a movie to break out , but it never did . This has to be THE worst movie I 've ever seen . It is SO bad that to tell you not to see it would be a mistake . You 've GOT TO SEE THIS MOVIE to appeciate how bad it is . But , watch it on cable or watch someone else 's copy ... do n't waste your money on it . ... P.S. I recently picked this up for $ 4.00 because it was packaged with another movie I was already going to buy . It 's still a rip off , but now I can show people how bad this movie was -LRB- yes , it was that bad -RRB- .
 This movie is NOT 1080p . When you watch it , you 'll notice in the first minute that this is a re-mastered SD version . Total waste of money for those that actually care . I loved 28 Days Later when I first saw it in SD some years ago . Amazing movie . I was so excited to see this in beautiful HD on my 46 '' Samsung LED ... only to be angrily disappointed by the video quality . This is a hoax -- do not buy it .
 Great movie , terrible transfer to blu-ray . I bought this when it originally came out on dvd and loved it . Picked it up when it was released on BR hoping to have a brand new experience but I was wrong . I 've seen better quality video on VCR recordings left over from the early nineties . It 's absolutely disgusting that the blu-ray community keeps paying high dollar for trash transfers like this . DO NOT BUY ON BLU-RAY !!
 What a stinker of a movie . Comparing this waste of good DVD media to the `` Exorcist '' has to make one laugh . Without a doubt , the most frightening part of this movie was the fact that I paid $ 10.00 for it.If they really wanted to make it more interesting , a fourth ending might show the cast , crew , and writers searching for a better scripe for there next movie .
 This is simply a nonsensical and unneeded remake of `` Day of the Triffids '' with zombie humans replacing alien plants . What else is there to say but
 Man , I 'm having a rough streak lately ! Another bomb . You would think that the director of `` Trainspotting '' would put out another original piece of work . You 'd be wrong in this case . And then the box has the nerve to say this is the scariest film since the Exorcist ? Please - it was neither scary or even comparable to that true classic . Last movie made that claim was `` The Ring '' , and that box lied , too . That 's it , no more buying movies with the word `` Exorcist '' on it . I should know better . Boring , overlong zombie film .
 This movie was not good at all , it sucked big time nobody get this i hate it .
 I love horror and sci fi pictures and , going by the adds and hype , made the mistake of buying this on DVD before actually seeing it . I strongly recommend you rent this movie before wasting $ 20.00 on it . This is my opinion and judging from some of these other reviews , I either saw a completely different movie or I am too critical -LRB- which I doubt since I usually like crappy movies most others do n't -RRB- . The only thing I enjoyed about this horribly filmed and acted movie was when the damn thing ended . I can not tell anyone what to think nor do I imagine my opinion matters . I just strongly advise anyone to borrow or rent it before spending good money on it ! In parting here is a thought , I own over 1000 + DVDs that I have bought over the last 5 years.I feel so strongly about how terrible this movie was that this is the only movie I ever felt I needed to write something about and , the only movie I have EVER gotten rid of immediately after seeing it , HONESTLY !
 I love this movie and was excited when I finally got my Blu-Ray copy ... What garbage ... this transfer to Blu-ray is HORRIBLE ... I surely wished I checked the reviews before I purchased this ... Stick with the DVD ...
 No SPOILERS-Saw this movie back in 2002 and left very disappointed . My daughter brought it home this weekend because she knows I like Zombie movies -LRB- she did n't know that I had already seen it -RRB- and after giving it a second viewing - nope , still bad . It starts out like it 's going to be really good with the atmosphere of the deserted streets but it soon just turns into one of those movies were you keep waiting for something to happen , but never does . It unfortunately was just boring and not scary at all for me and my daughter -LRB- and it did n't help this movie that we watched The Return of the Living Dead two weeks previous which was great fun-no comparison -RRB- so I certainly would n't recommend someone purchasing this .
 28 Days , a good attempt at a plot thats been done a million times . The movie begins to lag when the main character spends 20 minutes of the movie , -LRB- not literally -RRB- walking around the streets of London screaming `` Hello ! '' Its a decent movie if you are into zombie movies , but it 's not DVD worthy . I would n't pay to own it .
 Starts out great then about 1/3rd of the way through the characters start to make such stupid , unrealistic decisions that I almost turned it off . Ultimately , it was n't worth watching .
 My expectation was big and what a disappointment . This movie is kind of mix between `` Day of the Triffids '' and `` Dawn of the dead '' . In my opinion , they simply copy both films to make this one so for someone like Danny Boyle , the director , I will consider his work as a real disappointment , possibly a mistake . Why to make such a movie when you know that you wo n't make better anyway ? Romero made a masterpiece with Zombies longtime ago and nobody never challenged his work so far .28 days later is first of all , not scary at all !!! Quickly , it becomes not very interesting and easy to imagine what will happen next . 2 stars for the scenes of the EMPTY LONDON , a real exploit in my opinion but what is the point ? This film does n't deserve your time .
 This movie has a very interesting premise
 The movie itself is quite enjoyable ; I already have seen it a couple of times before , but did not mind watching it again at all in BD -LRB- which is the only reason that convinced me to give it 2 stars instead of one -RRB- . But , DO NOT watch it in BD ! The regular DVD quality is much much better . Recently I 've been watching new BD movies or even movies that I have already seen before in BD because I really enjoy the high resolution & high definition quality . This movie however is NOT IN HD QUALITY . This honestly without exaggeration is the worst Bluray quality I have ever watched so far.I ca n't believe how they would exploit people like this by just producing Bluray disc without improving the definition -LRB- which I thought was the point of BD -RRB- so that people would once again buy the title , expecting a much better quality of this amazing film .
 28 Days later was a terrible disappointment to me . I had heard about how wonderful this movie was from a bunch of my friends that are into horror movies , so I gave this a whirl and was ready to flush it down the toilet . The movie is about some monkeys that had a disease that turned people into blood raging freaks that crave human flesh . Though they are never really identified as zombies , they are close enough.So this guy wakes up 28 days after the initial outbreak of the disease to find that almost all of England has been abandoned . So he tries to figure out what happened while attempting to survive and you follow him along on his journey as he meets different people and interacts with humans that are and are not infected . There are a few different endings to view , but in the end , the movie just did n't do it for me.I can see where people loved this movie , it was n't such an all out horror movie and there were a few interesting twists to the plot , but overall , it came down to the fact that I eventually was waiting for everyone to die or escape so I could go do something else .
 I watched this movie purely because of the hype . If I had seen as much as a preview , I expect that would have been enough to make me lose interest , but I rented it blindly , and hoped for the best.I think this is probably the most overrated film I have ever seen . It gets off to a pretty bad start in terms of plausability , expecting us to just accept that one lone man was left unscathed in a hospital while everyone around him was attacked and infected . I do n't understand how it did n't occur to the writers that this is something that requires an explanation . It 's also pretty boring . So many scenes are so unneccessarily long and drawn out when nothing is happening . The five minute musical montage of the guy walking through the deserted city . Ok , we get it , the city is deserted , move on , something happen . Even the twenty seconds showing the stuff stuck on the fridge at his home was infuriating . Show it for two seconds , move on , something happen . I 'm sure some people would say those excessively drawn out scenes were important in setting a mood , but a lot of the early part of the film just left me bored and annoyed , wishing something would happen.Although it was seemingly promoted as a `` zombie '' movie , nothing interesting happened with the zombies , and fighting the zombies was a minor background plot , with the focus being placed more on human drama . So you 've got the boring underdeveloped zombie plot , and the boring underdeveloped human drama plot , both fighting for their right to bore you . Other than a couple of violent scenes , which really are n't as bad as some people seem to want to make them out to be , the film starts to take on an almost wholesome family viewing tone.The obligatory romantic entanglement is introduced , and handled rather badly , falling into the trite hollywood conventions this movie is supposedly distanced from . The cringeworthy culmination of this being when the girl is all oh you killed my captor now let me make out with you.The film is kind of separated into two parts , the second being after they enter the army base . The second part is n't as badly done as the first . It 's just an ugly feel-bad thing , with the army guys proving to be more sinister badguys than the zombies . I do n't find any major fault with the way that part of movie was executed , it was done well even , I guess , but it was n't something I enjoyed watching or would have wanted to had I known what to expect . The editing does become a bit garbled towards the end though . There were a few parts when I was like who 's this guy , who just shot at that guy , is n't that the other guy from before , why is he over there . It seemed like they did a really rushed editing job , and just took out random chunks of movie , leaving a fragmented narrative , where you have to fill in the dots way too much . I do n't know what they were going for , because it is difficult to follow , and there 's no reason it needed to be . And that 's all I have to say about this travesty of a film . I hate it . It 's not good .
 28 Days Later was one I skipped in theaters because I wo n't see any more videos badly blown up onto 35mm because some director 's convinced himself it looks better than film while the studio saves a few bucks on processing . I 'm glad I did , because judging from how bad it looks on DVD it must have been nigh on unwatchable on the big screen . Close-ups are fine , but anything more than a two shot and the lack of depth and detail -LRB- not to mention the problems with any straight lines that are anything other than perfectly vertical or horizontal -RRB- is a major irritation . The major casualty is any sense of scale - with the long shots looking so horribly flat and lifeless , most of the film is played in medium shots , which means in effect you 're watching a TV show with worse picture quality than you 'd get on a game show . Rather than the sense of immediacy the makers claim , you 're just left at a distance from much of the film because you 're too busy squinting to try to work out the background detail.The film itself is utterly predictable in every way - you know who 'll die , what the plot twists will be and exactly where and when they 'll happen - but aside from the substandard visual quality and the fact that it 's basically ` No Blade of Grass ' with zombies , it 's actually pretty good until the finale , when Cillian Murphy goes all Rambo on squaddies and ` infected ' alike . Despite the horrible miscasting of David Schneider in the opening scene , the performances are very good , especially the erratic Brendan Gleeson as a London cabbie , which helps raise the bar . It 's just a shame that the videography has such a deadening effect on the film.If you want to see a really good British horror movie , however , track down Neil Marshal 's The Descent instead .
 I do n't feel this video warrants the $ 25.00 cost , although I think highly of Dr. Dunbar 's work and recommend his training methods . I think you could get this same information without spending the $ 25.00 plus shipping costs , since the video shows a very limited amount of training material .
 Of course I watched this season anxiously , but it just did n't hit the spot like it usually does . Maybe I was skeptical from the beginning since I figured you ca n't get any bigger or worse than the devil . Although entertaining , it was all over the place . fairies ? dragons ? then they had this mother of all issue last maybe 11/2 episodes then it was gone!Also the chemistry seemed a little strained between Dean and Sam which I thought was hilariously pointed out in The French Mistake episode . All in all it was like Chinese food , I was hungry again in an hour for something more fulfilling .
 My son and I were both really disappointed in the new seasons 1st episode . It lack so much including a decent plot line . We expected a more exciting story - since Sam and Grandpa are fresh from heaven and hell plus not a whole lot about the cousins . Why the gin creatures ? There could have been other creatures that would have made a better story like demons , the trickster , ghosts ... these are all creatures they have done multiple episodes on - but the gin - 1 episode and it was n't focused on the creatures . This just seemed to be the type of episode you would see mid season - not one to start to season off with . It was just flat . What happened - new writers ???? We hope the other episodes have some umpf to them ... btw , it was neat seeing Corin Nemic , glad to know he has a paying gig and isnt doing those silly internet shows with David Faustino anymore : -RRB-
 I 've loved this show for so long but they changed showrunners and it shows . Full of plot holes , inconsistencies , the heroes acting out of character so many times ... just terrible . The complete destruction of fan favorite Castiel just to keep it `` all about two brothers '' , which has gotten so redundant by this point . It makes me sad because I 've always loved this show but I guess it 's time to let go . I 'll just be over here pretending it ended in season 5 .
 After all of the great season , this is the only thing they could come up with ? I ca n't believe somebody would think this was a good ideal . A civil war in the kingdom of Heaven , the angels never seen God , and the demons never seen the devil . Whoever came up with these story lines need an good old Bible lesson . I do n't mean this new wave junk , but the old fashion way . I myself like this show but i skipped this season half way through and know trying out season 7 . I 'm hoping they just stick to ghost and demon hunting like the first 5 seasons and not try to change the Bible .
 I 'm extremely salty that I purchased the episode but could not stream it due to a poor internet connection . Instead , I downloaded Amazon Unbox Video and then downloaded my purchased item . WELL , guess what ... It took hours to download and THEN I go to play it AND IT WAS ONLY AUDIO , NO VISUAL ! Ahhhhhhhhhhhh , whyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy Amazon , whyyyyyyyyyyyyyy?I am extremely displeased .
 This was a very poor showing of a show opening . I 'm beginning yo wonder if Sam left his soul back in the mirror in Lawerence . If anything , this reminds of S6 of Buffy .
 Copycat storylinesThe Brother DivisionStorylines that were brought up and then hardly mentioned againLisa/Ben/DeanHalf the cast being killed offThe start of S6 is a complete and utter mess . It 's like , Sera or whoever just could n't figure out what to do with it and so the season felt off and was scattered . Plus I do n't even know what the main storyline for this season is supposed to be about since there 's just so many options for that , most of which , just have n't been talked about . IMO , it was better with Kripke.HOWEVER , Around the second half of the season -LCB- which the exception of ` The French Mistake ' which was awful except for the few bits that were actually funny -RCB- it does get better and starts to get a good flow and with that said , I 'm hoping that if there is an S7 , that it 's done better because S6 , at the end of the day , was a failure and not worth paying big dollars for unless you get a gift with it.I was disappointed with S6 , I thought it had a chance to be amazing and it was n't . The only thing that can save it is the last remaining episodes .
 What a tragedy . Used to be the best show on TV . Now it 's deteriorated into sappy fundamentalist Crap . Who 's taken over the writing -- Michelle Bachman & Pat Robertson -LRB- etal -RRB- ? If this were n't insulting enough , they 've turned this once wonderful two charactrer show into a three character show . Used to be about Sam & Dean and their fascinating exploits , with a different premise each week instead of a running soap opera/serial ; now it 's about Sam & Dean & the b o r i n g AngelDude -LRB- And THE BIBLE , fer cripesake ! -RRB- ! That `` actor '' ruins the show -- I do n't see how they could have found an actor with less screen presence than this Nebbish
 I was and always will be a huge fan of Supernatural seasons one through five . The deep and meaningful tone about family grouped with hilarious humor and some scary story telling made for one of the best television shows I had ever seen , and probably ever will . But when this season debuted after the entire plot was summed up in the fifth installment , it felt as though the writers were reaching . I will admit that there were some enjoyable episodes in this season , as there will always be when watching Supernatural -LRB- no matter how bad the complete season is -RRB- . To me , being the huge fan of this series that I was , it really disappointed me when Kripke left and everything went a little crazy . All in all , I would have preferred them to end the show on season five .
 I 'm a huge supernatural fan . I loved seasons 1-5 and the ending to 5 was amazing . i was n't sure how they were going to pick up season 6 but i was optimistic and while there was some potential at first the season quickly deteriorated into uninteresting schlock . the change in creative direction was obvious from the get to . a lack of the impala , less rock & roll , more touchy feely sensative crap . in a single season we had 6 or 7 `` elseworlds '' or `` what if '' episodes . i get it , once you 've done the end of the world where do you go from there ? but casting a mediocre looking actress as eve is a departure from the slew of beautiful babes that populated the series till now . killing her off so quickly really was a waste . the death of rufus was mostly useless and i was hoping for more from samuel . the original feel and humor is there it 's just much more subdued than in previous seasons . though for the last 5 or so episodes , starting right about at the pheonix one , there is an upturn in quality and we see a very interesting plot twist at the end . so i 'm actually really excited for the next season but this one i was n't really impressed with . i 'd go so far as to recomend a pass on it . do n't bother with this one .
 I like this show and think that the ideas are very original when it comes to depicting angels and other awesome things . I was in the infantry and I like cruel humor but this season crosses the line . One of the episodes shows a guy in a dentist chair not being able to lie and tells the dentist in great describtion how he was alone with his 7 year old daughter to rape her . WTF ... . little things like this go on for the whole season . It crossed the line from entertainment to terrible .
 Even though it came in plastic , when I opened it , the box had faded coloring and bubbles on it . The plastic box it came in also seems fake . It looks close to the orginals , but definately not the same material . The picture that was in the DVD casing was obviously not well handed . The small booklet that was inside that provided as the episode guide was not in good condition . The DVD 's all look real and I played the first episode . The quality seems amazing , but the menu is not the same as the other five seasons . I do n't mean to nit pick.If this is the real thing , then I just must 've gotten a very bad product -LRB- though I doubt it to be authentic , though it 's very close -RRB- . Even if it is the real thing , I apologize for thinking it 's fake , but if it 's real and looks this bad ... . Something went wrong there.I wo n't be giving it back , but I also wo n't be keeping it for myself . I 'll buy another one , one I know to be real -LRB- from a store -RRB- . I 'll give this as a gift to my neice , who just recently started to watch the show . : -RRB-
 Supernatural originally caught my attention with new spins on classic creatures , original ideas , and surprisingly artistic approaches to every aspect . As the show went on and the plots came together , intensity grew and finished in a season five finale that closed up the five-season story arc in a satisfying way.As a fan from the beginning , I was curious to see where the show could possibly go after an ending like that in season five , and was met with disappointment . I gave the show a fair shot , but I just was n't as captivated by season six.The story-lines were all over the place , the entire plot seeming to take a completely different direction by the end . Many things even seemed to contradict things we were told from the beginning . There was a lot of emphasis on the brothers ' relationship that seemed to be there more for the fans than for the show itself.My opinion will probably differ from the majority , but Supernatural is not what it used to be with this season . There are still some familiarities , what with the witty banter and the action , but it seems to be filled with little nods to the fans , which is a good thing , do n't get me wrong , however they detract from the show and make even a sci-fi/fantasy show slightly unrealistic . Unexpected twists have turned into predictable endings . To some this show is better than ever , but to me it 's fallen in quality , and ca n't really beat the original arc .
 I really hate to write a bad review of my absolute favorite show , but I do n't have a choice . Pretending things are all fine and well does n't do anyone any good , and its intellectuality dishonest.After the fans reacted to the tedium and poor casting choices of Season 3 , there was a dedicated and phenomenal course change going into Season 4 that breathed a vibrant new breath of life into the series , and it thankfully dissolved the boring stagnation of black-eyed demons and Buffy-babe clones that was Season 3 's unfortunate hallmark . This welcomed renewal lasted until the finale of Season 5 . If you have n't seen Seasons 4 and 5 , you need to watch it now!Unfortunately the brilliance was short lived , and with Season 6 came the proverbial trainwreck.I . My first gripe is the overall writing . Season 6 is filled with writers who wrote half-assed episodes using half-assed monsters that are a shameful parade of what this show used to be about . In my prior reviews of Supernatural seasons , I said : `` The beauty of Supernatural for the first two years was it generally took lesser known monsters , urban legends , and other spooky stuff , and put a unique spin on it . The show would also introduce supernatural elements that were deliberately obscure , so if we did n't know about it from our own knowledge , we 'd have to find out the details in real time with Sam and Dean . This kept things fresh by giving us a good mix of investigation and action . `` And : `` Another refreshing aspect of the show , is , it does n't insult the audience . Existing horror conventions are borrowed , but almost all of them are updated into something new , as it successfully blends the insider info found in cult shows with the broader appeal of horror and action for the more mainstream audience . What we get is a hybrid of the two . `` Unfortunately Season 6 throws all of that away by giving us some of the most boring , rehashed , and lazy episodes to date . This season was also plagued with pointless monsters . For example
 The five year plan that Kripke had is over and you can tell . This season had none of the backbone , the heart the other seasons had . It is by far a miss compared to the first four season , back when I called this my favorite series . I wanted it to be great , but each episode threw stuff at a wall hoping something would stick . The heart which is the relationship of the brothers had failed . They threw out the characters of Sam and Dean for unrecognizable doubles who forgot what made them different . What happened to Sam 's powers . I loved the Luke Skywalker / Han Solo likeness of the first few seasons . I loved when the boys where part of the mythos rather then powerless spectators . Characters grow true , Sam was soulless but still this season just missed the target . I hope the next season brings back the geeky Sam , the womanizing Dean and the heart of the series which is the brother wisecracking relationship.Ben Edlund one of the best writers on television could not even put in a good episode . So I hope they read the reviews and take some notes for S7 . They can still make a comeback and I am hoping they do .
 Yeah , yeah , it 's such a `` deep '' experience to watch our homeless Prophet of the Apocalypse , Johnny , shamble thru cliched London slums while instigating one-way conversations w / a whimsical gallery of urban Characters . This is the stuff that wows American arthouse crowds
 Sorry , I do n't get it . If you like depressing movies about pathetic , self-centered , losers who go through life inflicting pain on others and are unable to generate even a modicum of empathy for their fellow human beings then you 'll love this flick ... otherwise you 'll do better just sitting in the closet for an hour and a half . WARNING
 This is an unfortunate film , actually . Although , mostly interesting it begins to grate upon one midway through . Mike Leigh 's strengths are his ability to demonstrate the ` lives ' of working class britons with heaps of wit , charm , cleverness and bits of rather heavy-handed -LRB- tho not quite sappy -RRB- emotionalism . He 's best when he keeps it light overall whilst making one or two quite heavy points . The problem with Naked is that it is all about heavy with very little light . In addition , Mr. Leigh tries but fails to lade his tale with deep metaphorical meaning in the way that the rather hideously bad film The Thief , Cook , Wife and Lover did although without the fantasmagorical posturing , pretension , piffle and puck . In a nutshell this is the tale of a working class Mancunian who is either insane or being driven insane by the workings of his mind . His problem is that he is too smart for his class -LRB- that 's breeding , mind -RRB- , which shows in his glib verbosity and abstruse philosophical riffs which he bundles up in clever entendre and verbal puns . The problem is that he is speaking university to working class yobs and yobettes which causes him to be alienating and alienated to those he interacts with , rather assaults . His failure , or inability to connect on a purely personal , human level further damaging his diseased mind which causes him to act out more and so on . Mr. Leigh attempted to stir in a few different ingredients into his metaphorical stew but he fails to , for instance , demonstrate that the working class protagonist 's angry , abusive manner is equivalent to the posh anti-heroe 's equally angry abusive behaviour with the difference being only that one can afford to ` pay ' for his rapine behaviour while the other must merely take his rapes for free . I 'm uncertain why Mr. Leigh brought that psycho-social angle into the story because he had enough semi-meaningless flux to deal with in the story as it is . There are other random bits of disconnectedness that I sha n't bother to comment upon . To sum up , this is an interesting but unentertaining , non-thought-provoking movie that is worth watching if you are a big fan of Leigh 's movies .
 British cinema likes to deal with hard topics and this has led to some remarkable films in the past . A crucial part of those successes is always the portrayal of even the most unsympathetic characters as real people with plausible flaws and redeeming characteristics.Naked fails simply because it forgets to do this.The film 's central character , Johnny -LRB- David Thewlis -RRB- is an emotional predator . He preys on those weaker than himself for his own amusement . Intelligent , persuasive and articulate , he has little trouble doing so as long as he is with the right people.Fearing a much deserved beating , he steals a car and flees his native Manchester and arrives at the house that his ex-girlfriend Louise -LRB- Lesley Sharp -RRB- shares with two friends . There , he has a series of misadventures in which he crosses paths with an assortment of unlikely characters.First , there is Sophie -LRB- Katrin Cartlidge -RRB- a young woman who is attractive enough that Johnny wants to bed her and stupid enough that she thinks that it means something . Later , he encounters a security guard who invites him in to the building that he is guarding , a lonely woman seen undressing at a window who invites him in to her room , a man putting up posters in the night who invites him in to his van and a waitress in a cafe who invites him in to her house.Not one of these characters or encounters is at all plausible . They are moving in a world where fear and suspicion are key survival traits and yet everyone the Johnny meets invites him in to their safe zone.Thewlis does a great job with the material that he is given and almost manages to make you believe in Johnny but the task is too hard.Watching this film is a little like watching one weeks episodes of a typical British soap opera . People move around and events take place but nothing actually happens .
 This movie ties with ` Breaking the Waves ' as the worst movie I 've ever seen . It is vile , vulgar and totally repulsive and boring .
 By the third violent rape sequence in this film , you kind of get the idea that the protagonist is a misogynist and psychopath and ththat the women in the movie are just waiting for him to walk all over them . It really is just disgusting ! Now Mike Leigh has made some decent movies , a couple are quite enjoyable to watch . But NAKED is just TRASH , with no redeeming artistic merits . Naked , in fact , surpasses LOST IN SPACE for the worst movie I 've ever seen .
 The fact that this movie snatched worthwhile film festival awards from any other movies is shocking and ridiculous . ANY other film is better than this ! It has all of the worst traits of other movies that I used to think were bad , but now , in comparison to `` Naked , '' I am realizing were actually good . These sour traits are
 I 'm on the second disk now , and the third episode does not play on my xbox 360 , on my TV 's DVD player it skips constantly , however , it does play on my PS3 . Not really sure why , it is not the blue ray version so there is really no excuse for the dvd to only play on certain devices .
 As a long-time Smallville fan , the last season wrap-up of this decade long series is somewhat disappointing . A few stand-out episodes pepper the season early on and Erica Durance 's Lois Lane charms us through and through . However , fans who loyally waited for Clark to get the suit and finally fly under the colors of his heroic destiny will be sorely disappointed . The obvious `` blue-screen '' effects and the fact that Clark was in costume for what was probably less than 8 minutes at the end of the final episode suggest that the creators of the series begrudgingly gave fans what they were clamoring for -- and only at the last moment . Other plot and character inconsistencies abound . The last season has a few golden moments , but they 're planted like Easter egg gifts among an otherwise limited vision of one of our most enduring American heroes .
 I 'm really getting sick of this ... ok , BACK to the alternate dimension again ... now BACK to the Phantom Zone - what 's next ? Back to high school ? WHEN IS HE GOING TO FLY ????? I 'm sick and tired of a `` conflicted '' and self-doubting Superman . This is getting really old .
 I watched Smallville off and on and here of the 10th season being there last.I bought seasons 1-9 and watched them until season 10 started , so I could catch up.Most of the early season so the same way every episode , so you probaly will get tired of watching them , like I did.Someone always gets knocked out and does n't remember what happened the week before or the book The Art of War gets quoted alot by Lex or Lex 's father and the constintly repeating scenes of conflict or make up to break up in one whole episode kinds of things get old.But season 1-9 were very fun and exciting to watched and season 9 was truly amazing with the JSA and all the other specail appearrances throughout.But on to season 10 . A very hard season to follow or want to follow.They clearly made this season for everyone from the original cast to come back to say there final goodbyes.Which was nice , even though most of it just seemed like a flip of a switch and there they are , so if you missed even the smallest parts of the episodes.You would be completely lost and with all the people comming back made alot of the episodes for this season seemed half assed or as if they just stopped caring about the show anymore , for example , an entire episode about a very rare bow that they spend an entire episode on , ends up getting destroyed the last 5 minutes of the show or the hangover episode.Where everyone has to find out what happened the night before , which that episode was very lame.I also hate that that there was no main villian that has anything to do with the story at all.Just shadows of the actual person or clones or body switches instead of the clear cut villain like Lex or Zod were in the past.Darksied would just send his lackies to do most if not all his dirty work , which made him look like a giant pussy.It was like he had something better to do because it did n't seem like he got very involved in what was going on.It all comes down to two things.After 10 season of constint focus was on the Clark Kent 's character and not Superman , but in later seasons , Clark gets called the blur , which finally starts separating the Clark/Superman `` the blur '' dynamic alittle.But in season 10 they just seem to cram the full change of Clark being a nerd , who ca n't do anything and Superman `` the blur '' doing all the things he can do overnight and no one noticed the huge changed and thought it would n't be odd , but all of the other characters must have gotten knocked out and forgotten the past 9 years of there lives.But the last , but most important , the whole flying thing.I honestly thought season 10 was finally the season where he would fly.Not on the very last episode and for a very short time on the last episode.To me it just seemed like they were giving the middle finger to all the superman fans , I always pictured superman being the strongest and most powerful hero out there , but in recent years in animation as well as live action , he would rather root for the Batmans or Green Arrow characters because for the least powerful characters they seem to fair alot better than Superman , who get controlled by the villian or knocked out or kidnapped or something stupid like that and in live action does extremely well only not do extremely badly later on .
 First let me start by saying I loved Smallville . I watched my first episode in 2007 and quickly caught up with the previous episodes and currently own seasons 1-9 . I loved that the writers tried to be as balanced and fair as possible . I also loved the energy of the show!I missed the first two episodes , but made sure to catch Homecoming . I could n't believe the direction the show was talking with its not-so subtle jabs at `` embracing illegal immigrants '' I was surprised , because the same sort of comment had been made in the previous episode too . Was n't it Lois who said in season six , `` does breaking and entering not mean anything to rich people ? '' But the message seemed to be that it 's okay to enter another country as long as it 's done by a someone living in poverty - then you do n't need to follow the rules . I did n't like the overall disrespect that the military was given in this season . They were portrayed as villains ' and I expected more balance.I also expected a stronger story . I think the thing writers and producers of comics need to remember is that in fantasy/sci-fi a hero is only as credible as the villain . Replacing strong villains ' like Doomsday , Zod , and Lex with a boorish , contrived and ghost-like character that preys on people like some evil little devil sitting on their shoulder is childish and insulting to the viewer . There were also a few sloppy episodes that made me cringe . A bachelor party themed episode where they wake up and do n't know what happened ? It was so hard to watch them act drunk , and what was worse was the lines seemed like they were being made up as the actors went along.Again , I would just urge people to think twice before purchasing this season . I 'm glad I saw the epiodes I did , because I will not be buying this propaganda soap box season and the political bru ha ha that took away from the really genuine and beautiful relationship that Lois and Clark were finally able to have.I would also love to see how that relationship ended , but the constant insinuation that only a corrupt individual would ask people to enter a country legally was just too much . My Grandmother came to this country legally at time when her country was at war and everyone was starving , yet she still managed to enter the US by abiding all laws . To suggest that its ' okay to just enter a country , because `` they only want the opportunities that you and your family have '' -LRB- As Oliver 's lines stated -RRB- is a slap in the face to all those who respected the laws of their future country .
 I used to like watching this series early on , when it had stories in it , before the endless sad futility of the Lana Lang romance wore me out ... Thought I 'd give this last season a try , see if it all came to anything . And what I found was a travesty . Whole episodes seem to consist of characters pretentiously declaiming abstract profundities like , `` In order to live in the present , I need to let go of the past , dad . That means I have to say goodbye to you . '' It seems as if the whole story is taking place on some level of vapid commentary . They forgot to invent action - actual plotlines - that would convey these trite messages and make them fresh . It 's like a clinic in what Henry James said not to do when he advised authors to show , not tell . The finale goes even farther , with Clark realizing that he should n't have let go of the past after all , because although his strength comes from Krypton , his heroic traits come from the Kent family farm . Only this message is n't dramatized -- nothing happens that would make the viewer realize it as lived truth -- instead it is rammed down our throats in the form of ... words . We do n't need characters saying things like , `` A hero can only be as strong as his enemies , so that 's why I , Lex Luthor , am here . '' That is supposed to be the job of commentators and critics , who unearth such insights from a good story . But these modern protagonists insist on bloviating about their own significance . The rest of the story is either really bad science fiction or really generic soap opera , and the performances are the same . Some talented actors are dragged down by the lines they must speak . The splendid Erica Durance is turned into a sappy one-dimensional poster girl for faithfulness and fairy tale marriage ; the mischievous Alison Mack barely rises above her Spielberg-like bedtime story scene ; and it 's hard to tell if Tom Welling can act , but he comes off as irretrievably stiff and not too bright , and does n't look facially anything like any Superman we 've ever seen in comics . If you like watching people make speeches about the deep meaning of life instead of embodying it , you 'll love Smallville Season 10 . All moral , no story .
 It 's official , Smallville butchered Superman.The series stuck to its original goal of preventing Clark from becoming the Man of Steel for as long as possible . And when he finally does change , the scene are the worst Superman scenes to be filmed . There 's only two maybe three shots of Tom Welling in the suit and the rest of the time Superman is shown in a far away shot done with incredibly poor computer animation.The series decided to do its own version of Superman saving an airplane and its absolutely pathetic . The film Superman Returns has a far superior scene and it even won several awards for it . But that 's because that film was actually done by Superman fans and by people who had actually read the comics . Smallville clearly is n't done by Superman fans and they maybe have read about ten issues , and obviously hated them . Hence the reason why Smallville stays away from Superman for so long and does n't even give the characters their original names.The Blur ? Velocity ? What stupid names to give Superman and The Flash.Now what really is awful about the finale is how it ends . Lex is barely in it , and maybe the actor had two , three days of filming . -LRB- but more than likely just one . -RRB- And Clark does n't even fight Lex or Darkside . I was at least expecting a fight scene between the those two once Clark became Superman , but no he just moves the fire ball away in the last ten minutes of an hour and half show . The whole episode is horrible and boring because most of it is Clark and Lois complaining about getting married and complaining about their futures . Boring!Now if people really want to see a good version of Superman , check out the animated films from DC Animated Warner Studios . Those films are marvelous , stay true to the comics , get PG-13 ratings because of all the action , and they show why cartoons are the best way to deliver comic books as movies . Live action films are just horrid , cartoons , that 's where it 's at .
 After not watching smallville for a while I decided it was time to start up again . Needless to say I was disappointed . Lois is some undercover superhero that goes from a chauffer to a stripper and amazingly -LRB- not ! -RRB- she knew her way around a club she had NEVER been to , stole a costume , managed to find a wig and ta da she was seducing the bad guy . They made the Lois character with too big of a head , Clark is too much a wimp to amount to much . Smallville has gone way down with the addition of Lois and her character.I am curious if this will survive after season 10 ...
 This episode sure seemed pretty hacked to me . Clark saves Tess from battling Granny Goodness 's soldiers , and suddenly he 's back at the farm looking for Lois . What happened with the Orphanage ? Did they just leave all the kids there ? What about the little girl he left in the electrical room ? If we 're to assume they did call authorities and shut it down , how did Granny escape ? Tess is trying to dial for help on an old rotary phone in the Orphanage . They have all this cutting-edge technology in the Watch Tower , but she does n't have a cell phone ? Why would granny leave the ballerina music box in Tess 's room when she could have , oh , I do n't know , grabbed Tess instead ? Huge holes abound.I 'm a fan of the series , but man , this episode was a mess .
 As in seasons eight and nine of `` Smallville '' , this tenth season will appeal to fans of the `` comic action-adventure '' variety . Those looking for solid writing , richly developed characters , and legitimate , non-predictable `` wow '' moments have likely trickled off after seasons 5-6 . I have been with the series for the long haul and , while thoroughly enjoying the first 5 seasons , liking 6-7 , and despising 8-9 , I can not give the final season good reviews based on nostalgia perpetuated by the show 's ending.There are a few basic plotlines that run throughout this final season , all of which fall flat in one way or another : - The U.S. government 's reaction to superheroes
 If you are looking for the well written , well produced , and well directed episodes from the early years of this acclaimed series you probably wo n't find it in this loose collection of bizarre nursery rhymes.This great series , which I anticipated with each new week , has taken a serious tumble in this jumble of nonsensical short stories . Many are rehashes of stories already told -LRB- must have run out of new ideas -RRB- and very few afford us more than a brief 45 minute glimpse , which ultimately provides the viewer with a shallow , under-developed story that is way too short to provide any depth to the characters or meaning to the story . Previous years saw running story lines from one episode to the next that provided us with all the information we needed to become immersed in the story line and the characters , but this season seemed to be produced more for quantity and less for quality -LRB- courtesy of Mr. Welling who was the executive producer for the entire season -RRB- . Some of the ideas were just plain dumb , like the episode etitled `` Granny Goodness '' , who appears as an evil and sinister old lady who is into S&M ; and keeps a bevy of scantilly clad `` torture girls who are into martial arts '' . I know this series is based on a comic book but this is lowering the bar too far.Now for the biggest disappointment ! If you , like I , have been watching this series faithfully and anticipating the moment when Clark actully learns to fly , then brace yourself for a quick few seconds of an `` animated '' sequence of a small indistinguishable figure zipping through the far horizon.If you are a completist you definitely should purchase the collection , but do so knowing that if you enjoyed the series as much as I did , this season may not meet the high expectations it used to deserve.On a positive note I enjoyed seeing Lex again -LRB- the show was never the same after he departed -RRB- but even he could n't measure up to his old evil ways in the few minutes afforded him in the final episode.Great series , very weak final season !
 Today I watched the Episode `` Kent '' . I have never said anything bad about a single smallville episode , but this episode was just incredibly stupid . I do n't understand why they needed to do another alternate universe episode . they did one and that was fine . All I got from this , was that Clark decides to sell the farm .
 You would think that after almost 10 full seasons -LRB- 180 + episodes -RRB- that Clark Kent would atleast learned how to fly . Well , ladies and gentlemen he still has n't learned how to fly . It also seems that Smallville will never come full circle on anything because they keep having episodes about Zod , Lex , Lionel , etc. . Plus some of these episodes do n't make any sense and would make a person lose brain cells by watching them . This used to be one of my favorite shows , but now everytime I see the name ` Smallville ' I cringe .
 What a disappointment ! Writers block supreme ! they resurrected every villain , acquaintance , and relative of Clarks . They made him face and defeat every one he ever fought and then killed them off again . So many flashbacks the viewer often lost sight of what was actually going on . More alternate dimensions , got sent back to the phantom zone , the Luthers , on again off again weddings , and any other trite cliche you can think of . Barely watchable and certainly not worth the price .
 The show worked at its core when Jonathan Kent was still on and you had father and son moments . The dynamic of him with his parents made the show like you 'd expect an early start of Clark 's life to be . Somehow by season 10 , they got wayyyyyy off track ! The whole blue blur crap , and Clark looking like the only idiot alien who is afraid to fly ... It just got bad.The finale was pretty pathetic in that you do n't see him in the full suit . They just cgi -LRB- and bad cgi -RRB- him into a crappy costume that you get a glimpse as he helps a plane ala Reeve/Routh from the movies.EWWW stay away from this one folks and wait for the `` Man of Steel '' movie starring Henry Cavill .
 So for the last 10 seasons Clark Kent was a self-doubting and scared individual when it came to what role he was supposed to be and about his powers . Now all of a sudden Clark Kent does a 180 and is the superman . Even the last episode before the finale confirms this.The producers left too many questions unanswered . I really hate it when TV shows follow this path ; 10 Years of slow character progress then they hurry up and rush the ending . If I was able to rate this with zero stars I would .
 I do n't know how other movies play on this player , but this tv show 's aspect ratio SUCKED -LRB- heads on actors were distorted looking ... unexceptable ... -RRB- , and the picture clarity was terrible . Go to Itunes and you will get HD for the same price . ohh and BTW the episode was dismal , thank GOD that crapy show is CANCELED ... : - -RRB-
 This final season I place in the worst season in the ten year history of the series . If I had seen this series on television I would not have purchased the box set .
 I loved seasons 1-5 , from there the series takes a major nose dive . This season is n't the worst , that honor goes to the shortened -LRB- and woefully written -RRB- season 7 , plagued by the writers strike . What really gets me going about this season is the obvious desire the producers had in cutting costs . For a series that became popular for its action , the tenth season is all talk . In season 1 & 2 you could n't go two episodes without a car explosion.The ultimate betrayal for this -10 DVD season owning - fan was the finale . As like the rest of the season , this last episode was basically Clark and Louis chatting for 42 minutes . No huge show down , no huge anything . This is what I get for ten years of loyal viewing ?
 I love this movie . The dialogue is poetry -- it contains some of the best lines I 've ever heard in a movie . -LRB- And yes , I am talking about a Charles Bronson movie ! -RRB- However , I urge you to avoid the video and wait to catch it on commercial TV . Ordinarily , I 'd never ever say that , but this video is unique . It is n't letterboxed , but it is n't pan-and-scan , either . It 's as if the camera just sits in the center of a wide scene and the actors come and go in and out of sight . Terribly frustrating . I even ended up giving my copy away . I 'd go so far as to call this a truly great movie , but you 're missing out if you let the video be your first exposure to it .
 Wish a reivew had alerted me , but I should have checked the aspect ratio before purchase anyway . The movie is pan and scan other than the credits . A real rip-off . I 'm not waiting to rate the movie , guess I 'll do that whenever I get to SEE the whole thing . Whatever the strengths of the movie , DO NOT BUY THIS DVD PRODUCT .
 the dvd stopped every 10 minutes . I finally gave up . I should have returned it . too bad because it is a favorite movie of mine .
 I love this movie , but this transfer is horrible . The brutally abrupt pan and scan cuts literally made my head spin at points . The film is great , and worth watching , but I hope they put out a widescreen version one day . Maybe they 'll do a Walter Hill boxed set with deluxe versions of all his classics . Rent this one until they do , but do n't spend money on it .
 The film shows the melancholy of that period . Charles Bronson 's character is good with wrists , and thanks them he earn some dollars . He is honest , and considerate with his friends , especially a woman and a cat . Optimal performances are James Coburn 's and Strother Martin 's , too.I like the open credit scenes , while the fine and suitable score . I point out also the rejoicing chorus , similar to Burt Lancaster in `` Elmer Gantri . `` I forgot to pay attention to the format , and I was disappointed when I realized the widescreen images vanished after the open credits . An edition like this should not be done ever . I threw away my copy . Buy the widescreen edition when be available , not this . I rate only one star because of the full screen .
 How can I characterize what went on before me for about 2 hours . I ca n't
 DO NOT BUY THIS DVD ! Although I throughly enjoy this movie and the characters are as good as they get in movies ... Hard Times in the `` full screen '' format does not do this movie the justice and appreciation it deserves .
 HARD TIMES -LRB- 1975 -RRB- - -LRB- Walter Hill , dir . -RRB- With Charles Bronson , James Coburn , Jill Ireland and Strother Martin.Set in New Orleans in the early '30s , this streetboxer story is considered by many to be Bronson 's best movie . `` Hard Times '' is quite enjoyable but this particular edition from GOODTIMES only rates two stars because of manufacturing limitations . The brand dubbed tapes in LP mode , thus they have a degraded picture quality compared to SP transfers . Audio is linear mono instead of the far superior HiFi stereo.For anyone who seeks a quality VHS of this work , you 'll be pleased with the1996 SONY/COLUMBIAversion .
 The title of this review pretty much says it all.The print Critic 's Choice uses for Way Down South , a remarkable film by the way , is passable - barely . The print for Fisherman 's Warf , a really nice movie , is an embarrassment . It 's nothing but splice cut . `` Digitally Remastered '' my eye!My advice is to seek out other DVD copies of these great movies . In the long run the few dollars more you 'd spend would be worth it . They are worth having , just not from Critic 's Choice . I 'll never buy another Critic 's Choice DVD again .
 This video did not live up to my expectations . I have a five-year-old Chihuahua who is somewhat afraid of people and lunges and bites when strangers get too close.The description of the video promised a simple behavior modification program to help deal with his aggression . Instead , Ian Dunbar simply says that behavior like this in old dogs is very difficult deal with , and focuses on puppy socialization in the video.Well , that 's great if I had a puppy , but I adopted an older dog , and I need help now.I do n't recommend this video for owners of older dogs with biting problems . If you have a puppy , it might be somewhat helpful , but there are better books .
 First of all , if you really want to waste 90 minutes on this movie , I highly suggest that you rent this piss poor excuse for a movie . This is the inbred film of The Tournament and Saw . I saw this in the store but never before then . I picked it up to read the movie bio and it seemed like something I would watch.This movie had potential all of the first 5 minutes . After that , you really have to force yourself to finish . The only reason I wanted to finish was to figure out what the hell was going on -LRB- still a bit lost -RRB- . The acting is absolutely disgusting . The characters are constantly yelling and screaming at each other over top of one another . You can barely understand what they are saying . The sound is atrocious . One minute I have to turn the tv up to hear what is being said , then the next , my eardrums are begging for mercy . There is little to no background music . All you hear are the sounds of the environment ; the whole movie pretty much.This crap was so unrealistic , I constantly felt as if my intelligence was being insulted . I mean , the `` Hunter '' walks around with thermal vision goggles and things are appearing hot that should n't be . How can a paintball gun , the whole gun , muzzle to stock be lit on thermal ? Paintball guns do not give off heat when fired , let alone heat the entire gun . That was just an example . The characters from the thermal perspective looked like computer graphics more than humans . Do n't even get me started on the blood and gore . All in all , pass this doody up . If you must watch , RENT ! Do yourself at least that favor since you will be kicking yourself for wasting 90 minutes of your life you will never get back .
 I usually give the movie the benefit of the doubt but this movie was BAD ! The acting was terrible . You do n't like any of the characters . Most of the plot does n't make sense and is hard to follow . This is n't a `` haha '' that was a really funny bad movie , it 's just straight bad.Basic plot , a bunch of paint ballers from all over the world go on this adventure and immediately get attacked by someone using real ammo , and then all the characters start crying whining to each other the whole time . There 's no lead up to the action , or anything that explains each character . That 's pretty much it . And one guy keeps walking around pointing his stupid pistols with paint balls in them for protection . By the middle of the movie , you really want all of these people to be shot . As the other guy who actually watched this movie said , if you want to waste 90 minutes of your life you wish you had back , go for it .
 Unless you grew up watching Boston 's Bozo show in the '60s or you 'd like to see why this did n't even come close to Chicago 's 40-plus-year-old institution and the late , great Bob Bell -LRB- Chicago 's original Bozo -RRB- , I ca n't think of a reason for purchasing this DVD . I , and I doubt I was the only one , was misled by the DVD 's packaging as it failed to specify that it was Boston 's version . Apparently , unlike Chicago 's version , the Boston shows on the DVD were produced by Larry Harmon , who bought the licensing rights from Bozo creator Alan W. Livingston and owner Capitol Records in the late '50s . This is just another kiddie show .
 There is not a one minute span of video where David does not crawl , slither , scamper , or sneak his way into the shot amongst nature 's exotic cold-blooded creatures . Who really wants to see an 80 year old man sun bathing on the rocks with iguanas ? Such a disappointment .
 ad says its coded for the u.s. it will not play on u.s. players . faults advertising . what a shame .
 Plain and simple , this music sucks . If you want music like this , save your money and wait until you go to trim that big hair at SUPERCUTS . You 'll hear it there . I do n't anticipate them playing Coltrane any time soon.I do get a good haircut there , though . I just bring an Ipod .
 This DVD would not play on my DVD player , Caused the whole system to lock up . Costs more to ship it back than the DVD is worth .
 this is easily one of the worst movies i have ever seen - about a tough guy who is about 5 foot 4 - no plot ; no drama - yuchhh - stay away ; far far away from this turkey
 Saw this on demand - read a couple of favorable reviews on imdb but I thought this was a terrible movie - cliched characters , dialogue and plot . Just my two cents .
 I bought this because i thought it was going to be good like texas chainsaw massacre due to the misleading reviews on here . It wasnt . It was nowhere near as good as tcm . The acting SUCKED , the plot predictable and the story has been done before . The only 2 decent actors were Jeremy sisto and the other guy who was going to the interview in the begining . I do not recomend this . I would rent this if you want to see it but definetly do not buy , especially for 25 bucks ! Its not even worth the 7 bucks i paid used for it . I shoulda just stuck with the horror classics . I recomend you do the same .
 You know , it would n't have taken much for Wrong Turn to be a halfway decent horror film , especially to someone like me who is naturally terrified by inbred , mutant , cannibal rednecks . Even as a gore-splattered kill-a-thon it could have been worth seeing . Sadly , it is neither.Wrong Turn is simply one of the worst , most cliche and generic movies I have seen in many years.Don ' t worry about me giving anything away here , because every single second of this film has been in some other film . Whether ripping off Jason movies or , as expected , stealing from Leatherface flicks , Wrong Turn has no surprises and absolutely no scares . Nobody in the fairly sized audience of the theater so much as jumped during this wad of braindead nonsense.From the moment you meet the young travelers you know exactly who will die and exactly what order they 'll die in . But that does n't matter , because these corny , cookie-cutter characters make every dumb move possible so that you actually want them to die because they 'll deserve it for being so stupid . -LRB- In one scene , a baseball bat is right behind the unarmed heroes and not one of them thinks to grab it ! -RRB- While chased by the maniacs , these morons make noise , light up every light and draw attention to themselves , stand by every window , run for it in broad daylight while the enemy is a few feet away and armed with guns and arrows , and do every other idiotic thing they could possibly do . They also pass up every chance to use or grab a weapon.The only good thing about this piece of bile is Stan Winston 's special effects which are always excellent and far more entertaining than any of that nintendo-esque CGI junk . The `` mountain men '' look pretty good even if they 're not as elaborately interesting as I 'd hoped . The film also has a few scenes -LRB- too few considering the content -RRB- of fairly explicit gore -LRB- at least more explict than usual by today 's standards . -RRB- But the manaics are bothersome too . They can operate all sorts of cars , tows , firearms and machines but they are n't even smart enough to speak . Note to hacks
 The movie `` Wrong Turn '' had potential as the plot is pretty good . A group of 20 something young people have a car accident and are forced to walk through a backwoods area in rural West Virginia . There is a clan of inbred cannibal like barbarians that inhabit the area and of course , they would love to have these youngsters for dinner.Well , the acting in this movie leaves a lot to be desired , but so does the directing . The characters are stupid and a large portion of the movie deals with these youngsters swinging in the trees like Tarzan . Basically , what we have here is a decent plot and a decent beginning but a failure by the director/screenplay writer to develop the movie into an effective horror film.As I said , the acting is subpar and the more you see these inbred barbarians , the more they become laughable and ridiculous rather than scary . In fact , they really look absolutely ridiculous , especially that stupid one running around shooting his bow and arrow all over the place.Overall , this is not a very good horror movie and I would not recommend it to anyone really . If you want to see a good horror movie about murderous barbarians with a taste for human flesh then watch the original Texas Chainsaw Massacre , one of the greatest horror movies of all-time . The movie `` Wrong Turn '' is named correctly because basically the movie takes a wrong turn from what could have been a decent horror flick down a road leading it into the realm of poor horror films with lame scenes and stupid characters . I give `` Wrong Turn '' 2 STARS for the idea , plot , and setting , but the execution was darn near disastrous .
 In the * cough * grand old tradition of The Texas Chainsaw Massacre , along comes Wrong Turn , and while minor character points are different -LRB- how they all come together -RRB- the backwoods inbreeding is in full display.There were a few points in the film that caused one to grimace . It 's not every day that you see someone use barbed wire as a form of temporary dental braces , and lifting that person off the ground while grasping it tightly . Yeah , that 's a bit gruesome.But most of the film does n't make a lot of sense , and I refuse to accept the easy escape of those involved in making horror films whereby the claim seems to be made that since it is horror , and a slasher at that , we do n't need to put much effort into any originality.Kevin Zegers makes an odd appearance in this film . Odd because he 's smoking again -LRB- as he did in Fear of the Dark -RRB- , and once again , he 's not inhaling . Like I said for Fear of the Dark , I applaud him for not inhaling . But his part is so small - one wonders why he chose it . The only thing that comes to mind is that he wanted something quick and easy to help him break away from his squeaky clean Air Bud image . In this movie , he was on the receiving end of oral sex -LRB- although it was tastefully not shown -RRB- , he wore some cool `` sunglasses '' , and smoked pot . I guess it 's a beginning , to add `` edge '' to one 's persona.The typical problems abound . When they come upon the inbred 's cabin , which really is n't all that big , they spend quite a bit of time investigating , even though it becomes quickly clear that this is NOT a place they want to be . Of course , they wait too long and before they decide to leave , the Hatfield 's and the McCoy 's predecessors are on their way up the road . -LRB- You know they did n't just die off . This is what happened to them . -RRB- Nothing original follows . The protagonists trap themselves in a fire tower , and instead of defending the only real entrance - a trap door , which is militarily perfect for defending against attack , as you just knock them off as they come , as they can only come one by one , and in single file , so that knocking one down virtually guarantees knocking the rest down too - they allow themselves to be smoked out of the tower , and leap blindly two feet DOWN into a dense grouping of trees . Ribs , collarbones , forearms , and perhaps skulls should have been broken upon such an insane jump , but surprisingly , none were.Then , then , then , blah , blah , blah , the movie ends , and the people we would have laid bets on surviving from the first five minutes , are exactly those who do .
 After reading the reviews here on Amazon , I 'm wondering if we all saw the same movie . But there is only one WRONG TURN and , man , did I take it.Eliza Dushku is a knock-out but , if you stare at the photo of her on the DVD box , you 've pretty much seen everything she 's going to do in this movie . That beautiful face looking scared and lots of running.The grotesque hillbilly cannibals are undeveloped monsters who menace the 90210-looking cast.Strictly by-the-numbers drive-in monster movie , minus the humor and titillation of the B-movies from the 70 's . Every scene will look and feel familiar . -LRB- By the way , if the West Virginia in this movie looks a little flat , that 's because it was filmed in Canada -RRB- .
 The idea that mutant cannibals wait around in the woods waiting for helpless teenagers to come around so the mutants can eat them would maybe make sense , if only these woods were n't so desolated . The kids cross vast miles of territory in the course of the film , yet they never spot a single other person , or a hiking trail , for that matter . Are we to assume these cannibals wait around for human prey in a forest that has hardly any humans to start with?Even when three of the teens go up in a military post to call a distress signal on a radio , it takes them a very long time to get human contact . But when they do get the army on the line , it blasts the sound out so that the cannibals chasing them hear their hiding spot and immediately set on getting them down for food . I could call this the most surprising thing in the film-but it really did n't surprise me enough to deserve such a title . However , it was the only surprise in the film . The teenagers have sex , they get chased , shot , mutilated , and they die . But the movie never does anything interesting enough to separate itself from the myriad dead teenager movies of late.Also , in no way shape or form does Wrong Turn rise above the ones that it imitates -LRB- The Texas Chainsaw Massacre , Deliverance , The Hills Have Eyes -RRB- . It is exactly what it promises to be-you have to hand it that-but it never promised to be more than a grisly teenage slasher movie.The plot
 The gore is the best part . This movie is one cliche afetr the other , but that 's what the director wanted . There are some inovated kills in this , that will keep gore fans entertained . Plot ? You already know it . Teens go into woods , smoke have sex , get slaughtered by a family of imbreed cannabals . Believe me that IS the plot . No character development , no suspense , no scares , but the gore is great . My personal favorites are the arrow in the eye and decaptitation of the girl in the tree . Other than that , this is going to put you sleep .
 I was hyped for this flick because I like Deliverance.After I seen this movie I realized Wrong Turn was n'tmuch like it at all . Deliverance was about 4 city boysgoing to the woods and two of them getting mentallytortured and having to coverup the murders of the twohicks they killed . This movie is a Texas Chainsaw Mass-acre rip-off . It 's just a stop and go gore fest withlame looking hick folk . Come on ! These guys do n't evenlook human ! They look like some monster trolls or something like that.It 's just boring and uninteresting . There was one scenethat I really liked with an axe and a tree . Do n't wantto give it all away . Other than that , the movie was justa bore . I expected more from a movie that was supposedto be out of the Deliverance mold .
 Antoher movie about canibles what a waste of time , well look Im gon na make it plain and simple , Im gon na make a list of things that sucked about the movie and things that really sucked about this movie.list of things that sucked ; 1 ; The cannibles are so ugly and its like they 're envinceble .2 ; The cheesy effects for the movie were horrific .3 ; The acting was really bad.list of things that really sucked ; 1 ; The predictible ending 2 ; The fact I didnt get scared nor jump during the entire movie and 3 ; The fact that ive seen the same type of movie a million times before.Note ; the only reason I didnt give it a 1 star rating is because I dont want to be to hard on the barely suspenseful plot.Sorry the producers made a wrong turn by making this movie.By the way if your half way interestd in this movie i 'll at least suggest you renting it first .
 This one is a disappointment . I was looking forward to a modern variation on the atypical `` teens lost in the woods '' film popularized in the 1970s . Instead , the film turned out to be another `` assembly line '' horror film consistant with much of what Hollywood is turning out these days with regard to horror films . The acting is competent , the story is a standard cookie-cutter trek through the woods with a bunch of terrorized kids . Nothing original here -- and no surprises , although the make-up by Stan Winston is noteworthy . I would n't recommend this as anything more , than probably a rental on a night when there is n't anything better on the tube .
 Dvd was sent without the cover . in blank a cover , this item description was not like that . very unhappy and dissapointed .
 Leave it to the people in Hollywood who have never so much as set foot in West Virginia to make a movie set in the state . I thought stereotypes were a BAD thing in the politically correct times of 2004 , this film came and went with no problem ... and no fanfare . It was a complete bomb at the box office!Supposedly set in the `` backwoods of West Virginia '' , the film was made in CANADA ! The plot is far from plausible , the writing is terrible , and it 's overall a blatent waste of time . The only redeeming value is Eliza Dushku . Other than that , this DVD has one use
 This one sucked . Apart from a couple of cool deaths it was just stupid . I prefer HILLS HAVE EYES to this for in-bred freaky terror . Jeremy Sisto is good in this but you should watch MAY for his best horror film.It was competently made but left me feeling unsatisfied.Strictly a rental
 Wrong Turn starts off rather promising . The characters get introduced ; there is dialogue that sounds natural and some quite funny jokes . Of course , one should n't expect too much from a horror movie ... Anyway , after about half an hour the film makes a wrong turn and never seems to get back on track . The film makers obviously confuse gory and disgusting with scary , and that turns every climax into an anti-climax . Instead of going `` uh , this is scary '' , you go `` yikes ! '' and that 's quite a different thing . All the suspense that is built up goes wasted , and that 's too bad.Still , some things are quite ok in this film -LRB- at least by horror standards -RRB- such as ... well some of the dialogue . I guess it might as well have gotten one star.From the beginning the viewer gets some clues about mutants and inbred people in the woods . But we do n't get to know what they do to people . Do you want to know ?
 Eliza Dushku is gorgeous , let 's just get that out of the way because that is the only reason to see this movie.The plot of this movie is one we 've seen time and time again . Teenagers make a `` wrong turn '' and end up lost or stranded in a dangerous place . But what 's the scary thing about this movie ? Well , imbread West Virginians of course . Seriously , could n't we think up of a more frightening killer than imbread West Virginians ? It 's pretty cheesy . Even though the movie does have some tense moments and a few `` pop out and scare yous '' , it still fails to earn your money.Rent it .
 released last year , this movie looked interesting in its trailer , but then when I saw it in the theaters . it was pure stupidity . not much in this bland and predictable horror gore fest . it only clocks in at 84 minutes , a short and forgettable horror movie . though the presence of Eliza Dushku was in here , she showed some of her moves we have seen from the past in Buffy The Vampire Slayer . Desmond Harrington from Ghost Ship and Jeremy Sisto from Suicide Kings also stars . the mountain men are disfigured and are really just plan take the movie to the dumps . there are some good moments , well for one when the skanky girl asks the guy to drop trou , Jeremy Sisto 's fleeing from the cabin and when he gets 3 arrows in his back and basically thats it . stir away or if your a Dushku fan like I am , watch it and be bored or not .
 The thing about ` Wrong Turn ' is that it tries so hard to be something else that it forgets to create its own identity . Instead , it remains a mediocre copy of better films that came before it . The idea of mutated woodsmen waiting to feast on scared little teenagers is n't anything new , and sadly nothing about ` Wrong Turn ' tries to do anything new . We have hot young things getting their freak on and then getting butchered by a scary group of grotesque people who pick them off one by one . Like many others have noted , films like The Texas Chainsaw Massacre and The Hills Have Eyes , even the remakes , are far more effective in this sub-genre . If you are into films that regurgitate themes and scenes from better films then by all means , dig in , but if you want something with its own pulse and its own vision then stay away from this . If you want to see Eliza Dushku run through the woods in a tight white tank , then watch this movie immediately .
 You know , as a person who relies heavily on these kinds of reviews to make decisions on what to buy it often baffles me how some people will watch and praise just about anything . It also surprises me that the movie industry would want to release this kind of third rate The Hills Have Eyes rip-off fifteen years after the genre was dead and buried . When Wes Craven made the Hills Have Eyes at least the concept of mountain men stalking and killing for no apparent reason was somewhat fresh . He also did n't have the money these people had to work with , so he did what a lot of independent film makers did , he went the horror route . Wrong Turn is a terrible movie . The thrills are predictable -LRB- if you can call them thrills -RRB- . The mountain men - from their mumbling , mummified characters who just wo n't die no matter how often you hit them and who never seem to run out of arrows no matter how many they fire to their run down cabin where they keep rotting body parts in the fridge and in jars - are laughable . The murders are strictly committed with arrows and slashing tools , the makers of this movie could n't even get creative about that ! The cast is good , which is surprising , but there 's nothing for them to do here except speak lame dialogue , scream and finally die . I 'm surprised to see Jeremy Sisto and Eliza Dushku in this kind of crap . Jeremy 's other recent foray into horror , May , was intelligent and sophisticated , and if you want to see a decent horror film watch that instead . I do n't know what the actors saw in this script but whatever it was I doubt it made it to the screen . If you really love horror of the senseless kind -LRB- that is movies where the murderers have absolutely no motive , implied or otherwise , and you know which two characters are going to survive right from the start -RRB- then this will please you . For everyone else looking for something with just a little bit of style and substance , I 'd avoid this one at all cost . Even Jeepers Creepers , which had a very similar plot , was infinitely better than this .
 This movie does n't even need a review . It is very unoriginal , predictable , cheezy , etc. . I know a good horror/slasher movie and this is not it . If your interested in inbreeding or cannibalism or a movie about sick and twisted rural lifestyle , check out a movie like `` Deliverance '' or `` The -LRB- original -RRB- Texas chainsaw massacre '' , these are well worth the time . I saw this movie at a party and even in the state of mind we all were in , attention was lost quickly from this movie and many commments were made about how horrible this movie is as well as several laughs .
 A by-the-numbers contribution to the hot 20-somethings-in-peril in-redneck-country genre.Two couples and spare girl Jessie -LRB- Eliza Dushku -RRB- on the way to confront the latter 's errant boyfriend take the wrong turn of the title and get knocked off the road by a barbed wire boobytrap . Soon after , lone wolf medical student Chris -LRB- Desmond Harrington -RRB- accidentally smacks into the back of their 4x4 . From then on they start to get picked off in turn by the locals , who have a taste for city-boy -LRB- and girl -RRB- flesh . The whole thing chugs along amiably enough in its way before guttering out in a messy , somewhat suspense-free finale . Lead man Harrington is so wooden it 's hard to imagine he 'd provide much of nutritional value to the cannibal countryfolk in pursuit .
 Unbelievable . The execution of WRONG TURN is even more banal than the premise , which , given assured direction and a twisted script should 've been a slam dunk creepy slice and dicer . Lo , it aint . Instead we get a group of the dumbest woodland victims ever filmed and a group of disfigured redneck cannibals that are n't as scary as REAL disfigured redneck cannibals . The result is a film that offers little atmosphere and a few cheap jolts that just qualify it as a horror movie . Back to the dumb woodland victims - they go exploring a shack in the middle of the woods that contains several clues to the grizzly inhabitants activities , yet take time to make sure they check every room whilst looking for a phone and/or toilet . They wanted to die , obviously . Everyone who gets it -LRB- you know who they are right off the bat -RRB- dies in a FRIDAY THE 13TH fashion that 's all blood and latex , with little creativity , and even less originality . The main characters are even more cardboard than the supporting bodies and are never developed in the short running time -LRB- WRONG TURN clocks in at 80 min . AFTER the end credits -RRB- . Every horror cliche is played ; from the main chick the villians decide to change their M.O. for and NOT kill instantly down to the clueless cop who you know is going to get it before he is even introduced . ELIZA DUSHKU plays the `` tough girl '' to a new annoying extreme that forces one , like in most run-of-the-mill slasher flicks , to root for the bad guys . So many genere films have started with a similar plotline and all fail in the shadow of THE TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE . With a remastered DVD now out , watching LEATHERFACE and his twisted clan scare up the creepy horror WRONG TURN lacks would be a turn in the right direction .
 Listen up , people . This is really nothing more than a formula B-movie . I mean , really , have n't we seen this many times -LRB- actually , too many times -RRB- before ? A group of youngsters goes on a camping trip in some deep forest -LRB- or desert , or mountain -RRB- , where they can allow their young hormones to , uh , run wild , and then find themselves terrorized by not-quite-human malevolent denizens that are so damn difficult to kill.Honestly , I can not remember a single title from among the many late 70 's and 80 's films I saw that followed this formula . They were all that forgettable , except for the granddaddy of them all , The Hills Have Eyes -LRB- the 1977 version -RRB- . Ok , so that one featured a family and not a group of teens . But the numerous slasher-in-the-woods babies it spawned had that same numbing consistency of featuring teens or young adults out for an adventure that quickly turns to terror . And , as you might expect , the acting of these B-movie hunks and bimbos was always so bad , they drew more moans , groans and chuckles than terror.Now , on to Wrong Turn . Does this movie offer anything that the aforementioned slew of B 's does not ? I would have to say yes . We have the lovely Eliza Dushku and Emmanuelle Chriqui , and the able Desmond Harrington , Jeremy Sisto and Kevin Zegers . -LRB- I can still recall the guys in the audience whispering to each other , `` There she is , at last ! '' when Dushku finally made her appearance some 15 minutes into the film . -RRB- These names may not make up what you 'd call an ensemble cast , but they 're certainly not B-movie fodder either . Their performances range from decent to pretty good , and that has to count for something . The question is , how much?The answer
 WOW . i am not sure if there are words to describe how truly horrible this movie was . there have been comparisons to texas chainsaw massacre , and that is dead on . The only problem is it is an extra crappy version of TCM . This movie was totally devoid of any character developement , so you did n't care who got killed with the notable exception of jeremy sisto . The villains -LRB- inbred west virginiers -RRB- were an almost laughable bunch of lumbering idiots who grunted alot . Everything was beyond unbeleivable , the amount of people that were implied in their killing streak alone was ridicules . There were no scary moments at all and barely any tense ones . TCM is at least , in my opinion , watchable again . This ? i 'd rather get hacked to death by the `` creatures '' from Wrong Turn than watch Wrong Turn .
 I ca n't understand why people actually think this is a good movie.Let 's start with the story first which is pretty straighforward . Group of young people get lost in the Virginia woods and get slaughtered off one by one thanks to some inbred mountain men . There 's a great X-files episode about that too.Of course a few make it to the end . When I saw the first 15 minutes I had to think of `` Deliverance '' all the time and was surprised to see that one of the persons actually referred to that movie.The acting is superficial and just not exciting enough . The mountain men are scary so that worked and the other make-up is not bad though not realistic . It always surprises me that in some movies the women still have the same lipstick after two days in the wilderness . Where did they get it?The camerawork is sometimes unbelievable . Unbelievable in the sense that you think to yourself
 Stranded and lost alone in the mountains of West Virginia , six teenagers of the anoying kind long since thought dead after ` Scream ' find out what Southern hospitality means whilst running from three in-bred hillbillies hell-bent on making human jambolaya.Completely irony-free , this is a cross between a Friday the Umpteenth slasher flick and The Hills Have Eyes - taking neither the humour from the first or subtlety from the latter . The film gives only a brief mention of ` Deliverence ' and completely ignores ` Southern Comfort ' when a more accomplished director would have paid better homage and at least given a subtle nod to the movies from which it is born.As the ` jumps ' are broadcast with the subtlety of a hammer , this movie does as least become unintentionally funny as they run around the dense West Virginia forest generally screaminga la Shaggy and Scooby.At least the scenery is nice .
 If you blinked you probably missed this movie in the theaters but that 's okay because it 'll be in the 99 cent bin at your local video store really soon . Wrong Turn rips off Texas Chainsaw Massacre , Deliverance and every dumb , nubile teens in the woods movie ever made . I went the theater hoping for a good creepy time but ended up laughing at the movie .
 For starters the inbred -LRB- of course we are only assuming they are inbred -RRB- `` mountain men '' are distorted beyond inbred -- they look more like kin of the Toxic Avenger ; at least in `` Texas Chainsaw ... '' they actually looked inbred . Secondly and more importantly the script is pretty much -- you guessed it -- `` Texas Chainsaw ... '' . Is this the best that Hollywood hacks can come up with ? -- a retreading of an old tale -LRB- actually a rip off -RRB- and a bad one at that . My suggestion is to buy `` Deliverance '' and forget this piece of garbage ever hit the screen .
 I love movies ... even bad ones . So for me to say a movie is bad it has to be REALLLLLLY bad . This movie was a lot like chainsaw massacre . There wasnt much of a story either ... just people running from disfigured inbreed woodsmen who are looking to kill people and keep body parts as a trophy . Theres just an overkill of blood and gore . I also thought it was boring and fast forwarded through much of the movie ! But if youre looking for a movie with a high gross out factor than this is a good one .
 this movie was a wrong turn ! if u want a real good scare avoid this one ! sucked !
 Just terrible . I am shocked at the positive reviews this boring drivel is receiving . Train-wreck dialogue -- you know it 's going to be ridiculous in a fright flick like this , but that 's part of the fun . The lines here are just dead weights dropping on every scene . A mere handful of victims , with only one interesting character -- Jeremy Sisto . And only a few shots of the baddies ! One star for the `` In the Trees '' sequence , the rest fails miserably .
 Chris Finn -LRB- Desmond Harrington -RRB- , a recent graduate from Medical School , is on his way to a interview when he is held back in traffic by an accident . Consequently , he turns back in order to find a detour to his interview , and on his merry way through the back roads of West Virginia he gets into a car accident with a group of five preppy college students . Chris and three of his newly gained friends begin to hike to a location where they can find a phone , since their cellular phone wo n't work . However , something malevolent is lurking in the woods around them that has been brought about through decades of inbreeding . Chris and his friends realize that they have been thrown into a hellish nightmare where death seems to be the only way out . Wrong Turn is a gory throwback horror film that offers several gruesome shots that can be compared to Texas Chainsaw Massacre and the recent House of 1000 Corpses . However , this film does not offer much more than deaths of the characters through the actions of some grotesque evil inbreds . Overall , it is a gory film , but it is not sufficient for a good scary cinematic experience
 This one might scare you if it 's the first horror movie you 've ever seen . For everyone else , `` Wrong Turn '' has nothing to offer you have n't seen before . Fans of Dushku may also enjoy this `` Faith '' kind of character in `` Buffy '' . But those expecting any more than another film in which a `` up-and-coming young stars '' gets slaughtered , look elsewhere .
 I , being a resident of West Virginia , can joke about the various clich&eacute;s and stereotypes with the best of them , but this movie is ridiculous . Not only is it a slap in the face to anyone from West Virginia , it 's also a sub-par movie and an exploit of the genre . The director says in the commentary that movies such as these are n't supposed to be smart , well if his goal was to make this movie stupid then he succeeded in a major way . It 's as though they were attempting to rip off Friday the 13th but decided to leave out everything that made Friday the 13th an entertaining slasher flick . The effects in this movie are cheesy and rip off-ish , the tired old mutant redneck in the woods storyline has been done a thousand times before , and the overall filming and attention to detail is pitiful . The woods look NOTHING like the woods of West Virginia , neither do the roads , the people , or anything else for that matter . All this movie did was feebly attempt to play on the old West Virginia stereotype.There 's too many good slasher flicks out there for you to waste your money on this garbage . The Texas Chainsaw Massacre is light years better than this . A comparison between the two is an insult to TCM and all its creators , actors , and fans connected to it.Leave horror alone , Rob Schmidt , you suck at it .
 The movie starts and seems promising , excerpts from medical and journalistic documents . The setting is ok at first , but then , the inbred show up , whoa ! They are grossly exagerated , and highly unrealistic . Watch the X-Files episode on the same subject , and you 'll have a better time . Why do they need to put so much more makeup than would be needed to feel real today ? To impress us ? Fake ! They want us to believe it so much and too much that it becomes very unreal and highly unrealistic . I do n't understand . How can people find it believable ? I ca n't understand . And some people say the Friday the 13th movies are unrealistic ! -LRB- ok maybe part 5 or something but -RRB- I would like to see Jason show up and gut those fake inbred ...
 Buying this DVD directly from Amazon would be so much better ! Recommended ! Arrow-media did a horrible describing how well conditioned this movie was ! They said it was like new , well when i looked at the case and CD the case was full of disgusting hair particles and the CD was not new it had millions of deep scratches on it . Not too pleased with Arrow-media ! Should not post false advertisement !
 I never had the desire to pay 7 dollars to watch this teeny bopper horror movie in the theatres and I surely was n't going to pay 20 bucks for the DVD . The only reason I watched it was because there was nothing else on TV.The storyline is this
 If you want to buy this movie , . . do n't . It was n't even scary . The `` murderers '' or the killers looked like nomes from the lord of the rings . . it was a horrible movie .
 I decided to rent this film because of Eliza Dushku and I 'm a fan or horror films . Some parts were creepy but some lines were just too stupid . How many times can you have a decoy say `` Hey dummies , I 'm over here ! '' while the others execute the rest of the plan ... well twice in this movie . It was n't horrible , but I would n't reccomend it unless you are VERY bored . Try Chainsaw Massacre , much better .
 Inbred West Virginians chasing after people who made a `` Wrong Turn '' ... very unoriginal . This movie really did not make any sense to me . I do give it credits for the interesting and some what scary opening credits . . but the rest of the movie is just pointless.In the movie Wrong Turn a group of people get lost in the woods and end up at a house where they hope to find somebody to make a phone call . They end up finding gruesome body parts all over the house . . yet one of the characters still is more interested in finding a bathroom . The characters are not surprised by the grotesque body parts instead just keeping looking around the house . Finally a car pulls in with the `` monsters '' in it and they procede to escape through the back door . They then go into the woods where they are picked off one by one by the group of the 3 monsters -LRB- they look more like the Orcs in The Lord of the Rings . Finally in the middle of nowhere they find a watch tower . . -LRB- surprising it is there when a road ca n't be seen for miles and miles -RRB- . They contact the police who obviously find them but then even the police officer is killed . Finally the remaining characters burn down the `` monsters house '' and kill them.Finally the end credits come up . . thank god . . but no they have to add a little piece to the end where a police officer who is rummaging through the remains of the burned down house is killed by a monster.To see what the director could possibly say about his boring movie i turned on the director commentary and surfed through some extra boring scenes . At one dialouge scene the director said something like ` we didnt focus on the dialouge or screen play very much we had a low budget and just went for some thrills ' . . wow that was n't very obvious . .
 This is the WORST movie ever . Even though Eliza Dushku is hot , the movie is terrible . Bad story , bad acting , bad special effects , it 's just bad . Go out and get Dawn of the Dead , now !
 This movie is so predictable !!! a group of teenagers make a wrong turn to get somewhere quicker , OOH !! obviously you know what is going to happen . there were very few good parts but overall this movie does not let you be surprised by what will happen . if you guess what will happen next , your right !! not enough anticipation in this movie ! if you want a movie that is too obvious to be true this is for you , but if you want one that will keep you guessing and keep you on the edge of your seat , this one is NOT for you !!!!!!
 I rented this movie with an open mind and being a big fan of eliza dushku but i 'm sorry this was terrible.I grew up on watching all the great horror and if you are gon na make a new movie that borrows so heavily from the classics then you have to at least bring something new to the table.Put your own spin on it and make the movie your own like lucky mckee did with `` May '' . This movie has nothin , no new ideas , a poor script and worst of all it pulls all the punches.I mean are we really supposed to believe that these evil mountain men are preying on innocent victims as good looking as eliza without so much as a top getting ripped off ??? Not even a hint of sexual violence.This is just an insult to the intelligence of a true horror fan and goes down on the long list of new horror movies -LRB- House of 1000 corpses , strangeland , ect -RRB- that dont have the guts to truly reinvent the genere.The only releases of the last few years i can think of that have actually advanced the horror genere are `` May '' and `` Dagon '' . It is no wonder that asian horror is leaving hollywood for dead if they think they can get away with selling this recycled garbage to true horror fans.Wake up filmakers in the US , your getting left behind by your international competitors !!!
 I do n't know if this movie or the Hills Have Eyes came out first , but they were sort of the same . The one chick I was just hoping she would hurry up and die . She kept saying `` I Ca n't , I Ca n't '' I would have left her right there . Other than that pretty predictable movie . Glad I bought it for cheap !!
 `` Wrong Turn '' should have been called `` Captain America Has A Plan . '' Let 's start with the opening credits - kind of eery-cool , with lots of newspaper clippings that you think might turn out to mean something . But on a step lower than `` Identity , '' they , of course , fall into the mysterious black hole that is the plot of movies . Sure , `` Wrong Turn '' had the effect genius of Stan Winston , but so did `` Darkness Falls , '' and look at how unfinished that creature looked . The music was loud , the cars were loud , the girls were loud -LRB- and annoying -RRB- . We get it , we need to have our attention on the screen . But we really did n't . After all , there are four protagonists , so of course at least two have to die in a slasher film . I know you have to forgive a lot in this genre , and so many films before it -LRB- and after it , I 'm sure -RRB- have pulled that off successfully , but `` Wrong Turn '' failed -- especially when it comes to the way in which they died - so primitively , so savagely , yet even in this backwoods forest with people who seem to have been raised by wolves -LRB- they had to have been since they were their own parents -RRB- - the main choice of getaway was still a car . A couple of cute laughable lines that are easily forgotten . What was even more laughable were the scenes in which the killers dismember -LRB- oh please I 'm not giving anything away here you should not see this movie -RRB- the first semi-important victim . Blood drips everywhere . Yeah right . CSI they are not . A body can not bleed post-mortem . So these killers , these wannabe junior doctors botched it basically . Then , the lead guy , who 's real name is Chris , but let 's call him Captain America , decides to have everyone climb into some watchtower , like twenty million feet above ground . Of course they trapped themselves there , and he convinces everyone to jump . They magically land on some tree branches and then get to tightrope their way across one of them . Then he and one woman -LRB- honestly I do n't know her character 's name because it did n't seem that important -RRB- stumble upon some waterfall , and everyone in the audience is just expecting them to have sex , but instead they fall asleep . Either way , it 's letting their guard down while being chased . When that same woman is finally captured by the killers , they simply tie her to a bed and stare at her , which leads me to believe they were planning on keeping her because they need a woman to reproduce their psycho mummyman offspring . But no . She 's the only semi-name in this picture , so she has to live . Whatever . The kicker is the set-up for a possible sequel at the end.Does Captain America say anything useful ? He tells the girls he `` has a plan '' and that 's about it . Do we ever find out just exactly who these killers are or why they 're doing it ? No . I think it was meant to be implied that they were getting back at society , especially the beautiful ones , for shunning them and ultimately forcing them to live in that little horror house shack in the woods . But honestly , no one thinks so deeply about these types of movies , and no one is supposed to . No one was looking for the giant social message
 Why ca n't we have a horror movie where the victims show a modicum of intelligence . That would make it even scarier . This one is a by the numbers , knock down the preppies .
 I am sorry , but I hated watching this . The two stars are for the scary parts that actually could work an audience . Eliza Dusku could 've picked a better movie . Such wasted talent . The killers were ork wannabes and unrealistic . This could 've been a whole lot better . A time waster .
 Wrong Turn -LRB- Rob Schmidt , 2003 -RRB- Poor Rob Schmidt . What a fantastic rags-to-riches story he was ; he got his first big Hollywood job as a gaffer on the little movie that could , The Doom Generation , and worked his way up to director in five years , giving the world Crime and Punishment in Suburbia . Yeah , it was a first film , with all the hallmarks of same . But really , no limits , right ? This guy could be the best.And then came 2003 , and he gave us Wrong Turn . There have been a rash of bad horror movies since the success of Jeepers Creepers , and not a one of them even has the fun factor of JC . Add Wrong Turn to the list . At least it tries to be slightly different , but it fails . Painfully.Do you really need a plot summary ? Take a passel of teens . Add in a creepy serial killer . Let the bodies hit the floor . In this case , the passel of teens is headed up by the delicious Eliza Dushku -LRB- Bring It On , This Boy 's Life -RRB- and Desmond Harrington -LRB- Riding in Cars with Boys -RRB- , along with other previously-rising Hollywood gen-y types like Jeremy Sisto -LRB- the title role in TNT 's recent miniseries of Julius Caesar -RRB- and Emmanuelle Chiriqui -LRB- Snow Day -RRB- , whose careers have likely been destroyed by their appearances in this movie . The Deliverance-style bad guys are played by three actors who are one step below character actors -LRB- you know , `` I was in this film as ` truck driver # 3 ! ' '' -RRB- , with the only one who might 've been recognizable without the makeup being Julian Richings , the Trent Reznor-lookalike janitor from similarly silly late-nineties horror flick Urban Legend . -LRB- If you 're a longtime fan of bad horror , though , Gary Robbins had bad-horror-flick child-star status in the early eighties . Remember Humungous ? Eh , you 're probably better off ... -RRB- Crossing your typical slasher film with Deliverance sounds like a good idea , does n't it ? Actually , it 's a fantastic idea . And to be fair to the producers , they did line up a potential-wunderkind director , a cast of potentially above-average stars , and came up with some absolutely gorgeous rural-west-virginia scenery , even if it 's the backwoods version of `` we 're trying to make Toronto look like New York again '' -LRB- `` West Virginia '' actually resides in Dundee , Ontario , for the purposes of this movie -RRB- . They went painfully wrong in not changing Alan McElroy 's script nearly enough -LRB- when your first sold script is for the dreadful Halloween 4 , and your newest script is for ... Halloween 9 , you 're pretty well locked into clich&eacute; mode . Worse , he was also responsible for Left Behind and Ballistic
 This little piece of crap does everything as possible to insult your intelligence !!! . With a plot that copies the best aspects of deliverance , Texas chainsaw massacre -LRB- the original please !!! -RRB- and the Hills have eyes in a very stupid `` cliche '' matter and the performances of some of the most beautiful people in the world ... I mean , if I only had a friend that looks like Eliza Dushku or the other girl in the movie !!!! Can someone tell me how to get amazingly beautiful friends please ???!!!! ... Well the rest is history . Go to the country , get lost -LRB- ohhhh that 's something diferent in a movie !!! -RRB- wonder around an old house and guest what ... the owners ai n't so nice !!! ... they eat people !!!! For Gods sake ... can someone show me something more original . Now the little pretty rich kids from the city are hunted by the UGLY and dumb hillbillies from the backwoods !!! Great Idea !! I wonder why they did n't do the same in films like ... Friday the 13th , Texas chainsaw massacre , Halloween , Black christmas , The Hills have eyes , Deliverance ... UPPPS !! sorry , I think they DID !!!! ... I guess who gets to be the only survivor and the one that kills the bad guys ... the answer is the box of your dvd !!! . This movie sucks so much !! Get a good Idea ... Buy Texas chainsaw massacre , Deliverance and The Hills have Eyes ... the only bad thing about these films is that they do n't include so much good looking people ... maybe they are like me ... they do n't have beautiful friends .
 `` folks get waylaid in the deep West Virginia wilds by a trio of grotesque mountain men . `` What nonsense !!!!!!!!! No wonder the rest of the world thinks that WV is populated by `` inbred backwoods cannibals . `` Completely objectionable !
 Oh my god . This movie is soooo oringal . Five white kids get lost in the woods . Instead of sticking to the old addage if your lost in the forrest hug a tree . They go wander of in thar hills . They knock at a creepy lookin house . No one is home so they all think `` Hey let 's go in . '' There is no phone no light no motor car . Yet they stay anyway to look at the cool collection of creepy inards . The big bad wolf comes back home . The kids are like `` Zoiks we better hide . '' Half of the oh so amazingly good looking scantly cald crew get hacked to bit . Then comes the end or is it the end ? Oh no my friend . Look for Another wrong turn and No outlet .
 FIRST OF ALL I WOULD JUST LIKE TO SAY THAT IT REALLY STINKS THAT THEY KEEP MAKING OUT WEST VIRGINIA TO BE LIKE THE INBREED CAPITAL OF THE WORLD WHEN THAT STUFF IS GOING ON ALL OVER THE PLACE . SECOND , I THINK THAT IT REALLY SUCKS WHEN FILMAKERS MAKE A MOVIE IN AN AREA THAT IS SO UNLIKE THE ACTUAL PLACE . WEST VIRGINIA LOOKS NOTHING LIKE IT DOES IN THIS MOVIE . AND AS FAR AS INBRED PEOPLE . I LIVED IN WEST VIRGINIA FOR TWENTY YEARS AND NEVER SAW ONE INBREED . THE OTHER THING THAT GETS ME IS WHEN FILMAKERS KEEP MAKING ALL OF THESE MOVIES IN CANADA . YOU GUYS ARE DOING NOTHING TO STIMULATE THE AMERICAN ECONOMY . BY THE WAY THIS MOVIE WAS VERY FAR FETCHED AND JUST PLAIN STUPID ! DO SOME RESEARCH NEXT TIME .
 IM FROM WEST VIRGINIA AND SITTING DOWN TO WATCH THIS MOVIE WAS QUITE FRANKLY SOMETHING I WAS VERY VERY EMBARRESED ABOUT . THIS IS ONE OF THE WORST MOVIES I HAVE EVER SEEN . ITS DEFINATLEY IN MY TOP 5 WORST MOVIES EVER . BEING FROM WV AND WATCHING THIS IS A TOTAL SHAME , EMBARRESSMENT . SAVE YOURSELF THE TIME , MONEY , AND SANITY DONT BUY THIS MOVIE ITS GOD AWFUL . I GAVE THIS MOVIE 1 STAR BECAUSE 0 WAS JUST NOT AN OPTION.DONT BUY THIS . IT SUCKS !!!!
 Why two stars ? Because it was so completely off that it at least made me laugh . I 've been to West Virginia and only about .01 % of the population fit this stereotype -LRB- and to a far lesser degree ... no sasquash there -RRB- . Of course , all stereotypes are based on some amount of truth , but do n't you find it interesting how hollywood conveniently pushes certain stereotypes and does it 's best to cover up or even compensate for others?I am originally from New Orleans , Louisiana , and it is a proven fact that there is more interbreeding in the African American population of the projects and inner city because of fraternal uncertainty than there is in rural America because of `` cousin ' lovin ' `` Think you will ever hear about that from the mainstreme media ?
 One of the worst movies I 've seen . It is n't the least scary , the plot sucks , & it 's not in any way creative . All these comparisons to Texas Chainsaw are utterly baffling to me . I do n't mind a cheesy horror pic , but this was a total waste of time .
 I 'm a solid Eliza Dushku fan , and I 'm grateful she 's such an attractive and skilled actress , because movies this bad have destroyed bigger careers and blackened better names than hers . The plot is as predictable as a sunrise , the gore is ugly and most of it unnecessary to the plot , and the acting , with the exception of Ms. Dushku , could be done by a high school drama club without damaging the story 's believability one bit.I regret losing the time I spent watching this piece of trash .
 Hashed together from The Texas Chainsaw Massacre and an old episode of The X-Files , Wrong Turn is pretty much without plot . The premise has a group of 6 teenagers finding themselves lost in the country and stalked by three murdering inbreeds . So without a plot what you need are a few scares , which Wrong Turn does deliver more than most . It doesn &#65533; t stint on the blood and gore and whilst plenty of clich&eacute;s are used in the camerawork as the camera ogles its cast from behind the bushes . The movie also starts off well by not introducing the murderers straight away and if there &#65533; s one thing any horror fan knows it &#65533; s that the unseen is much scarier than the obvious . A teaser sequence involving a rock-climbing couple is particularly original and appreciated , plus the scenes where the group of kids unintentionally stumble into the house of their stalkers , finding a gruesome collection of trophies including dolls , tiaras and body parts ; it &#65533; s not often that you get to say this about a movie but whoever is responsible for the sets really did a good job . Unfortunately Wrong Turn goes downhill almost as soon as it unmasks the inbreeds . They aren &#65533; t half as scary as those in The Texas Chainsaw Massacre , primarily due to the fact that they just don &#65533; t look real but more like monsters . A lot has been made of Stan Winston working on the film but in this case it was a mistake . It would have been much creepier if the killers had resembled humans rather than immortal creatures that communicate with series of grunts rather than in English.The cast are , however , quite good . All unknowns apart from Eliza Dushku -LRB- Faith from Buffy The Vampire Slayer -RRB- it makes it slightly harder to second-guess the exact order of when the characters will be picked off . Unfortunately Dushku is given little to work with , basically playing a watered-down version of her character on Buffy . No sense of remorse or burden of being the Slayer , she is a straightforward fast-thinking action heroine . The only time she &#65533; s allowed to come alive is in the film &#65533; s last half hour or so where she gets to play scared , and she does it exceptionally well . It &#65533; s just a shame there wasn &#65533; t a bit more . In particular , one couple &#65533; s engagement seems wholly unnecessary . But then again characterisation is something that you shouldn &#65533; t always expect from a horror movie.The last ten years seems to have been the decade for the horror movie , petering out after the ironic slasher movie became boring with all the Scream rip-offs filtering the market and then resurfacing again as intelligent fare in The Others and The Sixth Sense -LRB- though neither strictly horror -RRB- and finding new life by having the horror played straight in the particularly impressive Jeepers Creepers . The fact that Wrong Turn does play it straight is the best thing it has going for it seen as it isn &#65533; t really very original , and the directing makes it seem a lot better than it actually is . Given a better script -LRB- the treetop confrontation is just plain ridiculous -RRB- Wrong Turn may have been a real summer treat but as it is it &#65533; s just better than most . It will make you jump in a few places but if you &#65533; re expecting a Jeepers Creepers for 2003 then you &#65533; ll be sorely disappointed .
 Lets begin with , well , the beginning . It starts off rather poorly , I must say . What happens is that two mountain climbers are ... climbing a mountain . A small mountain , but one managed to reach the top before the other anyway . Well , what happens next is that he gets killed ... almost completely silently . I mean , you do n't hear a scream , any sounds of struggling , or anything signaling movement at all . Next is that someone with tremendous strength attempts to pull the girl -LRB- other climber -RRB- up and he 's doing it really fast , except he only does it sporadically for some reason . She cut herself loose and tried to grab another rope , but she slipped and fell anyway . She somehow survived without any serious fractures or anything that would happen to a normal person who falls off a mountain onto hard ground . Anyway , while the person -LRB- or thing -RRB- was playing around in the bushes , the girl ran to her car , but of course , she did n't make it.After showing us a few images and articles of inbred people , it flash forwards to our main story and , I suppose , our hero -LRB- his name is Chris -RRB- . After meeting a sarcastic hick and a hick who apparently is the film 's proverbial mystic indian -LRB- i.e. he knows about the danger , but he wo n't tell it for some damn reason -RRB- , he heads into the same place where the aforementioned climbers died . Anyway , after proving to be an inattentive driver , he meets up with the other MTV-I mean , regular people who just happens to be incredibly attractive . After showing themselves to have as much etiquette as the sarcastic hick Chris met a while back , they 're all off to a wild and crazy adventure as they fight back a bunch of inbred cannibals . Incredible premise , right ? Oh , and remember those two hicks I mentioned ? They 'll be the only hicks other than the cannibals . Yup , you heard me . Apparently , the cannibals must strand nothing but attractive people because you 'll probably never see them attack any hicks.Okay , that 's the story . Honest . However , despite their great attractiveness , you wo n't like most of them . Why ? Because like I said , they 're jerks . I mean , sure , Chris was inattentive and hit their car , but the fact is that their car was already useless and he offered to pay for everything . The only one that has a personality you could possibly like is Scott , who seems to be on some type of drug and I 'm pretty sure it 's not medicinal . The rest are a varied cast . One 's a chain smoker , another 's your token teen `` girl of the night '' -LRB- if you catch my drift -RRB- , another 's a seme female dog , then there 's the drug smoker and his fiancee , the uke female dog , and finally , we have a snobby hero who just happens to go to medical school . In the same order , their names are Evan , Francine , Jessie , Scott , Carly , and Chris . Wow , such appropriate names , right?However , character development is not the biggest problem in this movie . The biggest problem is that the horror is sporadic . What I mean by that is that horror tends to break out of nowhere and then it goes back into hiding . For example , one moment you 're watching what the characters are doing , then suddenly you see someone get cut up , then you immediately return to the other characters and continue as if nothing happened . The director even had the nerve to input horror scenes that interswitch with romance scenes . What is this movie trying to do ? I thought it was a horror movie ? What the hell is this?In lieu of all these terrible flaws , there follows many plot holes . These are n't your ordinary plot holes either , they are GLARING plot holes . I mean , it seemed as though the director did n't even bother to try with this movie . So many things did n't make sense and even more things seemed out of place . The cannibals ' house act as more of a place to show off gore rather than a place that would fit the mentally insane . Then there 's also the fact that it does n't seem like this cannibal family ever attacks other hicks . In one scene , you 'll realize this glaringly . It was so terrible , I just had to cry , and to top it off , you 'll see this as an interswitch in-between horror scenes again.And you know what tops everything ? What REALLY REALLY tops everything ? There were only THREE cannibals ! Yes , that 's right ! There were only THREE cannibals ! And one of them is a lanky little guy ! Do you mean to tell me that four completely healthy teenagers could do absolutely nothing to fight off three inbred cannibals ? They could find absolutely no weapon whatsoever that would completely bust open the skull of even the little lanky cannibal ? That is a load of crock ! I 'm not the biggest guy in the world , but I could probably kill at least one of them ! A steel pipe to the head should do it or does being a cannibal magically give them special healing abilities like how it heightened their sense of smell -LRB- in the movie , they can smell humans ... -RRB- ? But either way , none of the characters try anything even closely resembling that . Instead , they let the cannibals chased them all throughout the movie and kill them one by one -LRB- frankly , I 'm surprised as many of them survived as they did -RRB- . Hell , it is n't until near the end of the movie that they actually tried something and of all the things they could have used , they decided to use a tree branch . I swear , the stupidity of these people will just drive you insane ! There was one point in the movie where they could have actually use a GUN to defend themselves ! You know what happened ? Nothing . Apparently , a big scissor is more useful.What really piss me off about all of this is that when they finally did decide to kill the cannibals , they did it rather easily . No serious injuries , but just a few close calls . They did this with a MUCH smaller group too . It was just so ridiculous , I could n't stand it . My God , this movie is absolutely horrible . It has a bad plot , an overused premise , and it even had a bad introduction ! Do yourself a favor and do n't bother with this trash !
 Horrible movie . No plot . Crappy actors . Blah . Lucky for me I work in a video store so it was free for me .
 Once again we have a predictable movie with a worn out plot and the usual too small group of Young Sexy Future Dead Meats -LRB- YSFDMs -RRB- . Idiot decides to drive down a dirt road in a Mustang . The map indictates that the road is partially an unimproved jeep trail , but idiot goes down it anyhow . It 's difficult to have sympathy for characters who are as dumb as rocks . He 's a medical student . God help his future patients . He probably uses leeches.Idiot YSFDM is driving with his eyes off the road when he slams into a stranded SUV -LRB- in -RRB- conveniently left in the middle of the road by 5 other YSFDMs . This is the only truly disturbing moment in the film . The filmmakers actually destroy a classic 67 Mustang.The 5 YSFDMs are other college students on a pleasure outing . Apparently among these 5 YSFDMs not one of them has the brains to unwrap the barbed wire that caused the flat tire and then CHANGE TO THE SPARE TIRE ! The barbed wire shown is incapable of causing a flat in a steel belted all terrain tire -LRB- I Know this from personal experience -RRB- . So here we have 6 YSDFMS . Omigosh , look there 's an extra female YSFDM for First Idiot YSFDM to hook up with . How convenient . Naturally the movie is populated by a random cluster of suspiciously attractive YSFDMs.Next comes the big thing not to do when lost . Do n't split up . Of course they immediately do . On top of this YSDFM # 1 has been only driving about a mile or two down this road . He could say `` The main road is only about a couple of miles thataway , let 's walk . '' But of course he does n't . He could also say , `` I 'll help you change your tire . Where 's the spare ? '' But of course he does n't do that either.Next , the two YSFDMs who stayed with the SUV decide to have premarital sex . We all know what 's going to happen to them now , do n't we ? Well , it does . Hillbilly lunch.The movie continues on . Two of the YSFDMs are soon to be married . This is supposed to build empathy . Instead it 's like having them wear T-shirts that say `` EAT ME '' . We are of course subjected to the obligatory phony `` scares '' where female YSFDM hides in order to jump out of the side of the screen at male YSFDM . My brain really begins to shut down here and I 'm gazing longingly at my new DVD of `` The Searchers '' that just arrived in the mail . Put it down , Honey . There 's only another hour of Wrong Turn left to go.Naturally the idiots end up at the shack of the Redneck Cannibals -LRB- TM -RRB- . It 's amazing how the entire forests of America are popluated with Demonic Cannibalistic Perverted Inbred Rednecks -LRB- DCPIRs -RRB- . One wonder exactly who these Hollywood people are . Have they ever left their crime ridden concrete jungles?The YSFDMs naturally enter the shack even though nobody is at home . This is a crime in all 50 States . Now they thoroughly deserve their fates.Anyhow the movie continues on in this vein with implausible scene after implausible scene . But the most implausible is that a Game Warden is killed by the DCPIRs and the entire force of Game Wardens , Forestry Service personnel and State Troopers complete with helicopters and bloodhounds do n't show up a few hours later . And how on earth could a trio of DCPIRs eating dozens of tourists only a couple of miles from a major highway not be discovered ? The West Virginia Police are not this incompetent.This is mindnumbingly lazy and incomptent screenwriting . And the ending is as one expects . Naturally the superhuman DCPIRs survive so we can have sequel after sequel after sequel . This is so old hat now . Please . It 's not the least bit entertaining any more.Creativity is non-existent in Hollywood . Wrong Turn is a prime example of cynical filmmaking at its worst .
 My friends and I viewed this movie on a dark night , partly because we had nothing else to do , and partly because we were in need of a good laugh . . which it delivered , though not on purpose.This utterly predictable and extremely low budget film , pumped with unnecessary and totally fake gore and horrible acting -LRB- no surprises there when you 're cast is Buffy the Vampire Slayer material ... -RRB- I especially loved the part in the beginning when we 're introduced to a woman rockclimbing . Perplexingly the grass growing on the cliff next to her is horizontal , not drooping at all on the steep cliff . Apparently there 's no gravity in West Virginia . This movie is an utter waste of time , unless you 're the cynical type who likes to laugh and talk about how Hollywood has gone so downhill making movies like this which attract the attention of mindless goons , not unlike the West Virginians in this film.Seriously , its horribly depressing how many reviews saying that this is a good movie exist . I mean , you 'd have to be a complete idiot to think so ! It has absolutely no redeeming qualites . I would pay NOT to own it .
 What a pathetic attempt at creating a horror-movie . This is a total rip-off from other horror-classics and I do n't see the point of making a movie that resembles some other movie but is 20 worse than that other of which came in mind to me was the Texas Chains-saw massacre among others . It 's an insult to the viewer so unintelligent this movie is . No originality at all , just copied ideas all the way through.This one is just lame . The whole story including every detail is totally predictable and the atmosphere of horror is lacking . Wrong Turn A.K.A Wrong Movie , looks so studied and calculated that it 's almost more documentary than film . A documentary about how an attempt of making a scary movie goes . Give me a break ...
 I just saw this movie for the first time tonight and it was awful . Unlike the original inbred cannibal movie Texas Chainsaw Massacre -LRB- TCM -RRB- , Wrong Turn is just generic and boring . Actually kind of comical at times which I do n't think was the intention of the director . But more disturbing is this bizarre Hollywood fascination with inbred cannibal movies the past six years or so . Frankly while I have only seen two of them -LRB- Wrong Turn and The Hills Have Eyes remake -RRB- they both sucked compared to the grand daddy of them all , TCM . Of course the TCM remake was even worse than Wrong Turn and Hills , but that is for another review.The deformed inbred cannibal thing has worn out its welcome . Actually I think it should have ended with TCM and the original Hills Have Eyes . The only reason I could think of recommending this movie is to watch the beautiful Eliza Dushku parade around in a skimpy half-top t-shirt with her beautiful `` assets '' on full display -LRB- as seen on the DVD cover -RRB- . Boring , unoriginal , and not a scare to be found , avoid Wrong Turn at all costs unless you are as obsessed with deformed inbred cannibals as Hollywood is .
 I was hoping for more from this movie . I like Eliza Dushku , she is hot and a decent actress . But this movie just failed to grab me , and I like this particular genre.I grew up in a white trash town where calling the gene pool there shallow would have been a compliment.ButWrong Turn just failed to generate any interest , the inbreds were dull , there was n't any really good chase or action sequences , character development was nonexistant , and nothing was even remotely scary or titilating . How can a movie scare you if the bad guys are so generic they are n't even funny and you are n't at all interested in the characters ? They should practically been called bad guy 1 , 2 , 3 , and female protagonist 1 , 2 , obviously not going to survive movie character 2 , etc. ... Go and rent one out of the Texas Chainsaw Massacre Family or watch the X-Files Episode `` Home '' , do n't waste your time on this .
 `` Oh no ! There has n't been a stupid scary movie in a while , so we should make one . '' I think this is what the directors said . This is by far the worst movie I have ever seen . This is worse than Halloween Resurrection . There is no action at all . And since there is no action , there is no scary parts . It 's about this family and some guy who run into cannibals . I WILL TELL YOU WHAT THIS IS , TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE COPY . And a bad one , too . DO N'T EVER WATCH THIS MOVIE .
 I was personally not that thrilled with this movie . It was just to predictable for my taste , by about 8 min . into this movie i had the death order predicted . There was a cool old pickup truck in this movie that i liked but that was about it . This movie definatly looked better in the previews on TV .
 Maybe I did n't like this movie because I just finished watching 28 DAYS LATER minutes before putting in WRONG TURN . And 28 DAYS LATER scared circles around this one.The acting in this one was next to horrible . I 've seen better acting in B rated movies . As far as being scared , I was NOT scared for one moment in WRONG TURN . I tried very hard to be open minded , but the lame one-liners and predictable story-line just tasted flat all the way through . It felt like I was watching FRIDAY THE 13th all over again -LRB- one of the bad ones , oh that 'd be all of them -RRB- . The villians are more comical , then frightening and I never felt a bond with any of the characters . So when they got the axe I just did n't care . At times I said , `` Hurry and finish her off and put her out of MY misery ! '' . It seemed like the movie could have been a little deeper . It 's not like they was pushing for time in the movie , it was only an hour and 18 minutes long.The special effects were fantastic . The gore was very graphic , too graphic for my liking . I could have gone my entire life without seeing the gruesome murders in this movie . But they did great on the body parts and other weird visuals.Sadly I can NOT recommend this movie and I was really looking forward to it , too . I only hope CABIN FEVER is better.If you really want to be scared and freaked out , see 28 DAYS LATER . If you want to see some psycho inbred cannibalistic group of red-necks then WRONG TURN is for you . As for me , I thought it was stupid .
 I really had no interest in `` Wrong Turn '' when it came out because I thought it was just another movie about stupid teenagers who get hunted down and killed in the woods . Well , I was exactly right . The only different thing that I was n't expecting is that the teenagers are hunted by inbred killers in the woods and mountains of West Virginia . While this premise is far from original , it is the mutant inbreds who make the film.In the opening credits , the audience gets bombarded with images of missing people as well as news articles about mutation . We never quite understand if these mutation articles have anything to do with the killers in the film or if they were just used as a foundation for what we were about to see.In the film , a group of teenagers and a doctor get into a wreck and must find help in the desolate woods . They split up , of course , and then people start dying at the hands of the cannibalistic killers . Overall , the story is n't that great , but there is a lot of gore and plenty of gross-out moments throughout.Eliza Dushku , once again , plays the `` tough chick '' in the film . It seems as though she 's becoming typecast . It would be nice to see her in a different role . `` Wrong Turn '' is an okay film . I would n't suggest it , mainly because there are many other films with this storyline that are much better . However , fans of this genre might want to check it out and compare .
 Wrong Turn is a surprisingly well crafted film that delivers chills and suspense in several places . It is n't bad when compared to other slasher/gore films , but it is n't a mature horror film.I have two majorissues I have to take with the film
 alright , so wrong turn had a few gory moments but not enough . If you want to see a real horror movie stick to classics . Like George romero 's Dead Trilogy , or Evil Dead . The only new good horror movie ive seen this year would be cabin fever . That stays true to 1980 's horror fimls . And I also hated how this horror movie called itself a 80 's horror movie . They didnt go into any detail about that , they only did it so 80 's horror fans would be more intrested . 80 's scary movie have , blood and guts , and the occasional naked girl . Stick to the classics .
 `` Wrong Turn '' is a textbook example of how the industry corrupts a genre by running winning formulas into the ground . The process could be described as CGP -LRB- computer generated plot -RRB- . Simply take all the old elements in the familial horror category and string them together with a few lines of dialogue . Although started by `` Psycho '' back in 1960 , the genre did not really get going until the original `` Texas Chainsaw Massacre '' . It combined the weird family stuff with elements from ` Deliverance '' to portray the backwoods American family as demented in-breds who bring their victims to a home they have turned into a slaughterhouse . `` Wrong Turn does not take the self-parody route , everything is played straight-a strange choice considering the obvious absurdities and the many times a viewer must suspend disbelief-knowing that not even a complete idiot would behave the way these characters do throughout the movie.To a casual observer , `` Wrong Turn '' looks pretty good . It should since so little was spent on the screenplay and the cast that almost all of the $ 10 Million budget was available to buy the services of competent film production professionals.It 's the standard inbred familial horror plot , six young adults
 ... the film would lack any redemption . Implausible . unpredictable only in the sense that most people ca n't imagine anyone getting paid for scripting such stupidity . we naturally expect more . we 're usually disappointed . ` Wrong turn ' does n't fail to disappoint or insult a post-95 IQ . Eliza looks great , but is the only , easily palatable aspect of the `` film '' . Seriously ... I can make garbage as easily as anyone else . I 'll take the check . I might even try to craft a believable storyline out of the mix . Anyone ?
 In short , `` Wrong Turn '' is REALLY bad . Bad effects , bad acting , bad directing , stupid costumes & an even more stupid storyline . If you like this , you 're not a horror fan . + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + PLEASE NOTE !! The ONLY reason you should watch this is because of Eliza Dushku 's amazingly good looks - she 's hot . :-RRB- + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + DO N'T BUY !!!!!! -LRB- I would give this this ZERO stars if I could -RRB- .
 To put it nicely this movie stinks . Although some parts of the movie are entertaining and keep you watching this flick hardly meets any of my criteria for a top notch horror movie . The in-bred hillbilly mountain men are not that scary and the acting is very sub-par . An obvious attempt to rip-off TCM and Deliverance . It 's really not worth my time to elaborate on it but I will say this ... comparing this movie to Deliverance is like comparing Mike Tyson to Fred Savage . If you like trash then you 'll like `` Wrong Turn '' .
 To put it nicely this movie stinks . Although some parts of the movie are entertaining and keep you watching this flick hardly meets any of my criteria for a top notch horror movie . The in-bred hillbilly mountain men are not that scary and the acting is very sub-par . An obvious attempt to rip-off TCM and Deliverance . It 's really not worth my time to elaborate on it but I will say this ... comparing this movie to Deliverance is like comparing Mike Tyson to Fred Savage . If you like trash then you 'll like `` Wrong Turn '' .
 Wrong Turn is a horrible , horrible teen-slasher movie that takes place in the `` Greenbrier Backcountry '' . which , if you are from Greenbrier County you know is far less menacing than most of the forest-land in the state . It was , as the ultimate slap in the face , shot entirely in Canada . Call us scary , homicidal rednecks , but at least shoot on location . Scary , homicidal rednecks have families to feed too.This movie is ridiculous , on many levels . It is insulting to our great State . Note to film companies
 This movie was the worst horror movie that my husband and I have ever seen in our whole lives . It reminded me of a movie that a flim major would make in college . First it did n't take place in the dark , except for like one scene . Then it had this stupid red neck creatures that kept following the twenty somethings . The only time it was really scary was when they go to the cabin and find some things that are scary . The movie made me jump once . I thought this movie was going to be really scary , and it ended up being so stupid that I can actually say that a young child in the theater was n't scared at all . I just remeber hearing other ladies laugh with me it was so dumb ! A lot of people in the back were just talking and not even watching anymore in the first 10 minutes . This movie was like a bad B horror book . Let 's just say I was glad I did n't spend $ 7.00 on this movie fourantlely I saw it at the $ 2.00 theatre . Well , it was good for a good laugh . I ca n't believe I did n't like it because I usaually love movies like this . I was starring in disbelief that others ' here said that it was good and scary .
 Good concept . Good cast . Good scares . Good suspense . That being said , the good things about Wrong Turn are outweighed by the wasted opportunities to be unique.Instead , Wrong Turn falls into the realm of typical , forgettable , predictable movies that are being mass produced these days . It does n't take any chances , it does n't do anything different and it does n't leave a lasting impression.The movie builds up into something that is gon na be cool , scary and unique , but eventually you realize that ... nope ... same old movie , different actors . Another movie that did n't have the guts to break the mold and thus is just ordinary .
 As some have already mentioned , we 've seen this all before . There is really nothing new in ` Wrong Turn ' besides the cast and a ridiculous tree hopping scene . That said , to me there was no point to watch this , to make it even . It took the same scenario 's of many of the ` good ' horror films -LRB- Hills Have Eyes and Texas Chainsaw for starters -RRB- and recycled them into pointless fluff . If it were n't for Dushku being as hot as she is this film would n't have been worth the wasted two hours I spent last night , and even then it 's a stretch . I do n't understand why cannibals have to be mutated and uneducated woodsman who look unhuman and grunt instead of speak . Remember Hannibal Lector ? Remember the remake of Texas Chainsaw in 2003 ? The cannibals where much scarier when they looked like you and me . These inbreds looked so fake it was ridiculous . I gave it two stars for Dushku and the few creative death scenes , especially the one in the trees and the barbwire thing ... gruesome as they were , it 's a horror film so gruesome is welcomed .
 WRONG TURN has great promise at the beginning . I was even beginning to think that I had found a modern horror film that did n't rely on the cliches that other horror films of today rely on.WRONG TURN started going downhill when the ridiculous looking inbred brothers appeared . So unrealistic , too much makeup ... I didnt even care for the characters after that , as they tried to escape from the evil.Why are film makers still making silly movies like this ? What a sheer waste of money . Why not make a film on something worthwhile ?
 Generally speaking , I 'm really not much a fan of just gratuitous violence or gore , but I MORE then understand its place in the world of horror movies . Sometimes the point of a horror movie becomes more about its ability to shock and `` push the envelope '' of the imaginary borders of its ` R ' rating then about the actual story within the movie.I know how strange that sounds , but think of a movie like the original ` Texas Chainsaw Massacre . ' Tobe Hooper was less concerned with the audience building up any emotional attachment to his characters as he was trying to freak out the audience with scenes of death and dismemberment that you 'd NEVER even think possible for an ` R ' movie.Where am I going with this ? Well , ` Wrong Turn ' did n't do any of this . I was really surprised this was as tame as it was . I mean , if you 're going to make a movie about inbred , mountain-men , cannibals , then take it all the way and try and do something really outrageous . Why settle for something that movies like ` The Hills Have Eyes ' or ` TCM ' have done better before . Your audience for this type of movie is DARING you to show them something they 've never though possible . Do something that would have the MPAA white as a sheet when the house lights come on.I felt like this just was a movie that wanted to do a lot more , but , for whatever reason , pulled back its punch at the last minute . It 's a solid outing for -LRB- director -RRB- Rob Schmidt though , and I 'm curious enough to see his next movie . I want to know if he held back here or was he being restrained ? His next film may be a better indicator of his true creativity .
 If Tobe Hooper , the brilliant , maverick movie maker who created `` The Texas Chainsaw Massacre '' back in l973 , had patented his plot , he would be richer today than Steven Spielberg . Since that powerful work of art was released into theaters , there have been countless rip-offs . `` Wrong Turn '' is yet one more . You 've got the usual dim young kids doing extremely stupid things . The hero of the movie , for reasons only the writer could explain , decides to take a shortcut from the main highway so he can make an important business date . Naturally , he goes into terrain so primitive you expect to see dinosaurs rearing their heads above the forest . Then he crashes into a car full of more idiots . There 's one good shock moment -- involving a forest ranger who finally drives up in his van -- that does really jolt you . The villians are all rip-offs of the original Leatherface . Thankfully , the relentlessly whining , crying , helpless second heroine lead is killed off . It 's hard to believe that her two companions would spend so much time mothering and hushing her would risk being killed to treat her like an infant . Give me that good ole TMC -- Texas Chainsaw Massacre -- that started the whole durn thing .
 I really would not recommend this film to anybody . Its basically about eliza 's boyfriend breaks up with her and her 4 friends take her out on a trip to the woods and they get stranded because a guy crashes into their car . They all go to find a phone what sense does that make ?? I dont know of any phones in the woods and its basically the same kind of concept you see in other movies they get lost killers come after them blah blah blah eliza survives with the guy that crashes into them while the other two couple are doomed to die . It is so predictable and corny . The `` truck '' that the monsters have is such a copy of the jeepers creepers concept its basically a rip off of every horror movie there is . Rent it dont buy it.Its good to people who are new to watching horror . Spend your money on something better !
 Wrong Turn -LRB- 2003 -RRB- Eliza Dushku , Jeremy Sisto , Emmanuelle Chriqui , Desmond Harrington , Lindy Booth , Kevin Zegers , D
 Yet another testament to the fact that there has n't been a good horror film made this century . NOTHING in it was scary unless you have n't seen all the movies that got ripped off to make this disaster , ie if you are n't old enough to drive . Completely predictable shlock . Commentary from the director states he was trying to make a 70s-style horror movie -- Deliverance for one -- which IS NOT A HORROR MOVIE . The `` mountain men '' in Wrong Turn are so ludicrous and over the top yet they completely PALE in comparison to the freaks in Deliverance . The crazy mountain men house was such a blatant rip-off of The Texas Chainsaw Massacre yet had absolutely none of its predecessor 's fright value . I do n't know about you but every time I go into the woods and find a house I break into it and open all the jars in the fridge because you never know . Plus I thought it was funny how the mountain men were fooled not once but twice by some hotty darting out of the bush screaming `` Here I am ! '' so as to serve as a decoy . Hey , works every time ! Maybe it 's just me , but if I was fleeing a trio of mutated mountain men I do n't think I 'd hide in the only lighted tower around for miles and yell into a radio receiver . As for the commentary ... The only thing more shallow and cliched than this movie were the moronic remarks of Eliza `` I 'm a like totally brain dead cheerleader like '' Dushku . Listening to her was truly more terrifying than anything in Wrong Turn . Wonder if she 's inbred ...
 With all the hype and the cool website the film had to offer , I wandered into my neighborhood cinema expecting a little something different . What I got for my $ 8.00 was truly miserable . In short , do n't waste your time or money on this film . Wrong Turn fails to deliver . Their exists no character development , no motive for the `` inbreds '' to track and kill their prey and the dialogue is pretty sloppy . I have seen very small indies much better than this ... the best part of this `` DEAD END '' was the trailers before it ... . TRUST ME
 I 've seen this movie before but did n't own it so i was excited to buy it , i had it a couple of weeks before watching and the movies skips and the frames freeze . Its not in good condition at all . Very upset with this disc . Its is defective / does n't work
 Okey , I like the way Axl Rose performed . He can enjoy the viewers and the fan 's . All I can say is I 'm GNR 's one in a million 's fan . Go !! Go !! GNR ...
 First off , I am a HUGE MST3K fan . I get most of the inside stuff and I generally have a great appreciation for `` stupid '' humor . Having said that , this episode just did n't do it for me . I and a friend -LRB- every bit the MST3K fan I am -RRB- just finished watching this episode and counted maybe 10 chuckles between us . A mighty low count compared to other shows . We had the highest of hopes based on the reviews on Amazon . Maybe we set our hopes too high and could n't help but be disappointed . Bottom line , we just did n't laugh that much where other episodes have had us in tears . IMHO , this one deserves 2 stars at best .
 This movie was billed under a couple different titles before `` Cave Dwellers '' as seen on MST 3000 . First off , I am a MAJOR MST 3000 fan , I have been since I first saw the series in the early 90 's . I 've read the reviews for this and can not figure out why so many people think this one is so great . This was the only MST 3000 that myself and the people who were watching it were making funnier cracks than the crew . This was one dull episode saved only by Crow 's `` continuity problems '' at the end of the movie . Of all the MST 's that I own this one has been watched only once . I laughed maybe 3 times through this one and not very hard . True the movie is very bad , but that alone does not make a great MST 3000 . If you 're wanting a really good/bad viewing experience then I would suggest Mitchell , Pod People , or Manos - The Hands of Fate , because they all beat this one hands down . I ca n't believe that of all the possible candidates for release that were produced during this series -LRB- King Dinosaur , anyone ? -RRB- , that they picked Cave Dwellers . If you are a die hard fan of the series then go ahead and add it to your collection , but try to get it used -LRB- if you pay full you 'll be sorry -RRB- .
 Disappointing . MST3000 works on two levels -- the movie itself , and the riffs from the audience of three . `` Cave Dwellers '' is pretty poor . Often , that gives Mike and the Bots fodder for their best humor ; however , they had a down day doing this one . It takes a little inspiration to transcend the lack of entertainment value in a bad film . I consider myself a moderately hard core MST3000 fan , but this one just did n't make it over the hump .
 I ordered this DVD and several others as well as a few books . I was told the merchandise was sent back to Amazon . So , I called to buy the items again . Customer Service was WONDERFUL , they resent the merchandise out to me via a courier service . When alot of time passed and I had n't receive my package , I called Amazon Customer Service again , who in turn , called the courier service . The courier service told Amazon that the package was lost . Ca n't talk about this product because I never received it . I have to check my credit card to ensure I was credited for the non-received merchandise .
 Well , any SNL or Dana fan will be very disappointed in this DVD.The Church Lady and the Church Chat bits . One of his classic characters right ? NOT one entire sketch . They cut up several of them . Just ruined the whole thing.Wayne 's World , cut up.Other sketches cut up.This has been done on several of the SNL Best Of DVD 's . Very disappointing , a let down .
 I used to be a fan of SNL mainly because of Dana Carvey . I was looking forward to this DVD , but was very disappointed by the selection . This is definitely not the best of Dana Carvey on SNL ! Dana used to be laugh-out-loud funny , but there is not much of that on this DVD.It is possible that for others the selections on this DVD are exactly what they hoped to see . That is always the danger with this type of `` best of '' compilations . The DVD is inexpensive , so if you are a fan of Dana , it is still a worthwhile purchase . And there are some good moments .
 go to a ballet with my wife than sit through this train wreck again . I ca n't decide what was worse the plot or the incredibly horrible acting . Do yourself a favor and avoid this movie like the plague .
 Well , did i get taken . $ 12.95 for a TAPED TV PRINT with missing sound !!! This is the last time I will buy a movie from the CHEEZY FLICKS label . You even get the staation logo in this DVD so you will know they taped it from TV and did a muddy recording to DVD . Where they cut the commercials out , you have missing sound . If you wish to see this movie go to IMDB and then to FanCast and watch it . Irt is 100 times more clearer than this garbage . AMAZON - do yourself a favor and DO NOT carry the Cheezy Flicks DVD 's . Your customers will be much happier . If I could rate this ZERO I would !
 I saw this movie as a young child only once and thought it pretty scary . When I saw it was being released on DVD I was on the edge as to by it or not . I watched on HULUand thought the picture was worth getting.What I got was very muddy , not at all like what I saw . The distributor - Cheesy Ficks -LRB- ? -RRB- must have gotten a very bad copy of a VHS to make this transfer.I will keep it because I want the film but I will get another copy with a better picture as soon as possible .
 I wish I had read the reviews here , before I bought this disc ; -- however , I got it from Deep Discount -LRB- because it was almost $ 4.00 cheaper there -RRB- , and I had n't seen the reviews of the actual Cheezy Flicks disc.I already have this film on VHS tape from Sinister Cinema -- I purchased it directed from Sinister Cinema back in the 1990s -- and quite frankly , their print is pretty good.I recently bought this Cheezy Flicks DVD , because it said it was `` digitally restored . `` I played the disc as soon as it arrived.In the opening , it actually had a `` warning '' saying that this was `` copyrighted '' material , and you could go to jail for copying it , etc. , etc.Then , as it played , a TV logo appeared!It turns out that Cheezy snatched this film from WCAU-TV in Philadelphia , Channel 10 -LRB- who 's logo appears frequently on screen -RRB- ! I guess any possible `` copyright '' did n't concern Cheezy , who had no qualms about stealing it themselves , from another source!In any case , `` The Lost Missile '' is in the public domain.Cheezy not only steals , but it lies , too.BTW , the print on this disc looks just as you would expect a home-made TV-snatch to look like ... As another reviewer here mentioned , when Cheezy `` joins '' the tape from both sides of a commercial break , the dialog gets cut , -- and so must some of the film , itself.My rating
 Buyer BEWARE !! I gave this movie -LRB- THE LOST MISSLE -RRB- one star just for the fact that it was finally out on dvd . For a film that was supposedly digitally remastered it 's one of the worse transfers I 've ever seen . Right from the opening prolog to the very end the film looks to be always sligtly out of focus . If this is what cheezyflicks calls remastering then they better go back to school and learn how to do it . Outside of being out of focus thru the whole film the audio has a hum thru the whole picture . And I got the impression that there where some scenes missing from the piture . In watching the picture I felt I was watching a poor tape transfer . I never felt once that I was watching a transfer from a print . Hopefully this film will resurface in MOD format from the studios Vault Collections where you know it was actually taken from a print . Now my biggest complaint about this transfer was at the 25 minute and 50 second mark in the film when lo and behold in the lower left hand corner of the picture what appears is the logo for WCAU-TV Channel 10 Philadelphia Pa. . Now what that was doing there ? I 'll let you the reader figure out . It just tells me where this copy was taken from . Cheezyflicks should be ashamed of itself for pawning this off on the puplic . AS for myself I 'll never buy anything with there name on it again . So once again I say BUYER BEWARE .
 I just received this DVD in the mail from Amazon . I ca n't believe how bad the quality of this film is . The Cheezy company is cheezy . They must have found the master under a rock . The movie looks smeared and blurry . This is too bad as it does n't seem all that bad for a 1950 's Sci-fi movie . If I were you , I would n't waste my money on the lousy print . Hopefully a good company will release this movie in the future .
 While I do not disparage the `` Bozo '' of the Boston area , there is only one true Bozo - the late , great Bob Bell . As a kid in the suburbs -LRB- far suburbs -RRB- of Chicago in the 70s , Bozo , Ray Raynor , and the Son of Svenghoolie were kings to me and my friends . I 'm sure the `` Bozo '' of the Boston area was ok , but there can only be one Bozo Show to me.Even Dan Castellaneta of the Simpsons said that the character , Krusty the Klown , was modeled after Bob Bell 's Bozo in Chicago !
 Dissappointed in this dvd as I never knew that there where other Bozo 's in the world outside of my favorite clown in the world , Bozo from Chicago area . I grew up watching Bozo and wanted to see the Bozo Show from Chicago , this clown was not it ! I also was hoping to look forward to seeing them pick out children from the audience to come down and play that game where you threw the ping pong ball in buckets 1-6 and if you got the ping pong in the bucket you would win a prize . When I was a child it was a dream to have the chance to go see this show and play that game , never worked out for me . However , I would love to watch re-runs from that show !
 Without Adrien Brody 's timely Oscar win , this slow moving indie would not have seen the light of day . Brody is badly miscast as a NYC lowlife , a professional criminal who stages hotel robberies of dimwitted Asian tourists while wearing police getup.He meets and falls in love with a brilliant young college student , Claire and start an affair ... first she falls for him , he cheats on her to drive her away . Then she begins a frightening dissent into prostitution and suicide , while Jack -LRB- Brody -RRB- reveals that he really is in love with her.This probably makes it sound better than it is . The script is confusing -- is Claire a college freshman or a graduate student in Genetics ? This is kinda important , because we evaluate her character and her actions differently if she is a 18 yr old virgin -LRB- which is hinted at -RRB- or a more mature 22 yr old . The actress , Charlotte Ayanna , is very attractive ; she resembles Kimberly Williams -LRB- Father of the Bride -RRB- , but she is way , way out of her depth once the role calls for her to descend into mental illness and self destruction . There is no hint given why the breakup of this rather shallow , short term love affair would have her turning tricks -LRB- without condoms -RRB- on street corners or cutting her wrists -LRB- which is why we really need to know if she is a teenager or in her 20s -RRB- . Why is it inside of her that is so needy and immature ? We never find out.Adrien Brody , who is talented and handsome in an unusual way -- very thin , expressive face and huge puppy dog eyes -- is just completely the wrong physical type for the part of a sleazy down and out loser . I wonder what casting genius thought of this ? He 's so slight and frail looking when he puts on a police uniform , you think of a kid dressing up for Halloween -- it 's imposible to believe even Japanese tourists take him seriously . Some actors are handicapped by having a `` look '' that limits their parts , and Mr. Brody 's `` look '' screams aristocratic Jewish intellectual.It 's even more confusing when Jack is revealed to be a wannabe writer , who collects first edition books and reads Melville -LRB- apparently not any comtemporary writers , though -RRB- . This is the kind of unbelievable detail that just sinks his characterization . So is his amazing turnaround in prison , where he gives up crime for writing and * SPOILER ALERT * gets back together with Claire , the least plausible detail in the film . Why would she take this apalling cad back into her life ? And how did she recover from mental illness , a suicide attempt , lengthy stay in psychiatric hospital , and still manage to return to college , graduate and get a job in a medical lab ... all in two years ? Never mind . The filmmaker just wanted to tack on a happy ending ! But it 's jarring and inappropriate.Like most not-very-good low budget films , the main problem is n't the lack of big stars , loud music , computer graphics , car chases etc , but a BAD SCRIPT . The film actually has a nice gritty , unglamorized look to it , and the love scenes -- filmed in an arty , non-linear way -- are appealing . But the story is less convincing than some sci fi thriller with giant aliens.If you adored Adrien Brody in `` The Pianist '' , you might want to catch this just to see him in contemporary clothing , but otherwise , it 's a waste and very boring ... a movie that probably would have never been released if he had been passed voter for that Oscar .
 This is another one of those annoying movies where the men fornicate with everything that moves and the women who love these schmucks are depicted as shrill and clingy for being upset about it . But when the man gets totally unhinged by evidence of the woman 's infidelity this is somehow powerful and emotional . I really wish that Hollywood would stop perpetuating this insulting double standard.Adrian Brody was somehow compelling as the tritely written `` criminal with the soul of a poet '' . There were a few moving scenes that made the movie worth watching -LRB- `` I hate you '' . . `` I know '' -RRB- and some some of the other love scenes were touching and realistic as well . Pam Grier was great , as were a number of the other minor roles.Overall , a disappointment but with a few transcendent scenes .
 I want to say to all of you , I had every intention of liking this movie . I have a soft spot for Adrien Brody 's Bronx/Manhattan sadness . He reminds me of the good guys that I grew up with in Queens . He 's probably one of the nicest guys in Hollywood right now and I was thrilled when he won for best actor last year at the Oscars . But let 's face it : This film was such a dog ! You have to be desperately seeking art in any form to think this was even remotely interesting let alone entertaining . The only reason I did n't shut the DVD off in the first half hour was because of the respect I have for Brody.Yo , Adrien , be a little more judicious with the roles you pick and show a little more influence in who you costar with in the future , OK ?
 LOVE THE HARD WAY -LRB- LtHW -RRB- and TEN BENNY/NOTHING TO LOSE would be an appropriate Adrien Brody double-feature because both had me muttering `` Dumbass ! '' every time the protagonists acted like jerks . But do n't blame Brody ; he and the cast did their best with the material they had . LtHW was a shelved indie released to cash in on Brody 's post-Oscar fame . Alas , this alleged romantic crime drama proves that some unreleased films should stay that way ! Maybe something got lost in translation as German co-writer/director Peter Sehr and French co-writer Marie Noelle adapted a Chinese novel into a New York story with mostly American characters . Guess I should 've sensed trouble when antihero Jack -LRB- Brody -RRB- wears a snakeskin jacket obviously intended to make him look cool ; I could n't help thinking , `` Nicolas Cage called from the set of WILD AT HEART ; he wants his jacket back ! '' Brody looks hot despite the heavyhanded `` cool '' touches , which at least renders the film more watchable , as does LtHW 's striking use of NYC locations like the now-defunct Screening Room , where heroine Claire -LRB- Charlotte Ayanna -RRB- works part-time , and a former office building in the South Bronx that Jack and his partner-in-crime Charlie -LRB- Jon Seda -RRB- call home . Jack and Charlie 's world brings to mind the grim-and-gritty quality of 1970s NYC-set thrillers -LRB- or maybe it 's just the DVD 's dingy print :--RRB- . The guys support themselves with thievery and con jobs . Their female confederates play hookers luring unsuspecting foreign businessmen in posh Manhattan hotels , only to have Jack and Charlie bust in , posing as cops willing to accept `` bribes '' from the eager-for-secrecy businessmen . These scams are LtHW 's best bits , but then , I enjoy con games as long as they 're only in movies ! :--RRB- However , Jack supposedly has a poet 's soul beneath his streetwise demeanor , writing the Great American Pulp Fiction Novel in his spare time . He meets clean-cut Columbia University student Claire , and as the apparent opposites attract , the film turns schizoid . Despite his attraction to her , Jack realizes he and Claire are from different worlds -- but when he dumps her , the film stops being a grim-and-gritty crime drama and becomes a different 1970s-style film
 This video was a big disapointment . Much of it was great Chonda fun , and her singing is really good . Her joke about Sleeping Beauty deserving the only sound sleep she 'd had in years had me in stitches . However much of this was uninspired . For a large part of her performance she was too busy laughing at her own jokes before even telling them to let the audience in on what was so funny . Are we supposed to laugh just because she is ? Some if it was downright offensive . She ridiculed a bald man in the front row for being bald until the joke was really beaten down into the ground . Ridiculing another person -LRB- made in God 's image -RRB- that way is not funny . It is inconsiderate , cruel , and ungodly . The man in question laughed along like a good sport , but it was obviously very painful . She also spent a good deal of time laughing about how she and a friend got their two husbands mistaken for gay men . This was just plain sickening . I watched this with a group of ladies from my church , and there was only an awkward silence , not laughter , during these segments . Overall this was a sad disapointment .
 If you 're going to bill yourself as a Christian comedienne , you should heed the Bible 's warning against tearing others down . Unfortunately , Chonda Pierce 's comedy leans to the destructive side rather than the edifying side I was anticipating . While some of her jokes were funny , I found many of them to be hurtful and not made in a Christian spirit . As another reviewed commented , she made fun of a man in the audience because he was balding and sweating quite heavily . The poor man looked so uncomfortable as the camera zoomed in on his bald , sweaty head and Chonda led the whole auditorium in laughing at him . This was the most overt instance of mockery , but there were others . She made fun of some fans and joked about a dead body that she found in her hotel room -LRB- while she could have made up that story , it is distasteful nonetheless -RRB- . In addition to the overtly offensive jokes , her jokes about men really crossed the line into insulting them . Certainly joking about the differences between sexes can be funny , but the tone and language that she used were not loving or funny . I felt that at no point in the movie she expressed respect for men as a group , although she did indeed acknowledge her appreciation for her husband.All objections to content aside , her delivery was poor . She was laughing so hard at her jokes that she could barely get them out . This really distracts from the routine . Instead of focusing on the material , you just sit there waiting for her to deliver the joke . After about an hour of her comedy routine , she abruptly switched into a long , tearful testimony -LRB- again , after making fun of people for the past hour ! -RRB- . It was a very strange addition to an evening of `` comedy . `` In short , I did not find Chonda Pierce 's comedy to be uplifting or reflective of the Christian spirit by which she markets herself .
 I got so tired of hearing Lilia talk and bored waiting for the yoga to begin I have quit using the DVD . If she had simply shown how to do the movement , and then quit talking so I could concentrate I would have enjoyed it more .
 I have a couple other videos of Lilias and really enjoy them . I was looking for something gentle as I am having some problems with my knees . This video was way way too easy and seems to be for someone who has not exercised much at all . Many of the exercises are to do in a chair with minimal movements . Seems it would be good for someone with very limited mobility but not for someone looking for gentle poses and developing more flexibility .
 AS SOON AS I INSERTED THE DVD , LIKE FIVE MINUTES LATER I FELL ASLEEP . BOARING , NO ENTHUIASM JOKE OF YOGA . . SORRY . DENISE
 gave it one star because there 's not a lower score . such a disappointment . do n't waste your money
 It 's been a month since I ordered this video and I have n't received it YET ! So - I ca n't give a review .
 This really seemed like it was for someone who is senile . I really did n't like it at all . I 'm donating it .
 If you ca n't get up and down to floor easily do n't waste your money . I have back issues and ca n't always move down to the floor and back without pain , so it was my mistake to purchase this DVD but I would advise producers of such programs to put more discription of the programs in the advertising for us people who are handicapped in some ways .
 I was very disappointed to find this was a sitting yoga practice . It is excellent for elderly or handicapped individuals who need the beneifits of a yoga practice but are physically limited to the point they need to be seated for the session.I wish I could get my money back so I could order a more sutiable yoga tape .
 Lilia 's voice and instructtions could barely be heard . Then one day , her voice disappeard completely and now I am stuck with a cd that plays yoga music . I can see her talk but I can not hear her voice at all .
 ... for messing up such a great movie ! Movies like this one need special treatment . Putting this out in fullscreen is like giving it no attention at all . It 's a shame because today even ultra-low budget films are being properly remastered for DVD releases . It seems that MGM does not realise at all the cult status of this movie - I mean there are countless people out there who have been waiting for a decent release of this movie . I do n't consider this an upgrade to my old , fullscreen VHS so I wo n't be buying it.As for the movie itself ... no words could possibly describe it . It just reaches perfection .
 Poor old Bronson does n't have much luck . His friends and family keep getting murdered by low lifes . By this entry though he has no family left because his wife and daughter were killed in the first two movies . In this entry Bronson is visting an old army buddy , but when he arrives at his house he finds his friend 's battered corpse . Immediately the cops burst in and arrest him , he is allowed to go free only if he wipes out the evil Straker and his fascistic gang . This is a pretty bad movie , though it has a welcome lacing of humor in it -LRB- well , I thought the guy getting a nail through his head was pretty funny -RRB- and some ludicrous dialogue , as well as an absurdly high body count . Unlike the disgusting DW2 -LRB- which I think is marginally better -RRB- it does n't rely so much on sexual violence to repulse the viewer . Keep your eyes peeled for Alex Winter of the BILL & TED movies as a bad guy , and ST : TNG 's Marina Sirtis as a rape victim.The music is once again by Jimmy Page .
 By this time anyone familiar with the first couple of Deathwish flicks knows the rape and murder storyline by heart but despite being a Bronson fan I had a tough time making it through DW3 . This is an extraordinarily dumb movie ! Once again Hollywood plays the stereotype to the hilt as evil bikers on Superglides and Yamaha 2strokes team up with maniacal painted street punks in what might be the most laughable vigilante movie ever written . Other than Charles Bronson 's usual semi-deadpan but charming performance the acting from every angle in the third Deathwish is easily as a bad as the Marvell comics style writing.The music is awful too and I say that despite being a Jimmy Page fan . In a way the score suits though as it 's consistently hammed up and over the top just like everything else in this third rerun of the same old same old . Maybe the director -LRB- whoever he is -RRB- decided overacting by the entire cast and over amping the soundtrack would make up for Bronson 's underacting and somehow balance things out . It does n't ! I 'm giving DW3 two stars for the comic relief even if it is unintentional .
 I loved Charles Bronson in most of his 70 's films . `` The Mechanic '' , `` Mr.Majestyk '' and the original `` Death Wish '' are all fine films that mix good shoot-em-up with scripts that are dramatically well written . `` Death Wish 3 '' is a dud . It features so much of the same worn ground travelled in the original `` Death Wish '' and it 's sequel . Either Charles Bronson/Paul Kersey is the most unfortunate man on Earth or the writers just ca n't write . After suffering again another attack by out of control street thugs , Bronson is forced on the offensive to save a besieged neighborhood.The wave after wave of weapon wielding thugs that comes after Bronson would not be out of place in a video game , but here it 's fantastic and hard to believe.There is no motivation for the meaningless attack after attack , and like lemmings marching to their deaths , Bronsons adversaries are as quickly replaced by similarly motivated look alikes soon after each one is uncerimoniously shot dead.DW3 is worth a look for late night laughs , but if you are searching a continuation of the first 2 installments , stay far away . Soundtrack by Jimmy Page also disappoints .
 I ca n't believe people rave about this piece of utter trash . Paycheque-acting , no story at all , completely unbelievable . This one makes `` Death Wish 5 '' look like `` Citizen Kane '' . No wonder old Charlie looks so embarrassed in this turkey . They have n't even bothered to write a new score . Comes to town , bang-bang , leaves . I love Bronson-movies , but this one 's the pits .
 the way I feel after watching any Death Wish , but the ridiculous Death Wish 3 is beyond comprehension how miserable a film can seemingly be . Ohhhhhh yeah lets have all these nice Jewish people living in and around total squalor , um , where was that supposed to be , I am assuming the Bronx , with skin head type neanderthals , and of course the cocaine for good measure , yet ridiculous Ghetto McGyver type contraptions with nails under windows and catapults near another window , and whats with Paul Kersey , he looses his wife , he looses his daughter , then a new girlfriend , was it this round ? , when she gets fried in a car crash ... I mean honestly its as bad as Jason or Mike Myers coming back again and again and again . Charles Bronson 's teddy bear type smile and mentality is endearing , then he blows people away like its a daily routine like brushing teeth , its all very silly , stupid and I am surprised John Carpenter did n't direct and or write this swill , because that is what is # ! T!@# is , total and absolute toilet water.I 'm a dumb , apparently I 've spent too much time in Price Shoppers today , I feel like I 'm on state aid , oh my , where oh my , where my baby momma at , wait she out renting Barbershop 3 and the horrible , apparently Classic , Death Wish 3 . Ridiculous .
 I have the last 2 of the series , but not this one or the 2nd one . I hope this gets resolved soon .
 `` It 's like roaches , unless you get them all , then what 's the point ? '' That is not only a line from this film , but also a fine encapsualation of its bizarre right wing politics . Director Michael Winner , who made the original `` Death Wish , '' unleashes upon the audience an even baser , more manipulative film than the original . This movie is defined by one of the most facile understandings of the criminal justice system ever depicted on film . When the police are clumsy and ineffectual , and the courts can not provide solace against murderers , rapists and muggers , and even defense attorneys question their vocation , what is the answer ? According to this film and others in the series
 Let me first say that I enjoyed the original `` Death Wish '' a great deal . While some would castigate its supposed political bent , I think its association with a `` right-wing '' mentality is inaccurate . While we conservatives do have varying levels of dissatifaction with our criminal justice system , I never met one who TRULY wanted to go out and just start shooting people . To suggest that a Paul Kersey resides in every conservative is utter nonsense . And these social liberals made similar comments about Michael Douglas ' character in the movie `` Falling Down . '' Of course , they have no qualms when liberalism is displayed prominently in a film or television show.The fact that these movies -LRB- at least the sequels -RRB- are a parody of supposed conservative values tells you that the makers are liberal . No one could possibly take this movie seriously . It would be like claiming the WWF is a sport and , as such , it is in dire need of `` instant replay '' cameras to ensure the ` integrity ' of the wrestling matches . Some ideas are just non-starters . Okay , enough political commentary from me and on to the review of the actual movie.Folks , the Golan-Globus stench reaches far and wide with yet another cheesy-looking , cheap-looking , terribly acted movie put forth by them for public consumption . It is actually depressing to think that there is a city somewhere in America that actually has a section that looks that bad . But there must be . G&G ; are notoriously tight-fisted with the greenbacks during production -- and there is absolutely no way they could have afforded to build such a wasteland.The storyline is the same ... more death and destruction , with Kersey taking on the role of savior of the oppressed neighborhood in this version . If Bronson keeps making these , we 'll end up seeing something like `` Death Wish 27
 having just watched this movie on TV the other night , and its upcoming release on DVD , prompted me to review this movie . And believe me it was not easy . On one hand , it 's just a terrible movie.Terrible plot , worse performances , characters that have no depth whatsoever , bad dialog , over the top violence ... the list goes on and on . But if you can go into it without remotely taking it seriously , it 's not too bad.Bronson plays vigilante Paul Kersey , this time back in New York to take care of a friends affairs who was killed . The local police Captain knows full well who Kersey is , but rather than lock him up for his past crimes , he encourages him to go back to his vigilante ways , working for the police.Kersey stays at his friends apartment building which is in a New York neighborhood that looks like something out of the post-apocyliptic future . Buidling are bombed out , trash is all around , and a ruthless street gang , painted it up with different color crayons , rules the streets.Not much to guess here , Bronson is out to protect the neighborhoods residents and get the bad guys at all costs.The movie is mind-numbingly stupid . The last 20 minutes or so is an all out battle with Kersey leading the residents against hundreds of gang members . One resident is armed with only a homemade zip gun . At one point he proclaims he has to go back and get more ammo . Evidently he does n't notice the dozens of bodies of gang members lying around still clutching assault rifles.Earlier on , Kersey not only mails away for a HUGE handgun , but also a rocket launcher !!! A freaking Rocket launcher ... that Kersey picks up in a plain brown wrapper . Brilliant.The end has Bronson blowing away the gang leader with that very rocket launcher , right out of his apratment wall . The leaders girlfriend , down on the street screams !!! Evidently she knows that was HER boyfriend , even though theres not enough of him left to even sweep up.At that point , the gang just gives up . Ughhh.Hey , just think of this as a live action cartoon .
 not as good as the 1st three but you need it to go with the other 4 deathwish films
 I saw this fiasco on television recently . Having seen this movie when I was a young lad , seeing it again makes me realize that this is one of the funniest films ever made . I 'm not sure if it 's intentional or not , but it does n't matter . The cartoon violence and stupidity of the plot and the dialogue had me laughing out loud at every turn.What the hell are these old people doing living in this neighborhood ? `` I think I 'll walk home with my groceries through Beirut . oy vie ! '' How is Bronson getting RPG 's shipped to the UPS store ? Why do the thugs just run blindly at the guy holding a machine gun ? Why ca n't the thugs manage to hit the guy standing in the open with a machine gun with their own guns ? It 's just hilarious once the action picks up . This movie appears to really have been made for people with a gun fetish or something . Worth watching when it 's on TV for a laugh .
 Anyone attempting to post a serious review of this film is wasting their time . Death Wish 3 is ridiculous , period . Once you have accepted this very obvious assertion , you can go ahead and get a completely guilty pleasure.Bronson is back . And that 's really all you need to know . And while in the original film -LRB- which was actually good -RRB- he was inexperienced in the whole vigilante thing , he now seems to have become a professional through and through . He 's so good that he knows where you can simply mail order .457 `` Welby '' Magnums as well as military-issue rocket launchers . How does he start his little project ? By buying a brand new Cadillac , parking it in the street in a neighborhood that looks worse than Sarajevo circa 1993 , and baiting some punks . Bronson , disturbed during his dinner with some nice neighbors , calmly confronts the muggers and expresses his annoyance at their attempt theft by shooting them dead . He then returns to dinner , no doubt enjoying his meal more than ever.This film is so over-the-top that credit must be given to Michael Winner for completely obliterating any credibility and social concern , unlike the first film and making something akin to a child 's vision of `` real '' justice for street scum . Here , instead of being hesitant to arrest Bronson , the police flat out hire him to clean up an entire neighborhood . Just to make sure he is n't hindered from his job , some punks have crippled his old war buddy . Later , they blow up his latest love interest . Not like Bronson would n't have gone out and killed about 200 people anyway.A few years ago I took a Cinema Studies class at a major university and to my surprise , one of my classmates was Joseph Gonzalez , who plays Bronson 's neighbor Rodriguez -LRB- the zip gun guy -RRB- . For a whole semester I thought of approaching him and asking him about his work on the film , but I had the overwhelming feeling that he would simply glare at me and ask me not to mention this info to anyone else . I thought that having Death Wish III on one 's resume was bad , but when I did some digging on the Internet Movie Database I found that Gonzalez 's only other acting credit was the 1990 film Frankenhooker . I kept my mouth shut and decided to hold off on the Death Wish III trivia with my classmates.Nevertheless , I never fail to watch this film if it 's on cable or TV . It 's the guiltiest of pleasures . Bronson , guns , punks and muggers , death , insanity . And was Jimmy Page paying the rent or what with this score ? The only validation I can see for a DVD release of this film is if we can get some cool extras , such as commentary by Michael Winner or even by -LRB- gasp -RRB- Bronson himself -LRB- yeah , that 'll happen -RRB- .
 CRYSTAL TRIANGLE
 At first I was upset a bit that I saw it was only 50 minutes long . Then as I started watching it I thought that this movie is way too long!There was about 10 minutes that I thought was funny and worth watching -- the scene of him talking to his fantasy girl with the drawn on stitches . Her silent movie type dialogue was pretty funny . Otherwise I agree with the `` this movie blows '' review.The joejoedancer review who gave it 5 stars - must be smoking crack and/or thinks they are cool by liking such an `` avant-garde '' film , which it is not.Creepersin - get a life !
 DONT EVER GET THIS MOVIE IF U WANT ANYTHING LESS THAN AN HOUR AND WANT TO BE BORED OFF UR BUTT .
 I love these workouts , and owned them on VHS back in the day . I was excited to see that they 've been released on one DVD , so I ordered it . The DVD I received was n't shrink-wrapped , was covered in what was obviously a home-made label , and the DVD itself was a DVD-R that would n't play on any of our machines . Bottom line
 The one produced by Goldhil Home Media in 1997 is much better at helping you understand Tai Chi . It gives a better overall picture on the overall benefits of Tai Chi , and starts out nice and easy.This DVD , on the other hand , assumes that you 're able to pull your leg over your head during the opening Stretching . Plus the 80 's spandex does n't help either .
 This is without a doubt not for the beginners . I 'm not really too sure who it is for . The majority of the camera work stays away from David Carradine and focuses on the class of people that look like 1980s sci-fi rejects . This group of people do the exercises their way and out of sinc with each other and the verbal cues . There is no explaination or demonstration of how to perform the moves being executed , they just start happening . If you look away from the television you will miss something.I could go on about my disappointment with this video . Instead , I will just say do n't waste your money on this video and DO NOT buy this video because of a star 's name . Look elsewhere for guidance for Tai Chi .
 DO NOT confuse your feelings about Kung-Fu the Series with what you may see in this video -LRB- should you decided to buy it -RRB- . I am a huge fan of the Kung-Fu Series and attribute my recent decision to begin taking classes in Kung-Fu and T'ai Chi to how Mr. Carradine interpreted his role on-screen . I was extremely disappointed , however , in the way Mr. Carradine , his producers , and the team of on-screen participants presented the T'ai Chi material . I could n't get past the arrested development of it all ; those huge hairdo 's of the 80 's ; those outfits ... it was like the Solid Gold Dancers meets Dance Fever . I would have much preferred the taping of a real T'ai Chi class . The music -LRB- style and volume -RRB- is also a distractor that detracts one 's ability to grasp what is being taught here . And finally , I was looking for Yang style T'ai Chi and did not find it here . In fact , I 'm really not clear what style T'ai Chi is being taught in this video . Whatever you do , keep shopping . Do n't stop here ! There are loads of T'ai Chi instructional videos out these days that are much , much better than this one .
 I am truly disappointed . Streching exercises are for gymnasts -LRB- camera shies away from Carradine when unbelievably hard exercises are being done by other participants -RRB- and seem to have been borrowed from Pilate or Yoga . The Chinese exercise leader does not know how to lead , just mumbles , and the camera angles and structure of teaching make everything impossible to follow . Unnecessary things like Kung Fu , songs , and other non-Taichi materials should not have been included . I have the older VHS where Arnold Tayam was co-instructor , and I prefer that a lot which I give a B plus . The problem though is that it 's the short form . I give this DVD -LRB- Natural Journeys production -RRB- a grade of D + -LRB- barely passing -RRB- .
 I found it very difficult to fallow along since you ca n't always see everything the leader is doing .
 If you are looking for a program to tone the body and improve balance , then this program will probably work . Just about anything beats sitting on the couch munching chips.What this DVD is not , and I can not stress NOT enough , is the Classic Yang style t ` ai Chi as practiced by Professor Cheng Man Ch ` ing , Dr. Yang Jwing-Ming , Benjamin Pang Leng Lo and Terence Dunn . Nor does it appear to be WU style or Chen Style T'ai Chi.David Carradine also makes a couple of statements that I find disturbing .1 . He says after you learn the basics , you are free to make your own style . This could not be more wrong . It takes from 18 month to 1.5 years to learn the basic form . Thenthree years of daily practice before you are just practicing the form correctly . You can spend the rest of your life perfecting the form .2 . David says if you miss practicing every day , do n't worry about it . Wrong again . You should practice every day , even if only for 5 minutes.If you want to learn T'ai Chi then a good DVD for beginners would be Terence -LRB- Terry -RRB- Dunn 's Yang style , short form . The long form is a bitmuch for beginners . Be warned though that the DVD appears to be a copy of Terry 's 1988 tape . The video of him performing the form is very bad , still usable however , but the instructional part is very good . I used it daily while learning the short form.Classic Yang Stylehttp : / / www.youtube.com/watch?v=dGBfmEocCoM&feature;=relatedWU Stylehttp : / / www.youtube.com/watch?v=QSqfKRJotW4Chen Stylehttp : / / www.youtube.com/watch?v=x0tc8IGYpfU&feature;=related
 This is a repackaged -LRB- and cleverly marketed -RRB- recycle from a guy who never learned what he is presenting . Now that he 's on the history channel this will probably get attention , but dont be fooled . If people with a casual interest in exercise and affinity for celebrities are motivated by this thats fine , but move on for anyone serious about learning the correct form , look elsewhere . You got ta love those satin pajamas though .
 This video is big on looks but is obviously designed to play to the gullible that think Carradine is the character he played on TV -LRB- some 30 years ago ! -RRB- He was a dancer , not a martial artist and this shows . Some of the dancers in the background cant even keep together , making this video really a joke . Some gratuitous plugs for his other videos are here this masquerading as instruction . Save your money !
 well , the Tai Chi may be ok but the LAME LAME outfits , bad music , 70 's hair really detract from the ability to concentrate on the exercise . My wife could hardly stop laughing . Also , not being able to see the feet of the person demonstrating is frustrating . It would be much better if some of the people demonstrating were facing AWAY from the camera as well as towards it so that you are n't trying to mirror what is going on in reverse . Very LAME .
 -LSB- For the record
 I am the greatest Fan of `` Little House '' and will always be . I liked the quality of the first 2 seasons . The picture was wonderful . But I agree with the rest of all those which are sensitive when it comes to a good picture quality . Since season 3 it stinks . I will not buy `` Little House '' any further unless they will do the next seasons over ! I 'd rather tape the episodes from TV where they are often better than on this DVD !
 Unless you like to watch things out of order i would suggest against this product the episodes are out of order and it 's very frustrating . to say the least i was not happy when i found out that the episodes were out of order .
 Everyone knows the show is worthy of a five-star rating , so I do n't care about the `` star rating '' in terms of the show itself . My one star rating is for the lack of closed-captioning . The captioning symbol is prominently displayed on the spine and the back of the dvd . Yet to my vast irritation and disappointment , the DVDs are NOT captioned . This is false and misleading labeling . I am extremely hard-of-hearing and I NEED captioning . This is infuriating . I do n't trust that the other seasons are captioned , so I will not be purchasing them . Let me make clear that Amazon is not at fault ; the fault lies with the fraudulent manufacturer itself . Beware of Lionsgate DVDs .
 In addition to the problems discussed by other reviewers , be aware that unlike Seasons 1 & 2 , and contrary to the advertising on the packaging , Season 3 DVDs are NOT region-free , but play on region 1 players only .
 Okay , here are the basic reasons I hate -LCB- do n't like -RCB- this season . For one thing , The episodes . In this specific season 3 they have the WORST episodes in this season . Here 's my theory . Season 1 & 2 were EXCELLENT . And this is the WORST SEASON SO FAR . And why did they put Bunny and The Race in the wrong order ? Take my advice , Watch BUNNY before THE RACE . I like sevreal episodes though like , To live with Fear is really good . But why is Fred -LCB- the goat -RCB- so annoyng and pathetic ? But it is really funny . And The Blizzard was good . I did not care to watch The Monster of Walnut Grove by the description , I can tell it does n't flow . Oh well let 's hope season 4 will be better . Oh I forgot , Bunny and the race are the BEST episodes from season 3 . Even though this season is hardly good at all , I am still a big little house lover .
 Just as I did with the Season 1 DVD 's , I bought this Little House on the Prairie DVD set after having read the reviews on Amazon.com , but not taking them very seriously.But the unlike the Season 1 set , Season 3 does have a few -LRB- and I emphasize FEW -RRB- good points . Which is why I rated this 2 stars.Although if it were possible , I would have rated Season 1 with NO Stars and Season 3 with one Star . Unfortunately , there is no such option . Thus , this is rated 2 stars , though I do n't believe it truly deserves that , and 1 star would have been more accurate . However since this set is marginally better than Season 1 , it deserves a better rating.This set was also a REAL DISAPPOINTMENT ! As I said in my review for Season 1 , poor Michael Landon would be spinning in his grave if he could see the horrible way that Goldhill Home Media and ImaVision Studios have handled the DVD release of his wonderful series.Michael Landon was a man of honor , respect and integrity , and he would be appalled at the release of these inferior and sub-standard DVD 's ! SHAME on Goldhill Home Media and ImaVision Studios!In the words that several characters on Little House on the Prairie have used , the people who released this shoddy excuse for a Season DVD set , `` should be horsewhipped ! `` These DVDs have AWFUL sound quality , and worse , no closed captions to help decipher the characters soft mumbling . There are MASSIVE scenes cut too!DVD 's are generally supposed to ADD scenes to DVD releases , in the form of including deleted scenes and extra scenes . Instead , these Little House sets not only do n't have added scenes , they are even missing scenes from the syndicated version!There are very few Special Features , nothing that stands out as really noteworthy . There are NO foreign language tracks , and NO commentaries by ANY of the stars like Melissa Gilbert , Karen Grassle , Melissa Sue Anderson , or any of the producers , writers or directors . I know that Michael Landon -LRB- Charles Ingalls -RRB- and Victor French -LRB- Isaiah Edwards -RRB- are both deceased , but they still could have included some previous footage or interviews . There are NO bloopers or other outtakes footage . The `` Special Features '' are just pathetic !! I hope someday another better studio will decide to re-release season sets of Little House on the Prairie , and then finally this classic will be given the respect and recognition it deserves .
 I am a HUGE fan of `` Little House on the Prairie '' ... I am very displeased with the complete season 3 ... First of all the episodes are not in the order they originally aired ... alot of them are out of order . The video quality of some of the episodes is very poor . For example on the episode `` The Monster of Walnut Grove '' especially the scenes at night are very grainy and almost like a reddish black color . The part about the dvd I am most upset about is there are 2 missing scenes on the episode `` The Race . '' They were edited out , but you ca n't fool a fan that has watched the episodes numerous times . There is a scene edited out where Laura and Mary are walking to school after Pa found out that Mary did some of Laura 's homework . Laura says to Mary `` sorry I got you in dutch '' and Mary responds `` That 's okay just beat Nelly Olson Saturday '' ... There is also a scene edited out of the Ingalls ' having dinner where Laura is only eating her vegetables to keep her weight down for the race . Ma ca n't wait till the race is over and things get back to normal , but Pa is happy because he can have Laura 's share of chicken and dumplings.To the studios credit they do seem to be trying to improve some things . There are now chapters in episodes so you can pick a scene without forwarding to it . And the pictures on the box and inside are pictures that go with that season . Earlier in season 1 and 2 they have pics that did n't even belong in that season . I still feel these sets are being put together by someone who knows nothing about the show and the fans live with the mistakes ! I am planning to write the studio with my concerns and I encourage other fans to do the same . I will also ask them if they want me to give them the correct order of episodes in Season 4 so they get it right . In season 2 and 3 they got them out of order .
 I grew up watching `` Little House '' first-run on NBC . I also watched re-runs with parts chopped out of them for years , and always hoped that someday I could purchase them uncut . The first two seasons on DVD were excellent ; it was like watching a different show than what you see now in the syndicated versions -LRB- and on the videos produced by Goodtimes , I might add ! -RRB- I was so excited!When Season 3 came out I expected the same uncut shows . Except for only a few , these episodes are exactly like the ones shown in syndication , with scenes and lines of dialogue missing , so I am quite disappointed . I would much rather have had the missing scenes than the opening music and scene indexes for every show . I will wait until I see some reviews for Season 4 before I buy it .
 What was this studio thinking ? The digital transfer quality on Seasons 1 & 2 is good overall . However , Season 3 is another story . It stinks ! Many of the episodes are bleached -LRB- color-wise -RRB- and blurred . Looks like they confiscated some used video-tapes and did a transfer using a consumer-end VCR with no digital enhancement other than adding chapters -LRB- one thing that was nicer than Seasons 1 & 2 -RRB- . And even the transition on some chapters is noticeablely chopped -LRB- almost like some one stopped the playback while still recording -RRB- . My guess is that the studio 's greed set in and they decided to accelerate the production timeline for Season 3 and get these out on the market at the sacrifice of quality so they bring in those $ $ $ faster . For such a wonderful series as this is , it is a crying shame to see such a low quality transfer to DVD as Season 3 is . I purchased Seasons 4 & 5 which I have not yet viewed . Hopefully they are not as pitiful in quality as Season 3 .
 Just wanted to add to my earlier review . When I mentioned episodes being `` uncut '' , I was referring to the actual show itself . Opening/closing credits and scene indexes are nice to have , but I would MUCH rather the shows have no scenes or dialogue left out . I consider an episode `` uncut '' if I get to see parts that are left out when it is shown on T.V. Most of the Season 3 shows are like the ones in syndication .
 He 's On My Mind is not a good movie . Sometimes poor camera work or a bad script can be excused when the acting is outstanding . Then there are times when everything conspires against a film.The acting , the script , and the camera work were all bad in this film . Every actor was reading their lines , or trying to remember what they memorized a few minutes before being on camera . Almost every actor had difficulty moving with grace and ease in front of the camera . The story was not very good at all , on the outside chance somebody decides to watch this stinker , I wo n't ruin the single worthwhile moment in the movie . The camera work was all bad handheld giggle camera.In a nutshell , avoid this film . It is n't funny , and it is n't interesting .
 Is it Sundance , that little logo I see on the cover ? Ten minutes into the movie I started searching for movie reviews to see if I was being too hard on this movie . Most reviews are pretty bad . Acting is close to horrible and obviously there was not alot of money to make this movie but still it could have easily been much better . Two stars is a gift . Wishing for the days of Love Jones , The Best Man , or Two Can Play That Game ...
 Ok the acting was horrible , it was definitely an amateur work but I guess exposure for the lead actress Sherial McKinney et al. . She looks so much like a younger Halle Berry , without trying but also seemed to try to act like her as well . the story reminded me of a cross between Boomerang with the Eddie cheating on her and coming back and it reminds me about a reverse role of the movie where the guy can read women 's thoughts . It does n't explain how that happened for her to hear men 's thoughts other than she woke up in the library and read a bunch of books . It was predictable in that you knew how the movie ended . I ca n't believe I watched this but I skipped through this after the first five minutes . I surfed the net most of the time .
 Outside of the attractive girl on the cover , this film 's storyline and substance left much to be desired . But I do commend the producers for getting it made .
 This movie was a waste of time . The acting was amateurish and the story line was very predictable . I kept doing other things on my computer just so the story could move along . I would n't recommend it to be honest . Spend your time on something else
 I saw better acting in high school . The production , the predictable plot , distractingly poor -LRB- over -RRB- acting , AMATEURISH!He 'S On My Mind
 I have found that it 's difficult to even pay attention to the content of this DVD due to the poor video quality . It 's not very often that one finds a DVD that looks like this . It 's as though someone recorded it from a non-HD tv station onto a VCR tape . There 's just no reason to have to watch video like this anymore . It 's also apparent that there must not have been second takes , as there are mistakes made by the instructor . Very disappointing .
 Without Adrien Brody 's timely Oscar win , this slow moving indie would not have seen the light of day . Brody is badly miscast as a NYC lowlife , a professional criminal who stages hotel robberies of dimwitted Asian tourists while wearing police getup.He meets and falls in love with a brilliant young college student , Claire and start an affair ... first she falls for him , he cheats on her to drive her away . Then she begins a frightening dissent into prostitution and suicide , while Jack -LRB- Brody -RRB- reveals that he really is in love with her.This probably makes it sound better than it is . The script is confusing -- is Claire a college freshman or a graduate student in Genetics ? This is kinda important , because we evaluate her character and her actions differently if she is a 18 yr old virgin -LRB- which is hinted at -RRB- or a more mature 22 yr old . The actress , Charlotte Ayanna , is very attractive ; she resembles Kimberly Williams -LRB- Father of the Bride -RRB- , but she is way , way out of her depth once the role calls for her to descend into mental illness and self destruction . There is no hint given why the breakup of this rather shallow , short term love affair would have her turning tricks -LRB- without condoms -RRB- on street corners or cutting her wrists -LRB- which is why we really need to know if she is a teenager or in her 20s -RRB- . Why is it inside of her that is so needy and immature ? We never find out.Adrien Brody , who is talented and handsome in an unusual way -- very thin , expressive face and huge puppy dog eyes -- is just completely the wrong physical type for the part of a sleazy down and out loser . I wonder what casting genius thought of this ? He 's so slight and frail looking when he puts on a police uniform , you think of a kid dressing up for Halloween -- it 's imposible to believe even Japanese tourists take him seriously . Some actors are handicapped by having a `` look '' that limits their parts , and Mr. Brody 's `` look '' screams aristocratic Jewish intellectual.It 's even more confusing when Jack is revealed to be a wannabe writer , who collects first edition books and reads Melville -LRB- apparently not any comtemporary writers , though -RRB- . This is the kind of unbelievable detail that just sinks his characterization . So is his amazing turnaround in prison , where he gives up crime for writing and * SPOILER ALERT * gets back together with Claire , the least plausible detail in the film . Why would she take this apalling cad back into her life ? And how did she recover from mental illness , a suicide attempt , lengthy stay in psychiatric hospital , and still manage to return to college , graduate and get a job in a medical lab ... all in two years ? Never mind . The filmmaker just wanted to tack on a happy ending ! But it 's jarring and inappropriate.Like most not-very-good low budget films , the main problem is n't the lack of big stars , loud music , computer graphics , car chases etc , but a BAD SCRIPT . The film actually has a nice gritty , unglamorized look to it , and the love scenes -- filmed in an arty , non-linear way -- are appealing . But the story is less convincing than some sci fi thriller with giant aliens.If you adored Adrien Brody in `` The Pianist '' , you might want to catch this just to see him in contemporary clothing , but otherwise , it 's a waste and very boring ... a movie that probably would have never been released if he had been passed voter for that Oscar .
 This is another one of those annoying movies where the men fornicate with everything that moves and the women who love these schmucks are depicted as shrill and clingy for being upset about it . But when the man gets totally unhinged by evidence of the woman 's infidelity this is somehow powerful and emotional . I really wish that Hollywood would stop perpetuating this insulting double standard.Adrian Brody was somehow compelling as the tritely written `` criminal with the soul of a poet '' . There were a few moving scenes that made the movie worth watching -LRB- `` I hate you '' . . `` I know '' -RRB- and some some of the other love scenes were touching and realistic as well . Pam Grier was great , as were a number of the other minor roles.Overall , a disappointment but with a few transcendent scenes .
 I want to say to all of you , I had every intention of liking this movie . I have a soft spot for Adrien Brody 's Bronx/Manhattan sadness . He reminds me of the good guys that I grew up with in Queens . He 's probably one of the nicest guys in Hollywood right now and I was thrilled when he won for best actor last year at the Oscars . But let 's face it : This film was such a dog ! You have to be desperately seeking art in any form to think this was even remotely interesting let alone entertaining . The only reason I did n't shut the DVD off in the first half hour was because of the respect I have for Brody.Yo , Adrien , be a little more judicious with the roles you pick and show a little more influence in who you costar with in the future , OK ?
 LOVE THE HARD WAY -LRB- LtHW -RRB- and TEN BENNY/NOTHING TO LOSE would be an appropriate Adrien Brody double-feature because both had me muttering `` Dumbass ! '' every time the protagonists acted like jerks . But do n't blame Brody ; he and the cast did their best with the material they had . LtHW was a shelved indie released to cash in on Brody 's post-Oscar fame . Alas , this alleged romantic crime drama proves that some unreleased films should stay that way ! Maybe something got lost in translation as German co-writer/director Peter Sehr and French co-writer Marie Noelle adapted a Chinese novel into a New York story with mostly American characters . Guess I should 've sensed trouble when antihero Jack -LRB- Brody -RRB- wears a snakeskin jacket obviously intended to make him look cool ; I could n't help thinking , `` Nicolas Cage called from the set of WILD AT HEART ; he wants his jacket back ! '' Brody looks hot despite the heavyhanded `` cool '' touches , which at least renders the film more watchable , as does LtHW 's striking use of NYC locations like the now-defunct Screening Room , where heroine Claire -LRB- Charlotte Ayanna -RRB- works part-time , and a former office building in the South Bronx that Jack and his partner-in-crime Charlie -LRB- Jon Seda -RRB- call home . Jack and Charlie 's world brings to mind the grim-and-gritty quality of 1970s NYC-set thrillers -LRB- or maybe it 's just the DVD 's dingy print :--RRB- . The guys support themselves with thievery and con jobs . Their female confederates play hookers luring unsuspecting foreign businessmen in posh Manhattan hotels , only to have Jack and Charlie bust in , posing as cops willing to accept `` bribes '' from the eager-for-secrecy businessmen . These scams are LtHW 's best bits , but then , I enjoy con games as long as they 're only in movies ! :--RRB- However , Jack supposedly has a poet 's soul beneath his streetwise demeanor , writing the Great American Pulp Fiction Novel in his spare time . He meets clean-cut Columbia University student Claire , and as the apparent opposites attract , the film turns schizoid . Despite his attraction to her , Jack realizes he and Claire are from different worlds -- but when he dumps her , the film stops being a grim-and-gritty crime drama and becomes a different 1970s-style film
 Let me start by saying the books are always better , so it would of been really difficult to out do the book . That said I thought the movie missed to many of the really important moments ; especially the more intimate moments between Bella and Edward . Some of those moments came in the way of emotions or `` looks '' between the two but were significant to the story , I felt those moments were quickly moved over or taken out altogether . The movie seemed rushed to me , especially for splitting it up into two movies . I love Twilight and the actors , but this was poorly done .
 The movie was n't bad . This is my favorite book in the series and I wad a little disappointed in the translation to the movie . A lot ... more than necessary was cut out . But the reason I 'm overly dissatisfied is there are no special features ... the documentry was cool . . thewedding video was a good idea in theory And that was basically it . This is the only twilight DVD without deleted scenes . Which perhaps is the boat disappointing considering what was cut out .
 Breaking Dawn sucked the life out of the Twilight saga . There is hardly anything good that I can say about this film . It is sad because I enjoyed Twilight , New Moon and Eclipse -LRB- especially -RRB- . The last installment ruined the saga . As for those who have given this film 5 stars , I 'd like to know what medication you were taking before seeing it . I sure wish I had something to ease the pain while I viewed it . It was needed.Since I 've slammed this film so hard , I feel it only fair that I list reasons why I hated it so much . Listed below are a few :1 . The movie drags on way too long . There is a wedding , a honeymoon , a pregnancy , a horrible delivery , a short battle and a death . Why do 6 scenes have to take over 2 hours ? As the movie finally neared its ending , it was hard for me to keep my eyes open -LRB- Perhaps not as hard as it was for Bella , but hard . -RRB- 2 . There was no joy in this movie . It was a `` downer '' . How the producer/director managed to make a honeymoon depressing is beyond me . Yet , it was . Take my word for it .3 . Many scenes made no sense . Throughout the Twilight series , the point was made that the vampires should not be seen in the sunlight because they `` sparkle '' . Right ? Yet , we have a vampire groom , his vampire family , and invited vampire guests -LRB- someone 's contact lenses looked like they were going to pop out of their heads -RRB- all attending a wedding that takes place outdoors -LRB- What idiot planned that ? -RRB- on a sunny day without any of them twinkling one bit . Now , that was a neat trick!Then you have a scene where blood is stored in the customary plastic packets at the Cullen household for Bella 's use . In New Moon , Jasper went crazy over a paper cut on Bella 's finger . Here , he is surrounded by packets of blood and just needs to leave the room when one is whipped out for Bella to drink -LRB- disgusting -RRB- ! Seriously ? 4 . Wolves look fake . Well , I did n't expect them to look 100 % real , but they looked a whole lot better in New Moon and Eclipse . They are smaller -LRB- almost the size of regular wolves -RRB- and in this movie they talk . Yep , you hear wolf conversations . I had to stifle a laugh . Why not have the wolves talk when in human form ? Seems like a better choice to me .5 . No chemistry between Kristen Stewart and Robert Pattinson . I know these two are supposed to be a couple in real life , but on screen they do not sizzle . They do n't even simmer . There is no passion . The only chemistry I saw between the leads was the friendship between Kristen Stewart and Taylor Lautner . I have to say the scene where Jacob dances with Bella and learns of her honeymoon plans was the best in the movie . It seemed real . They seemed to care about each other . Sadly , this took place about 15 minutes into the movie . It definitely was not enough to keep me from yawning the rest of the time it played .6 . The dialogue . I know the actors -LRB- especially TL -RRB- have been slammed by critics for their performances -LRB- for the most part -RRB- , but I can not blame them 100 % . I do n't think Anthony Hopkins could have delivered some of the lines they were given convincingly . A lot of the dialogue was just stupid .7 . The controversial , gruesome birth scene . It was disturbing to watch but not powerful . If this scene were true to life , there would have been hysteria , ear-piercing screaming , and probably violence . I think Jacob would have literally hopped over the table and lunged for Edward 's throat when all was said and done . Yet , none of the above takes place . The scene was not realistic .8 . Best characters hardly had a line . Why were Billy Burke and Gil Birmingham limited to a few lines ? Billy and Charlie are important characters -LRB- and enoyable ones -RRB- . They were lucky to have a couple of sentences between them . Very sad .9 . The end of the movie was depressing . I 'm not sure it was supposed to be . I guess some people enjoyed how it ended and are looking forward to the next installment , but I 'm not one of them . I came away from the movie with the feeling the leads all made bad choices , and , sadly they would have to live with them forever . That definitely brought me down.I would not recommend this movie to anyone , especially to teenagers . Moms , this is definitely not a movie that an impressionable teenage girl should see .
 This movie goes beyond bad It 's not even worth a rental at redbox . I love Vampire movies but this one is just a lot of tripe . Robert Pattinson has such potential and yet he makes such bad choices in movies . As for Kristen Stewart , she really should give up acting . Her razzie award nomination this year is the only award she deserves to win .
 Ever since I read the epic disaster that was `` Breaking Dawn , '' I have been eagerly anticipating this movie . It was one of the vilest , silliest , grossest books I 've ever read in my life , and I assumed that the movie would at least be funny . I mean , there 's a scene where Edward chews open Bella 's uterus!Well , `` The Twilight Saga
 This whole series is so god awful its becomes unintentionally funny . Some the horrible acting , the insane storyline , the most horrible interpretion of vampires I have ever seen , this has it all . These movies are best used to make your own Mystery Science Theater 3000 movie and just rip the movie to threads . The biggest laugh of all for me in these movies was it started with vampires attending high school and then hooking up with a teenager . So to boot , these vamps are pedophiles . More unintended comedy . Just avoid at all cost if you want an actual good movie . I recommend the Tru Blood series or the Buffy series for a good vampire show , but this , this is only good for comedy .
 I saw this movie for fun but did not expect it to be the worst in every aspect . Everyone including main and supporting actors need to re - evaluate their acting abilities and I know it is not their fault to a degree but breaking dawn was super embarrassing and painfully hilarious to watch .
 Whata waste of two hours . Slow story , predictable plot , and generaly all around waste of time . The first movies were stellar by comparison.It took two hours of a slow story for a marriage ... wake me when this one is over .
 ... this movie caused a vacuum bubble in my brain that took several hours to pop.The story itself is of course so devoid of intelligence , logic , wit and creativity that there are no words to describe it . OK , no news here ... Obviously , this material can not be accessed with the mind - I have accepted this fact.Since I 'm absolutely no fan of the series , that 's my first problem.The sheer stupidity and offensiveness of the book/plot have been discussed all over the internet for years now , so I wo n't waste any time on this.Instead , I 'll just focus on the film as a film - which is a complete disaster.It is slow and tedious , utterly harmless , the dialogue makes your hair curl . Forgettable soundtrack.Even worse , it is a cold , heartless affair , with absolutely no romance or sensuality at all - I had to listen to quite a lot of Marvin Gaye afterwards to get warm again.Even so , what enraged me the most is how it relentlessly rips off scenes from films that are a hundred times better than itself.My personal favorites :1 . when B. Swan and E. Cullen take their mumbled vows , the wedding guests seemingly disappear , leaving the two of them alone on the screen ... - stolen from `` Pride And Prejudice '' , Elizabeth Bennet and Mr. Darcy dancing at the ball at Netherfield Park - unbelievable ! 2 . chess game on island - stolen from the original `` Thomas Crown Affair '' , where it is sexy and mesmerizing . Obviously , this effect is not repeated here - why ? Because Kristen Stewart ca n't hold a candle to Faye Dunaway.Because Pattinson is a million lightyears away from Steve McQueen.Because the characters are in need of excessive therapy to cure their intimacy problems .3 . -LRB- the most outrageous one -RRB- Bella Bloody Swan opening her eyes for her regrettable return to -LRB- some sort of -RRB- life at the end - here the film bluntly rips off the last shot of `` Avatar '' , which I find particularly daft , since this marvelous movie is only 2 years old and every person onearth seems to have seen it - I 'm surprised they got away with that.There is not much more to say about this thing , since there is so little in it.It lacks any suspense , provides no intellectual stimulation , and there is no feeling or chemistry to compensate for those.It lulls you into a vegetative state . The film itself would have benefitted from an adrenalin injection into it 's heart . Or maybe venom , or orange juice , just any kind of fluid ... You could n't find any humor in it even if you watched it through the Hubble Telescope.It 's quite amazing how all the carefully contrived problems , scarce as they are , miraculously solve themselves . Of course , this has to be attributed to the workings of Meyer 's mind . Once again , I am in awe of the fact that something so dull and derivative can become such a success . What 's the matter with people nowadays ? The franchise resembles it 's creations
 Stephenie Meyer 's vampire-human-werewolf romance has captured the female demographic since the first book was published back in 2005 , and the film adaptations have understandably been a huge hit as well . The latest chapter in the saga , which amounts to the first half of the final book , debuted last November to the tune of over $ 280 million in domestic totals and a worldwide gross exceeding $ 700 million . By now , it 's well known that the Twilight films are n't very good , but that did n't stop hordes of fans from watching the marriage of Bella and Edward , the subsequent consummation of that marriage , and the ensuing complications that arise when a human attempts to birth a vampire . Even within the franchise itself , Breaking Dawn Part I is the worst , it 's slow , joyless , and loaded with unintentionally hilarious moments . But let 's be honest
 I love pop culture , so I was compelled to see this series through . Twilight -LRB- first movie -RRB- grade : B / Cool atmosphere , moody , High school drama , hip music . Twilight -LRB- New Moon -RRB- grade : A + / yes , A + . Twilight -LRB- Eclipse -RRB- grade : C - / covering the same ground with less style and worse music . Lot 's of close-ups of the two boys , all in anguish over Bella . Twilight -LRB- Breaking Dawn part 1 -RRB- grade : F / where do I start ? TV music , The silly wedding , honeymoon bla bla , then all the vampires stand around fussing about Bella -LRB- do n't any of them have jobs ? -RRB- Absolute drivel .
 MY previous review was deleted because some people marked it as spam when I was only giving my opinion . Just for the record ... I 've seen the first 3 Twilight movies & read the books ... SO I KNOW WHAT I 'm TALKING ABOUT . I 'm just not a fan of this one sorry . Too much hype over a movie . I understand it 's a fantasy , romance film , but I 'm not convinced sorry . It 's my opinion and I do n't believe it deserves 5 stars .
 I do not see what everyone sees in this saga . I actually walked out of the theater before it was even finished . The characters are shallow , the story is predictable and the overall feel is one of a teenage soap opera . I am a huge fan of vampires and this is definitely not my cup of tea .
 This is by far the worst in the saga . The story was not advanced in the least . There was no reason to make this into another movie except to waste time before the final movie . The wolves were poorly rendered and look fake -LRB- by today 's standards -RRB- .
 This movie took an hour to tell us that Bella and Edward got married.Then the next 45 minutes it told a cool story .
 This sucked . My movie turned green half way into the movie for 30 minutes . I missed the whole middle part and had to skip forward to see the next part . I dont recomend buying from the seller .
 Sucked ballz bad acting and everything ! I regret ever making my poor eyes watch this I do n't understand how this got four stars . What has happened to our generation ? If I had enough money I would remake all these movies with better actors and plot .
 You get a single disk with the Theatrical Release and a few extras . What in THE world makes this a special edition ? You do n't even know this is your lot until you open it and see it on the disc . : -LRB-
 Ever since I read the epic disaster that was `` Breaking Dawn , '' I have been eagerly anticipating this movie . It was one of the vilest , silliest , grossest books I 've ever read in my life , and I assumed that the movie would at least be funny . I mean , there 's a scene where Edward chews open Bella 's uterus!Well , `` The Twilight Saga
 I do not remember the last time I saw a movie so terrible , yet sat through it . I guess I am a glutton for punishment.The first Twilight movie was entertaining enough . I read the books after that . Bad writing but an entertaining story . Second and third movies got progressively worse , so why I watched this , I do n't know.Kristen Stewart and Rob Pattinson are not shy about how silly they think the books and movies are , and it comes through in their robotic acting . There is so little emotion in these movies it 's not even funny . But I guess not much emotion is described in the books , so what can the screenwriters do to create the emotions that never existed?The musical score was atrocious except for the reincarnations of the themes from the first movie , which Carter Burwell composed . I liked his work in the first movie . In this movie , though , I was disappointed.It 's understandable that with a teen love story , you want to spend time on the wedding and honeymoon . But save for the sex scene and the wedding toasts , neither part was remotely exciting . The wedding ceremony was visually pleasing , but again devoid of real emotion . It 's like someone drew a picture of what they wanted their wedding to look like and the producers went on that and threw some random people in.I just do n't understand how a movie can be SO BAD .
 I almost could not finish this one , it was long a drawn out . Really way to much drama , the psychic maid at the honeymoon suite was a little much . The entire first hour was like some bad romance flick . Even the last fight scene was cheesy . Reminded me of the old Batman fights I watched on TV as a kid . I managed to get to the end , what a waste .
 This movie was n't workth the effort it took to push the remote &#34; play &#34; button . I 've never seen much worse than this one .
 I just do n't get the infatuation everyone has with this movie . The actors are lousy , the special effects cheesy , and the story poorly told . To be fair , the book was not my favorite either but this movie took it to a new low .
 disclaimer
 I am sure it would have been great but I never got the dvd , maybe it got lost in the mail or something . Did n't get a chance to chase it down .
 ... but it 's a long two hours before they do.Breaking Dawn , the book , was unequivocally the worst piece of `` literature '' I 've read , and I 've read thousands of books in my life . So I was n't going to bother seeing the movie , as I 'd gotten the impression it followed the book pretty closely . But I was curious to see what the screenwriters -LRB- most of whom are probably still in rehab after being strapped with trying to adapt this piece of swill -RRB- could have done with it . Plus , I got a free rental . As it turns out , no magical healing powers of rewriting for screen could mend this debacle of fiction . Though I give the writers credit for at least trying , if only , as it appears , half-heartedly . For instance , they did try to put a Band-Aid on the glaring inconsistency Meyer dragged into the book about vampires being able to have children . -LRB- Meyer , hack writer she turned out to be , broke the Golden Rule of Writing by not sticking to the parameters she 'd established within her own fiction . -RRB- But this Band-Aid was merely a vague reference by Carlisle , I believe , as to it being rare but having happened before , and Edward using a Yahoo search engine . Hey ! Job done ! I 'm convinced , are n't you ? And nice cross-product promotion while we 're at it.They also tried - realizing the obnoxious and incomprehensible use of a name like Renesmee -LRB- pardon if I screwed up the spelling there , but does it even matter ? -RRB- - to make a funny scene of smirking and dubiousness by some of the characters when the name was introduced . Again , the attempt was half-hearted , and the scene fell flat . I mean , really , what COULD they do with that ? Nice try guys . Oh , but the `` love scene '' was good comic relief at least . When Edward broke the bed frame in the heat of ... . what was that ? Passion ? I burst out laughing and could n't stop ! That WAS supposed to be funny , right?Sadly , the remainder of the movie stuck all too faithfully to the book . The chemistry between Bella and Edward was truly dead . The characters behaved vaguely and out-of-character . -LRB- I suspect the actors were actually in a state of shock at having signed up for this project . -RRB- The romantic aspects were awkward and empty . And Jacob imprinted on the baby . Speaking of Jacob , just as in the book , he let me down . For , in the book , he seemed like the only one any sane , reasonable person could relate to , because he realized the insanity of the situation and what needed to be done to fix it , and yet in the end , he became a victim of the Body Snatchers , too.Invasion of the Body Snatchers and Rosemary 's Baby ; this movie carried similar themes to both of those films . It 's too bad the writers did n't just outright abandon the idea of trying to keep the lovey-dovey nonsense in Breaking Down and just aim for a horror film from the start , because THAT might have worked . As it was , it ended up being a horror film anyway , just not the right kind . Horrified is the word I would use to describe a film that was all too clearly used by Meyer as a platform to promote her anti-choice religio-political views . It was like watching a public service announcement on the subject , it was so heavy-handed . Perhaps even more appalling were the other themes presented , such as pro-domestic abuse -LRB- or at the very least , pro-turn-a-blind-eye-to-it advice -RRB- , pro-anorexia , and pro-arranged marriage . Some people have referred to the imprinting of Jacob and the baby as bordering on pedophilia . I think maybe that 's overstating it a little . But there 's no denying the disturbing implications of the adult Jacob exchanging a meaningful we 're - meant-to-be-mates-someday gaze with Bella 's newborn infant . Truly shudder-worthy . And do n't even try to argue that the wolf imprinting was n't about mating , as the Tweens , in their denial and blind devotion to Meyer have tried to do . I 'm sickened that the studio would invest in something aimed at young adults that contained so many twisted and disturbing messages . Then again , looking at the not-so-special special effects , they did n't invest that much . There were moments it felt like I was watching the CW.It 's sad to see the 5-star reviews for this . 5 stars ? Really ? -LRB- Although , it quickly becomes noticeable how brief those reviews usually are , having not much to support the rating . -RRB- I have to wonder , though , if these people have ever seen an actual good movie or read an actual good book in their lives , or else they 're just not very discerning in their tastes and judgement . Sadder still is that publishers and Hollywood pander to this indiscriminate demographic . : / I was going to add an extra star for the costume designer 's wedding gown creation . It was very lovely , and I know they had no guidelines to go by , considering that Meyer only bothered to describe it in her book as ... what was the word ? `` Gorgeous '' ? Oh yes , that was helpful . However , I have to take that star right back because I was continually distracted throughout the movie -LRB- which may have been a good thing -RRB- by wondering what was up with all the Cullens 's hair . It appeared to me as if they were all wearing cheap wigs . I 'm not sure if they were or not , but I kept noticing it , so ... Then again , I am giving the second star right back for one wonderful addition to the movie that occurred as an addendum during the closing credits
 I always felt I favored the movies more than I ought to have , beause I liked the books ! ` Twilight ' managed to work with it 's indie edge and haunting score , and the ` new moon ' as well as ` eclipse ' movies told the story well enough . My vivid imagination had envisioned a more handsome Edward , and definitely a more beautiful Bella , in an understated sort of way , but looks are subjective and I was keen to embrace the actors finally chosen . They were never going to be oscar contenders , the acting could be bad at times , but all in all , these movie adaptations worked ... until now.I 'll start with the positves , but they are few and far between . I realized right away that Carter Burwell was back as the composer . The score was wonderful ! Even the soundtrack managed to send us back to the beginning with ` flightless bird . ' The outdoor setting was a more romantic option than the indoor book version , but they should have played Wagner as the book indicated . This is where the criticism begins.The low back number was a bad choice of dress for a virgin Bella . Anyway , she was supposed to light up , and be in ` awe ' of him , when she finally saw him waiting for her , but instead she looked constipated , or maybe she had a case of diverticulitis ? There is no getting around the bad acting during that isle scene . Then came the stupid , piontless , time wasting , drudgery of ridiculous speeches . It 's then that I realized the wedding was over , and I had been left unmoved.Then came the honeymoon . They are somewhere in a hot tropical island and Edward never sparkles , ever ! Then there was the small matter of the love scene . Oh dear ! Years ago when I watched a movie called ` like water for chocolate , ' a movie where the couple love each other all their lives since childhood , and when they finally get to consumate their love , all we see is him going up to her , blowing the candle , and a few wimpers of passion in the darkness . I remember feeling the emotion of that scene , more than I would scenes of half naked movie stars , in explicit love scenes . My piont is , this was the scene we 'd been waiting for , and it lacked creativity . The ` cold mountain ' scene is another example of an anticipated love scene that worked . The fact that apparently the actors are dating in real life and there was zero chemistry in all the honeymoon scenes is quite sad . Do n't even get me going about , the broken bed and bruises , because the less said about that the better , but again , poetic license , was unused , no creativity , no power of suggestion , nada ! Then , to srtetch out the story , They keep playing chess , again , and again . I know it 's on the cover of the novel , but we got the inference right away , we did n't have to have it spelled out to us.I ca n't quite put a finger on whats wrong with this movie . the pace is wrong , that 's for sure . They completely missed out on Jacob 's witticism when the story gets told with him as the first person . He was hilarious . Instead what was laughable was the telepathic wolf scene heard in different voices . Good Lord ! It apprears to be the same screen writer , so perhaps asking her to stretch one movie into two parts , just to cash in and be like ` Harry Potter , ' is what went wrong . Maybe the editing , or the director not getting the essence of the story . Someone should be blamed for this pile of crap!The monster baby ! Theres a scene in the movie ` boomerang , ' where Grace Jones gives birth in a freaky commercial . The similarities were uncanny . Well , maybe not , but I hated it as much . And though I did n't know at what point this first part would end , I was hoping Bella would die anyway and then surely , the movie would have to end , and I would be put out of my misery . Thankfully , it ended soon after , a good thing because I could n't have taken much more . Uurgh !
 I bought this movie because I loved the books and when the movie came out in theaters I had a newborn baby so figured I would just buy the movie and watch it at home . I was so excited to finally see it but it skipped and would n't play some scenes . I was extremely disappointed .
 ok , so i bought this the other day and it came in the mail WITHOUT THE DVD SLEEVE THAT GOES OVER THE CASE !!!! i am outraged !! it 's the best part of the set ! i called the author and her rep said that she has no say in the matter ! NO SAY ?!?! SHE 'S THE FLIPPIN AUTHOR !!!! all i can say is it will be a cold day in New York the next time i purchase another Twilight DVD !
 Just horrible you would think from all the money they make that the quality would be better but nope you would be wrong its horrible the story isnt good and it feels like they did n't know what to do so they just tried to make the puzzle pieces fit
 Do n't get me wrong i 'm a twi fan but ... I got this one from walmart not target . Target was nicer but more expencive . The box is deceiving !!!! I beleived that it would be all cardboard almost like a hardcover book like all the other twilight gift sets . Not so !!! The white case you see in the picture is just hard paper almost a dustcover for the dvd thats inside which looks just like the 13 dollar dvds you see in the store . All thats `` special '' about this version of twilight dvd is that it comes with a fabric poster , that you ca n't hang with scotch tape but will have to nail to the wall or frame . Frame not included . I 'm a collector and have all twilight gift sets from target and was VERY disapointed with how cheap this one was . NOT worth 40 dollars ! Wait until both parts get put into a combo pack .
 ** 1/2If you 're developing cold feet at the prospect of tying the knot - especially if you happen to be human and your intended a vampire - you may want to avoid watching `` The Twilight Saga
 I loved the books , and I really like the movies , but I can not believe the stuff that was missing from this release . No deleted scenes , a handful of interviews with the actors that we have all already seen on various interviews already released . Yes , I enjoyed the making of documentary , but felt very cheated that that was all ! I will really feel ripped off if they release a bunch of deleted scenes and stuff with a boxed set when all the movies are released to DVD . I can understand holding some stuff back ... but none , come on !
 I am fortunate in the fact that I rented this . I am however , unfortunate in the fact that yet again , I wasted my money . I have slogged through both the books and movies in this series in an attempt to understand the fanbase -LRB- many of whom are my friends -RRB- and have come away feeling like I have done nothing but waste my time and money . The good news is that because I rented it , it was cheaper for one and I had the option of fastforwarding through vast portions of this yawn fest.First of all , this movie is of course only part 1 of the last book , although I agree with most reviewers in stating that the book really does n't have enough substance to qualify needing two movies since most of the dialogue in the first portion of the book -LRB- before the climax -RRB- , is internal.About the only good thing I say about this movie is that the backdrops are elaborate and visual eye candy -LRB- especially since the rest of the film is boring -RRB- . The acting is stilted -LRB- but I guess I ca n't expect much when they have crappy books to work with in the first place -RRB- and very wooden . This is n't much of a departure from any of the other films.The wedding was obnoxious . The overextended kissing scene was unnecessary . The honeymoon portion -LRB- which I know takes up a lot of the first part of the book -RRB- was so boring that I ended up fast-forwarding through it -LRB- hey , there was no real dialogue , so why do I need to slog through it ? -RRB- . The special effects for the ` wolf pack ' are laughable . Are you seriously telling me that with the special effects the movie industry possesses and with the vast amount of money that this stupid series raked up that they could n't afford DECENT SFX to make the wolves believable ? Especially when you consider that the werewolves do n't even mimic classical werewolves , but instead look like overgrown wild wolves ! I do not think it would have cost much more or been that difficult to make them believable.And oh , the birth scene . . It was graphic in the book , I think less so here , honestly , but still gross . This portion really only serves to scare the crap out of underage girls from ever wanting to have sex . It was like watching a really demented version of `` The Miracle of Life '' . I personally think it would have been better -LRB- in both film and book -RRB- had Bella died and the story continued with her daughter and Edward.And do I even need to go into how entirely wrong and/or disturbing it is that the teenage werewolf `` imprinted '' on a newborn infant ? Pedophilia comes to mind . . also , lack of free will on the part of the imprintee.Also , baby Renesmee -LRB- stupid name , BTW -RRB- = creepy!There is just so much wrong with these films -LRB- and the books -RRB- that I ca n't understand how anyone could give any of them more than 2 stars . And to be honest , I think you could probably find better things to spend your money on .
 The reviewers are right ; the Twilight Saga series are poor movies . It 's hard to see how even teenagers could enjoy them , and impossible to see how anyone else could . Alright , the werewolves are cute , but I 'm perfectly happy to watch `` Beverly Hills Chihuahua '' , or Airbuddies , when I want to see cute talking dogs.All four of the series so far drag . There 's little plot , and little action . Long periods of time are spent in adolescent mooning , and in smooching . Half of the little tension there is , which is n't much , is concerned parents acting mildly concerned . Two brief fights and two brief episodes with speeding vehicles occur per movie . The Jacob vs the Vampire thing is way overplayed . The young male werewolves in human form are corny . It takes the couple four movies to manage to get married , and at the end of the fourth the baby is barely born - at the cost of the life of the mother , who is brought back as a vampire at the very end of the movie , for those who spent four movies wondering if and when that would happen.Some vampire chiefs in Italy who are mean for no apparent reason , not even because they are vampires , mush in and out of the action pointlessly killing people for no reason at all , not even vampire reasons . For instance , a young girl was made a vampire to build a big army of vampires to kill the seven member vampire family . She alternately hides from the fighting and participates reluctantly in the action . The vampire family try to rescue her . The vampire chiefs kill her in order to prove that they do n't give any second chances . Neither killing the girl nor the reason given to do so make any sense . Her death does n't contribute in any way to the subsequent plot , nor to the general mood , except to the general air of insanity and depression . It does n't even figure in subsequent thought or discussions about marriage . Of course , I did begin doing housework because I knew that whatever was going on when I left would be exactly what was still happening when I came back in five or ten minutes - and I was n't disappointed even once.An entire village in Italy that allegedly drove out the vampires , actually permit the chief vampires to live in a castle in their midst and visit them to become vampire food . Not a whole lot of this movie makes a whole lot of sense.Throughout the movie we hear those much vaunted songs that are sold on those much vaunted sound tracks ; they have no melody and no rhythm , and would appeal to only to a 16 year old enjoying a long bout of mooning depression.After learning that Indians are werewolves defending their tribal territory from vampires , and seeing the seemingly endless chain of new vampires being created everytime one of them feeds , which we 're given to believe they do constantly , it makes no logical sense that there are still humans on the planet . But not alot about this movie makes any logical sense.The entire movies could n't appeal to anyone but mooning 16 year olds with depression , and would n't appeal to most of them.Honest to God , having spent three evenings and part of a Sunday watching them , I am now depressed.I definitely wo n't be running to the movie theaters to watch `` Endless Depression '' Part two!Parents whose teens go wild about this movie might want to have their mental health professionally evaluated .
 I know I am not the film 's target audience . Whoever the filmmakers are , they are not making the `` Twilight '' saga for a forty-something male , who is not a big fan of the vampire / romance genre . But when Bill Condon , director of such films as `` Gods and Monsters '' `` Kinsey '' and `` Dreamgirls '' is to helm `` The Twilight Saga
 This movie took so long to get anywhere I thought I was going to fall asleep . I actually think the first one was better and that 's saying something , since it 's budget was way less than this one . Maybe they should have not made it two parts , then the honeymoon would n't have made me so sleepy . I guess I was hopeing the films would get better , the books were n't bad , but this movie proves there not going to .
 The wife and I enjoyed the previous movies but this one was just total garbage !! It 's as if someone handed the movie over to a bunch of 5 year olds and was like have fun ! I think this is the first movie I 've Red Box 'd that I felt ripped off for paying $ 1.50 . I know everyone has they 're own opinion and I respect that but the fact that there are people out there that think this is good cinema scares me !!
 The kindest thing I can say about this film is that at least Edward looks less like a mime than before . Bella is as expressionless , dull-witted , and boring as ever . Jacob is the heart of the entire film ; without him , there would be absolutely no redeeming qualities to this movie at all . The end was surprising in that -LRB- warning
 I was SO anticipating this last in the saga that is TWILIGHT !!! The eternal lovers Edward and his Bells would at last be united in holy matrimony.I desperately wanted to feel majick * in the air , emotions running blood red hot , unbridled passion , heart wrenching torment , unspeakable angst !!! But alas , what director Bill Condon conjured up for us was non-existent majick , less than passive emotion , tepid angst and above all ; bridled passion.I was wondering why i was having such a difficult time writing this review ... It 's because i have never been so dispassionate before about writing a review on TWILIGHT ! My disappointment runs deep my friends!It seems as though the powers that be went out of their way to make everyone in this film look extraordinarily unattractive . In my humble opinion everything from hair and make-up to clothing choices was all wrong!Why was Kristin Stewart 's Bella made to look so matronly and dowdy ??? Even on her wedding day she seemed far less than the perfectly deliriously happy bride ??? Why did she appear to be even more skeletal then usual ??? Why did Rob Pattinson 's Edward look so pathetically emaciated , weak and wimpy ??? Why did they chose to make Edward look so not sexy with those crazy screwy eyes ??? Where was the deep emotional connection of love between Edward and Bella at the wedding ceremony ??? Where was it at the honeymoon ??? How did the set designers manage to make even the most anticipated honeymoon of all time , on Isle Esme , look drab and unromantic ? You have to really go out of your way to make a tropical paradise look so unmemorable.Bella 's pregnancy was the most incredibly gray and drab and miserable period of time that i have ever witnessed . Where was the unbearable tension angst and sorrow during the heart stopping conclusion of pt . 1 ??? I could go on and on but why should i ??? Even so , I can see a glimmer of hope in those shocking BLOODSHOT red eyes O_O of Bella 's . Maybe i 'll be able to sink my teeth into BREAKING DAWN pt . deux ; after all and find redemption and closure at last.BITTER * spits her sip of champagne ...
 this dvd is a complete wreck , i cant see a damn thing on it . . im so upset i wasted my money on such poor quality . i am returning to get my money back . im so disappointed i love amazon but this really pissed me off .
 Please note
 I loved the other Twilight Movies but this one is just dull . If you ever read the book you may remember that about 75 % of the book was about the wedding , the preparations , and the honeymoon . It was very drawn out with little real content unless you 're into romance novels then you might have found a little more to be interested in . But to make a movie out of that book you could have thoroughly covered the entire book in a single movie . When I heard they were making this a 2 part movie I was dumbstruck as to how they would find enough content to do so . Well they did it by making lots of drawn out panoramic scenes showing dreaminess and all that you would expect out of a medium quality home wedding movie.For as bad as this movie was there 's very good potential for the second movie . But this one I would say you could crop it down to 30 minutes and then you 'd have a decent Breaking Dawn Part 1 .
 Most of these films have been somewhat entertaining but I have to wonder what the point of splitting this book into two parts could have been , other than to sell more tickets . There 's almost no story here . Edward and Bella get married and have a baby . That 's it . What was the point of dedicating an entire movie on that ? And the only people who could find it engrossing are pre-teen girls who know nothing about marriage or babys . This should have been left as a footnote to the larger story from the book . As ONE film . Not two .
 This movie was terribly acted and the story left much to be desired . Very slow paced . I guess it keeps pace with the others in that regard .
 I know they think we 'll love the two Twi-nerds cavorting on their honeymoon but it really does n't move the story forward .
 While I did n't mind the first three , they had enough action to overcome the poor acting to make them mildly entertaining , and enough plot to make me want to know the final outcome , this particular movie was mind-numbingly dull . Awful . I imagine the finale has to have action , but judging on the trailers I 've seen where all of a sudden &#34; Bella &#34; is a martial arts expert and is shown to be more powerful than age old vampires ... uggggh ...
 I received this movie in mid November , I choose to watch it for the first time today and when I put it in my laptop to watch it , there was NO picture to it . It is just a pixelated mess . I honestly wish I had not purchased the movie because it is no more than a paper weight ...
 No vale a pena . O sistema de entrega &eacute; muito dispendioso . Fui taxada em 78 reais por uma encomenda de 15 d&oacute;lares .
 I 'm pretty bummed about this version , the special additions to this package do not include any extended scenes , outtakes , or deleted scenes.I do n't think the promoters of the Twilight Saga truly understand the fans will buy the movie , on a simple disc with nothing else on it without marking it as Special Edition which insinuates there 's something special , or different than the ordinary version?About the movie itself I give the MOVIE 5 * 's I think it 's awesome . For those who hate it remember this is HALF the book . So we only got half the story it 's a huge cliffhanger all that 's missing is the ... to be continued at the end . Do n't hate until you see the 2nd half.I 'm for sure glad I preordered this at a discount , because had I paid full price I 'd have been pretty peeved .
 The movie was not an enjoyable experience for me . I could not follow the plot . So many speed bumps and detours . The other twilight movies carried me , they flowed with true thirst quenching heroic tales of passion , action , and romance . This movie just did not do it for me.It was just so disappointing . Its like waking up one day and finding out that your wife is cheating on you . I was a fan and now I am not . I have lost that loving feeling .
 I 'm not sure which they are asking to be reviewed here so ill review both.Viewing the movie through Amazon was excellent as always . The movie stopped only once which was most likely a bandwidth issue at my house since everything connects and streams over wireless . MThe movie was horrible . Long and not much action our much to the story . Hopefully part 2 has a lot more to it .
 Not a very good movie ; acting is poor , lacks action . I was a big fan of the books , and this movie is disappointing .
 i didnt . so here are some more words to make this actually be able to submit i think the movie was probably bad .
 Coming from my girlfriend who has watched them all ... Very cheesy and boring compared to the others . Total waste of my time .
 feature disc worked , but movie disc did not!had to take a refund & borrow the movie from a friend.I was very disappointed & sad.Sorry !!! I will put on my wish list & hope to get for Christmas .
 I would like to review the movie , yet after checking in my library multiple times , it never arrived , so I have nothing to review except bring ripped off by Amazon . Sure , it was only $ 1 , but it 's more about the point .
 Breaking dawn was a major disappointment and waste of time . The picture quality was not up to par . HD quality subpar .
 The actors in these films have the opportunity and the audience to make something incredibly unbelievable at least feel genuine , and I 'm disappointed that they do n't have the ability . CGI and colors are pretty great though , so there was that ...
 This one was not nearly as good or innocent as the others . Kind of a dark dtheme and way too much sexual content for kids .
 Whilst the movie itself is OK . Disc one of this 2 disc SE had a chip out of the centre . I was still able to play this movie , however I know over time this will deteriorate so will not be playing too often.Special Features - not happy that there were no deleted scenes , though the ` making of/special effects ' documentary was really interesting .
 Loved this first 3 . . this saga was slow , bad acting . How this could be rated PG 14 is beyond me . It was pathetic . If this had been the first Twilight series , I would n't have watched the rest . A a grown adult ... -LRB- albeit a wolf -RRB- imprinting on a baby ? SICK
 The bedroom scenes during the honeymoon was interminably long . Similarly , scenes showing Bella pregnant were interminably long . Effectively there was no storyline around these long scenes . Some enjoyment could have been experienced if investment had been made in the storyline . Bottom line is this movie is not worth seeing .
 I have never been so disappointed in a purchase . The movie was green and by adjusting my TV I got a little color , but at best it looked like Sepia . I realize now that what I purchased was used and a rental , but maybe you should have reviewed the movie before selling . $ 11.44 , really ? I have returned it and expect a refund , but it really was a waste of my time and my excitement to see the movie again was depleted . I really do n't think you -LRB- Amazon -RRB- want customers to know that this piece of work came from you so I will not check the box to label it .
 IF i would of knowen that the blu-ray dvd would of not worked i would of not order it and save my money !! But I LOVE the twilight breaking dawn part 1 and i can hardly wait for the part 2 .
 THIS IS A FIRST FOR ME . . BEEN BUYING ON AMAZON FOR MANY YEARS , AND THIS TIME WE GOT A BAD MOVIE.GOT FOR DAUGHTERS BDAY AND THIS IS NOTGOOD.DISAPPOINTED . . MOVIE FREEZES UP , AND WO N'T PLAY FROM BEGINNING.WILL RETURN.I HOPE THE SELLER WILLTAKE MY RETURN .
 Of all the Twillight Movies so far this is the most boring one of the lot . I Just hope part 2 the final one of the series is a lot better .
 i was super excited to watch the movie . imagine my suprise when i opened the package & noticed a huge crack in the disc
 This must be one of the worst of the movie series . The movie needs to be renamed `` Breaking Yawn '' . Go watch Kristen Stewart in Wonderland instead . Her performance was amazing in that much better movie .
 Too much was different about this movie compared to the previous twilight movies . Parts were draged out that shouldnt have been , parts , the sets were different than in previous movies ... itwas directed differently and in a way i didnt cafe for . Some scenes were twilight meets csi even!i didnt like that at all . Depressing and gory!Imust sayithink this film shoul win awards for themake up and special effects but the humor in the movie and everything else was too far off base . Thisdidnt live up tomy expectations in the least.iwas dissappointed by this film . Id have liked the style tohave been the same as it was in the previous movies . I canat least say the story stayed true to the books .
 I was really looking forward to the movie , I have gradually been drawn into the Twilight appreciation society by fanatic wife and two children , but to be honest I was very disappointed , it did just did not get going , my wife who has read the Breaking Dawn book assures me the rest of the story will be much better , so I suppose I will look forward to that , but found Part 1 very ordinary ...
 Unfortunately the options of `` no stars '' is not in existence . This crap does not even deserve the one star . If you thought the books were bad , you were dead wrong . Horrible acting , disgusting plot line and forced action -LRB- which does n't exist really -RRB- .
 Nothing worse than seeing a good subject like Vampires turned into a joke . When you have great shows like Buffy or Angel or True Blood or Vampire Diaries , the bar is set high . So when I saw this movie and others , I have to say , I was bored with the script . All the drab acting by the three leads and the horrible action set pieces.I know little girls or Big girls who think this is a good romance movie but all you have to do is watch one of the above Vampire shows to see that this and the other Twilight movies are made for people who do not like intricate plotting and love glittery vampires . This like Pirates of the Caribbean and those hideous Transformer movies are over-bloated messes that makes tons of money.Of course , this does not mean it is good because it makes a lot of money.Challenge yourself people and stay away from this .
 SOoooooooooooo boring , a shameless copycatting of Deathly Hallows and Avatar . Breaks this midwife 's heart to see such a horrific and totally unrealistic representation of conception , pregnancy and birth . This is simply an awful .
 I regretted spending money and time to watch this lousy movie . Better off taking a nap than wasting time on this
 This is NOT what you will get when your order comes in . It is just a regular 2 disc special edition . Not the white box made to like like Bella 's dress . Not collectors edition at all .
 The story line is n't the greatest , and the acting just sucks . No one can take Bella seriously with her three facial expressions the entire movie
 It was my wife 's turn to pick a movie . I would rather get my teeth cleaned than sit through this . On the good side , it was only 99 cents . Sparkling vampires are lame .
 This movie regressed back to what the first movie was with a sappy , very cheesy , love story that is really boring . Hopefully the next one will get back to the fighting and action . That is the main reason , I personally , prefer the Underworld series to this series . Less love story . More action !!!! I would give this movie .25 of a star if I could .
 I really liked the first three Twilight movies . That 's why this one was such a disappointment . It 's incredibly boring . Nothing happens except a wedding , a honeymoon that took forever , talking wolves -LRB- cringe ! -RRB- and a little confrontation at the end . This should n't have been a movie , but cut down into a few scenes and part of a bigger movie with more going on . Really disappointed I bought the DVD . Wait until it is bargain priced or buy it used , or just rent it and save your money , if you really want to see it to get the whole story . Not much `` story '' to get here except a few things , though ...
 I was really disappointed in this latest edition to this series . It was just a so , so movie and at times actually seemed kind of boring . I have all the previous movies and liked each one of them , but this one is bad . Because of this movie , I do n't think that I would waste my money to purchase the next part when it comes out . Save yourself some money on this and do n't buy . I highly DO NOT recommend this one .
 The others were so good but this movie was quite disappointing . It seemed to draw out with no real purpose other than the wedding . Certain aspects of the movie seemed cheesy like the wolves talking . In my oppinion it just did n't seem well done .
 I started watching Twilight because of my gf , I thought they 're `` OK '' , but this one is horrible . The whole baby thing was weird.And I noticed in so many scenes where no one was talking ! Just pure silence !! o.OI usually like this kind of movies , about Vampires and all that . . So I started watching Vampire Diaries , it 's waaaay better ! From Acting/Actors , to music , to quality ! Anyway , this is a Twilight review , and here it is .
 Only bought this to watch and laugh . The acting/writing is absolutely horrible and pretty much nothing happens so clearly they only split it into two movies for the money .
 I 'm sorry but I just do n't find myself enjoying teen angst movies and this movie is just overloaded with &#34; angstiness &#34; ! I enjoyed the special effects and the action but this movie was just outright depressing . I could n't help but wonder if the actors are wondering &#34; When does this end ... I need to move on &#34; . If you 're home on a Friday night and want to know what happens with the rest of this saga , then watch it but do n't expect to walk away &#34; satisfied &#34; . I plan on watching the last movie just to find out the answer to the following question &#34; What the hell did the big kahunas see in Bella ? &#34;
 Looks like my package was sent to some Florida address and not the California one I gave you . Maria at mmarinez@ymail.com .
 Boring , stupid , no action . Only problem is that you have to see this movie in order to understand Part 2 .
 This is the kind of stuff that makes you think our cultures are killing off the last bastion of good taste . This stuff is reprehensible day time soap garbage . Not a damn thing worth saying here except that people who yearn for this stuff and live for it need to be dumped on an island . Cull the herd . I can not even believe this is what is popular with kids today . Why ? Because marketing , TV , and whatever the hell else have convinced these morons that this is what they want and need . Never has their been a time of worst taste in the mainstream except the mid 80s . Never . Even then it was forgivable as the decade was pretty much lost anyway . We should know better . The TV has inundated people with this stuff and their minds are so vacant and susceptible that they think these kinds of films and books are somehow any good . The acting is awful , the direction pitiful , and the whole thing just reeks of cold-hearted sleaze .
 I was shocked by how the tone in this installment had shifted . It is almost as if the director was out to make fun of the film he was creating . The wedding toasts , really ? Gah ! Embarrassing to watch . The dialog was stilted and the acting was soap opera'ish ' . Poor Taylor Lauten seems to have been given the worst direction . What happened to the breath taking scenery ? Even the scenes shot on the honeymoon were nothing special . Parts of the film looked like a television series while others , most notably Edward and Bella leaving in the Volvo for the honeymoon , looked like a car commercial . I really hope the second installment is better but if shot the same time as the first , there is little hope for improvement . What a shame . This whole series could have been something spectacular if one great director had stepped up to helm all of the installments , like Peter Jackson did for the Lord of the Rings films .
 The art director in this film deserves some love for creating some very cool houses . The house owned by Dr. Carlisle and his vampire brood is to die for . Also when Edward and Belle go to an island off the coast of Rio de Janeiro for their honeymoon , their rented beach house is terribly romantic . But who knew that when vampires make love they destroy their bedrooms . This must get expensive if you have any sort of love life.Anyway , after much angst , Edward and Belle do get married but while on their honeymoon , she gets pregnant . This is evidently a big surprise to all concerned . A little research would have suggested it was possible so maybe some vamp size condoms would have been appropriate . We also learn that vampire/human babies grow very rapidly and very aggressively . After a short gestation period , Belle appears to be doomed if she goes ahead delivering the baby she definitely wants . She ca n't be talked out of it.Jacob enters the picture again as the uncomfortable 3rd wheel , refusing to go away even after Belle is married and preggers . Most of the movie is the usual moody , sullen , gloomy looks given to each other . I 've seen better acting on those Mexican soap operas . I was hoping at least for the spawn to be some horrendous monster configuration but nope , she is the most adorable baby you 've ever seen ... and seems to have made an imprint on the jilted Jacob . Now that sounds interesting . Will Belle live ? I do n't know , but I do know the final chapter of the series is due in the fall of 2012 . The version of this movie I had was a Blu ray but for whatever reason only had the 5.1 Dolby Digital soundtrack . Other versions should include a DTS HD Master Audio 7.1 . The picture is excellent and is presented in a 2.40:1 aspect ratio .
 I had waited to see this movie , had a little time , got all ready to watch , and it would not download . Tried several times-no luck . Still waiting to see movie .
 I should have listened to all of those who read the book and said how disappointed and pissed they were and should 've never watched the movie . Despite of all the warnings , I still went ahead and watched it , I guess because of all the anticipation . Let me start by saying , Breaking Dawn was a disappointment in so many levels . The reason I fell in love with the series was because it was so romantic and magical ... there was not much of that in Breaking Dawn.I 'm just pissed with how much Edward and Bella changed , the wedding , the honeymoon , the pregnancy -LRB- according to Meyer this could not happen -RRB- . Thanks Stephanie Meyer for killing all my imagined magic this Sage might once held for me ... The baby 's name
 The point of this whole story is how important it is to have a weird boyfriend . I had the displeasure of watching this movie with my wife , and decided that its not that I `` just do n't get it '' . No , I get it completely . They tell of a girl that has it better than most middle class families . She is having a magical adventure , that if it was n't for the sex this movie would only be for preteen girls . But all of this is my opinion .
 I was not impressed with this installment , and the ending was just blah !! they could have made this more exciting . I bought the movie and I 'm going to return it and buy it used . the wedding scene was nice , but the movie went downhill after that , I was really looking forward to the scene with the Volturi and it was not in the movie !! . I hope the next saga is much better than this crap they churned out .
 This movie . What to say about it . After seeing it last night , it 's not bad , it 's not good . It 's just boring . From what I read from one critic , he said he was laughing at parts that were n't supposed to be humorous but other than Bella 's dad who got some funny lines and her back being broken , I found nothing funny . The two action scenes near the end would 've been nice but they take place at night and the way the action is handled makes it very hard to make out . There are quite a few things that are n't explained such as how can the werewolves all of a sudden `` talk '' in their beast mode if before they never displayed such an ability ? How can Edward , who is essentially the living dead , produce sperm in order to get Bella pregnant ? And I do n't know if this is a plot hole or if this was explained and I missed it but why does Carlisle keep human blood at the house when his group of vampires drink animal blood ? Up until now the werewolf/vampire treaty has never been broken so I would n't think he 'd keep it there for an emergency but like I said I do n't know if that ' t something I missed myself or if that 's a plot hole.If you saw the trailer than you pretty much got what happens in the whole film which itself is padded out with repetitive exposition -LRB- such as everybody stating how dangerous the baby will be -RRB- and several unnecessary flashbacks and dream sequences . In fact , other than ripping off another , more highly successful film/book franchise in splitting their last film in two & more money , I do n't see how there 's enough material to even support part II that they could n't have fit in here . Even for Harry Potter , the last movie split in two is a money ploy and I 'm pretty sure , fans of Potter and Twilight alike , would 've sat through their respective final films as a whole . Not even Return of the King was split in two and it 's probably longer than both parts of Deathly Hallows & Breaking Dawn put together.Nothing interesting happens , Bella essentially gets what she wants without learning anything . She has n't evolved over the course of the previous films , she 's remained the same and , other than a few cuts and bites , she has n't suffered to get where she is now . I 'll probably get a lot of flack for this but in Lord of the Rings , Frodo suffers by carrying the fate of the free people of Middle Earth . Harry Potter suffers practically from when he turned one when his parents died and in the subsequent films/books , his godfather , friends and headmaster die for him . What happens to Bella ? She falls in love with a vampire while playing on the emotions of the perpetually shirtless werewolf boy . She was almost killed by evil vampires in the first one , got emo and suicidal in the second one after Edward left her and some people died and were turned into an army to kill her in the third but she did n't give a crap about any of those people who disappeared/died even after learning they were turned into vampires in a plot to kill her . In this she gets married , has awkward sex , learns she 's pregnant with a horrible CGI baby and gets turned into a vampire through sheer convenience of the plot . The acting from all three leads is pretty bland , even Lautner who I previously said was the only good actor for movies 2 & 3 , is rather bad . The background vampires of the first three films get actual stuff to do while the background werewolves are split in two factions . One is out to destroy the abomination that is Bella 's child while Jacob -LRB- even though he tells them to go away -RRB- leads two others for some vague reason but they 're hardly featured so I did n't care if they lived or died.So Twilight fans are probably going to love it , regardless of the problems that have existed since film one . If you 're not a fan , do n't see it . This is n't the worst film that I 've seen this year -LRB- here 's looking at you Green Hornet -RRB- but as the first of a two-part finale it does n't feel like it . Other than this vaguely hinted vampire war , this film does n't build up to that until an after thought , after credits scene with the Legion of Vampires . The author could 've actually done five books .
 This movie is absolutely terrible . The worst one they have made so far . *** Spoiler Alert *** The wedding scene is brutal , the honeymoon scene is weird , the birth scene is grotesque , and the werewolf council is laughable . Not that this movie storyline is believable , but getting lost in this story is not even an option -LRB- and I think it was in the previous movies -RRB- . They have a chance for redemption in Part II , lets see if it comes to be .
 First off I saw this and had low expectations . I felt the book was too long with little happening , so deciding to split it into two movies seemed like a bad idea . That aside , the movie was better then I was expecting -LRB- as the star count show I was not expecting much . -RRB- The movie is a really well done representation of the first half of the book ; which unfortunately just drug on and on . Die-hard-fans well be pleased with it and happy to see it cut into two . The rest of the world would no doubt prefer a cut down to one movie , as four hours is way to much screen time for the little of interest that happens . So to the movie itself , with little spoilers : Visuals : Filming was good and clean , nothing amazing , but good quality and bright colors . I immediately notice the change in filming locations . I 'm not sure what brought on the choice to move from the NW -LRB- Oregon , Washington , and Canada -RRB- to Louisiana , but it was obvious . The wear-wolves are still sub-par graphics . The CG is alright , but stands out as computer work and throws you from the immersion of the film . The few quick shots of Renesmee when she was older were very well done . They did a great job of making it look like the exact same person years apart , it will be interesting to see her in part 2 . Audio : The surround sound was weakly used , which in pathetically unacceptable these days . It was not much better then stereo . The general audio was clear and clean , but it seemed poorly mixed . The music was good , but not as good as Shore 's score from the last one . Getting tired of every movie having a different composer and thus feeling different . The wear-wolf telepathic conversations sounded horribly corny . That whole scene was laughable.Overall : They continue the tradition of destroying characters that you liked in the first book/movie . New Moon and Eclipse brought you to the point of hating Edward , Bella , and Jake , Breaking Dawn starts attacking lesser characters such as Alice . Jasper also lost his Southern accent he picked up for the second half of Eclipse . The wedding was over done and the birth scene was underdone . The climax scene was much better in the book . Unless you are a Twilight Fanatic I advise renting it at the most , but most people could miss seeing this movie and not care . If you insist on buying it , wait for the price to drop , and who knows they may package both halves together at some point .
 I enjoyed the book and I really tried to like this film , but I really think this was the worst movie I 've ever seen . It was slow and choppy . The director for this installment is not a great storyteller . The low point was the talking wolves , and the high point was when the credits rolled because the film was done .
 Five Stars ??? People actually gave this movie five stars ??? What film were they watching?The is the first movie , in my memory , that made me cringe because it was so campy . I guess that 's to be expected considering how bad the book was . Who was the brain trust that thought a hack writer like Stephenie Meyer would make a good producer ? If she had been a good producer , she would have had the studio hire Catherine Hardwicke to direct . At least Hardwicke kept the story moving along in the original film . If Bill Condon had been smart , he would have let them use the name Alan Smithee on the credits . -LRB- Look it up . -RRB- The biggest problem with Breaking Dawn is there is n't enough material in the entire book to make one movie , let alone two . The dialogue is bad ; the story is weak ; and the teenage angst factor has been overplayed to the __ nth degree . Kristen Stewart is a good actor but you 'd never know it from watching this ilk.I 'm grateful that I did n't pay money to see this in the theater , and even more grateful that I did n't pay for the DVD . Too bad I still had to pay to watch it on pay per view.Save your money . If you really want this DVD , wait for it to hit the discount rack . I 'm sure you wo n't have to wait long .
 As a true Twilight fan , it was hard for me to come away from this movie and admit disappointment . I just could n't believe what I was seeing - or , should I say , WAS N'T seeing . I found the whole thing to be benign and forced .
 but this one really disappointed me . I enjoyed the second and third entries in this series . The first movie did n't move me much at all . But this one I found to be even worse than the first . And I genuinely did n't want to be of that opinion . I had heard negative things about this movie , but wanted to give it the benefit of my doubt ; the way I do with almost everything receiving negative hype . In my experience , the negativity is almost always overstated , and things are n't as bad as people tend to be saying . Sadly , that is not the case with this film in my opinion.Firstly , I should point out that I 'm normally a fan of films like this . I 'm a male , but I really do enjoy a good love story . However this film felt like almost pure fluff . And the story was n't sensible to begin with . If you had never seen another Twilight film , you would be utterly lost while watching this . Most of the CGI was obvious and overdone . Plainly put , the film focuses too much on the more trivial parts of the story , and tries too hard throughout.Part of what 's wrong here is that this is where the storyline begins to break down in the arena of common sense . If you 've ever been in a truly loving relationship , you 're going to spend the entirety of your watching experience wondering why Bella 's made the choice that she has . She loses her entire life in order to be with Edward , but does n't seem to be any more needing of him than she is of Jacob . As an example , Jacob is called upon by Edward within the story to try and help Bella , because he has a deeper connection with Bella than Edward can understand . And had she chosen Jacob , the penalty to her reality would have been much less severe . This and many more flaws in the realism of the storyline make this hard to take to heart . It does n't help that the scripting was terrible in most places.The argument between the wolves was almost impossible to follow ; due to some very poor sound structuring . The birth scene was overly grotesque for a movie that spent half of its time focusing on a wedding and honeymoon . The vampires are no longer shimmering in this film . And ... clearly , I was not pleased with a great many things about this film.If I had to point to a redeeming quality about this film , I would point to the imprint moment . And it was supremely heartfelt and moving . Again though , had I not known the storyline before watching this , I probably would n't have understood what I was even seeing . But do know that the imprint moment is excellent . This would have been a one star review otherwise . Even if you strip my feelings about the shoddy storyline away from this review , the direction of the film is still uninteresting and sloppy.I sincerely wanted to like this film . But I did n't . You may feel differently . And that 's to be expected . But I consider it appropriate to give my honest opinion in all cases . And , in the case of this film , my opinion is n't a positive one . There are better movies to spend twenty dollars on . Even when this is a five dollar film , there will still be better movies to be had . Watch it if you must -LRB- most will still want to , and I get that -RRB- . But do n't say I did n't warn you that this one really is worthy of passing on .
 Usually I am entertained by these movies but I just wanted to fall asleep . Not a very meaty story line .
 Okay , let me sum this up for you people out there . One , vampires do not glitter in the day light ! Second , vampires are not emos/preps . Third , vampire movies do not get their music from teeny bopper bands !!! Fourth , anytime you have a different director for each movie , the next movie will show the same mistakes as the last one . There is no consistent leadership . Fifth , if the vampires in a movie do n't scare or intimidate you , it equals FAILURE !!!!! Lastly , a real vampire movie would be `` Interview with the Vampire '' , `` Fright Night '' or `` Nosferatu '' -LRB- which are true classics of vampire movies -RRB- .
 What `` Breaking Dawn '' adds up to is a watered-down version of a godawful book . It does n't have the audacity to be as godawful as the book . It does n't do much of anything . It 's just `` meh '' . The wedding scene drags out interminably , to the point where you wished they had climbed out the window and eloped . The South American scenery is beautiful but the honeymoon scenes do n't come close to being interesting . About the only thing remotely interesting is Bella 's nightmarish pregnancy ; her post-delivery transformation is a big yawn.Characters ... what characters ? After planning the wedding , perky little Alice has nothing to do the rest of the movie . Emmett 's and Jasper 's parts have shrunk to the point that if were n't in the film nobody would miss them . I liked Seth in the book but he 's not developed enough in the movie . And Leah , who was a feisty character in `` Eclipse '' , is just plain pathetic in this movie . Rosalie is semi-convincing as doting auntie , and Taylor Lautner gives a pretty good performance as Jacob , although his imprinting on a newborn had me retching . Actually , Kristen Stewart gives the best performance in the film ; we can almost feel her pain as whatever is growing inside her is eating her up from the inside out . Billy Burke gives his usual understated , standout performance as Bella 's dad . And Robert Pattinson , as usual in this series , just looks gorgeous without making much effort at acting.The movie tries to improve on the book in spots and fails abysmally . There 's an unintentionally hilarious scene where all the wolves have a big pow-wow in dubbed English . One almost wishes they would bark and howl with subtitles translating what they were howling about but that might have been even funnier . And the big transformation scene , which is the linchpin of the book , looks like a poor imitation of some scenes out of `` Fantastic Voyage '' . But since the book had Bella lying like an inert lump and never twitching an eyelash while she was being burned alive internally , I guess all the movie could do was show her lying like an inert lump . It just is n't very interesting to watch.So what we have to wait for in Part 2 is Bella being a very well-bred newborn , Jacob imprinting further on Renesmee , and the climactic battle scene with the Volturi in which everybody stands around yacking and then turn around and go home . I 'll pass.Judy Lind
 I have no clue why I let the hype get to me to watch this . Ugggh !!! The Book is sooooooooooooooooooo much better . Why are people buying this ?
 This girl has absolutely no talent whatsoever . Her acting makes this awful movie even more unbearable . Do not watch this !
 Disc didnt read ... my blu ray player sounded liked it wanted to eat it and spit it out for hummus ... nice gift for valentines days amazon ... right on point ...
 This was a total let down ... they all stood around tocollect their money . The first half was about their marriage , the second half about nothing ! Yes , she die 's and isbrought back to life as a vampire ! Who could have guessed?This was a total lame movie , very little action and mostof it done by special effects . No acting , just empty words.Must be for the younger stupid impressionable kids .
 I predicted it in my review of the book
 Ever since I read the epic disaster that was `` Breaking Dawn , '' I have been eagerly anticipating this movie . It was one of the vilest , silliest , grossest books I 've ever read in my life , and I assumed that the movie would at least be funny . I mean , there 's a scene where Edward chews open Bella 's uterus!Well , `` The Twilight Saga
 as if there is not enough lameness out there . see the way i know about this my sister gots the movies . and what let me get this straight a lame actress married a lame actor . there in no point . to it at all .
 After suffer all the twilight movies -LRB- so far -RRB- for my wife -LRB- she insist on go the movies and watch this . . things . . -RRB- i can say , with all honesty , this saga is one of the worst craps i see on film.There are only two ways to watch this , one is laughing loud of how awful this is , the other is seeing thru the eyes of a thirteen years old girl.I dont see how this movies making money , i just depressing . Now , if you want a few laughs about a bad movie , super creppy -LRB- sort of handsome -RRB- young actors , really misoginist script and you really really hate womens , this is your movie . Dosnt hurt if you really hate vampires too , because this movie really take all a vampire should be and turn them into the gayiest people on earth , really any creature of the night must be ashame of been in any way related to this travesty . Anyway , a movie is as good as is screenplay , and in this case , the lack of it .
 Well , let 's see , how do I describe this latest installment in futility ? Awful ; no that does n't do it justice . Mind-numbingly boring ; well , we 're getting closer . How about the biggest waste of 2-hours plus in my entire lifetime -LRB- and I 'm a little long in the tooth -RRB- ? On the nosey . I am darn near speechless at just how awful this movie was . Not much has changed . Well , Bella and Edward now talk in barely audible whispers ; before they just grunted at one another.Eduardo and Bella -LRB- Lugosi -RRB- get married . Finally . He looks just as transluscent as he ever did . Bella , well , she has more screen presence than a rock ... but has n't mastered a turnip -- just yet . Edward did FINALLY manage to do something with that hair . As usual , every whisper , every look , every nuance these two characters have , you would think the fate of the earth rests on the outcome . They float through their wedding vows and after-party . Taylor Lautner -LRB- the werewolf -RRB- finally shows up , and he and Bella have a b * tch fight about lord knows what . Hopefully , by the next picture , Lautner 's sac will have dropped because he was BY FAR the biggest woman on the screen . To see him on screen playing this beast who 's supposedly in love with one of the main characters is the ONLY touch of comedy through this gawd-awful POS.Come honeymoon time , it seems Eddie and what 's - her-name finally knock boots and she 's pregnant -LRB- and GROWING -RRB- in two weeks . Who knew ? Honeymoon interrupted , they jet back to the northeast so Bella can look like a cadaver -LRB- her BEST moments -RRB- and the werewolf clan can run around and howl . A lot . And a reason for Bella to show she can now be frail and speechless . A lot . Also , some of her better moments.I rented the first movies in this series . I actually watched this one on the movie screen . What was I thinking ? All I can say is , I hope the Mayan 's are right and the world ends before the release of Part 2 . I 'll take the vampires and other things that go bump in the night of the Sookie Stackhouse books -LRB- a/k/a True Blood -RRB- anytime . At least they do n't take themselves soooo seriously.P.U .
 This is movie is so bad that 's it embarrassing to watch . I was sitting there with my friends and having to laugh at the HORRIBLE dialogue , the lack of face expressions and the pretty lame graphics . And for two people who are `` soul mates '' , they sure are awkward around each other . The chemistry is forced and most of the scenes do n't make sense . There is no flow and if you did n't read the book you 'd be confused -LRB- just like in New Moon and Eclipse -RRB- . The book Breaking Dawn was pretty bad but the movie is just a joke . It makes money because it 's Twilight . Hot guys , Romeo and Juliet love , vampires ... people eat such things up . But there really is nothing special about the story and it takes what 's awesome about vampires out of the story .
 All the girls that find this series makes them wet down under will all die alone surrounded by cats . I rather watch Newt Gingrich talk about the economy for 72 straight hours . On the bright side makes a good interrogation method for terrorist . Although it may be too inhumane .
 I only went to see the movie to make fun of it later . Good Lord , if not for the pervy old ladies sitting behind me doing their own Mystery Science Theatre 300 , I woud have slept through it . Bella was not the least bit happy on her wedding day . I thought she was supposed to be over-the-moonin ove with Edward . Then , an eternity of pointless filler later , Jacob had become a pedophile . Why did his pack kill him for that and why did n't Bella or Edward do something about it other than being proud ? I have to admit watching Bella get slowly killed was the only interesting thing . What is it with Stephanie Meyers and ruin great buid up with stupid little things such as the `` imprinting '' ? Would it have been so bad for a bloody battle scene or hey maybe some sexual tension between the stars ? Why is gorey violence okay but not pg-13 sensuality ?
 Seldom do I see movies that are profoundly , intrinsically reprehensible . Breaking Dawn was one of those movies . It 's the sort of film that would-be abusers and pedophiles probably dream of ; and so tedious that it will put the rest of us to sleep.This movie consists of three main events
 a bent and twisted book put to film . rotten acting and screenplay . meyers world is a joke . the only reason this movie made money is because the education system has gone down the toilet and people cant read anything complex .
 I simply thought it was lacking in many ways . The whole movie was like watching a long ending and nothing more than that.I am glad I only paid two bucks to watch it . Now not interested in watching the second part .
 I watched the first three and each declined in quality as they came out . The actors have aged quite a bit and look very different now and that does not help the horrible script or the silly performances . I mean , the joke is over and no adult could possibly find any reason to watch the next one . UGH !
 A wonderful example of putrid morality . No wonder our children are bringing guns to schools and shooting people . Because their ignorant parents let them watch this smut . Growing up in a deluted liberal world where killing people is the cool thing to do . This is so much more offensive then hard core porn . Edward finds some secret powers that let him speak to the devil baby . Bella feels much better after a blood milkshake . Then she dies , but Eddie saves her by biting her all over her body ? Wedding bullcrap , although I 'm sure I would like it if I was a fourteen year old girl . lol
 I was very disappointed with the prop flowers . I had expected actual flowers preserved inside an acrylic block . What I got was a cheap plastic flower that can be purchased at any Michael 's Crafts sandwiched between two sheets of plastic . It is completely tacky looking . No wonder they do n't show a picture of this ; I would never have spent the extra money had I known it would be so tacky . Way to disappoint and gouge money from the fans , Summit !
 One of the worst movie adaptations of a book ever and I 've seen the movie adaptation of Eragon . This was a truly horrible movie . If I had n't read the book and paid for the rental I would have turned it off .
 I got the box today , and yes I do understand that you do n't get a real flower in the box , but I expected at least a flower that looks at least a little bit like the flower on the picture . My flower is absolutely not anything like it . Not even remotely . Really sad that I spend money on this.If you want Breaking Dawn , just buy the regular dvd/blu ray or the other special edition . Stay far away from this one !
 Twilight , Breaking Dawn , Part 1 continues the tale of Bella -LRB- Kristen Stewart -RRB- , a young girl with a truly agonizing life . Facial expressions nearly non-existent , she has struggled through her teen life in Forks , WA with Bell 's Palsy and has been unable to convey her emotions . Particularly her love . This makes life especially difficult because she finally made the choice between necrophilia and bestiality . She decided to marry Edward -LRB- Robert Pattinson -RRB- in Eclipse , dropping Jacob -LRB- Taylor Lautner -RRB- like a bad habit , and this is where BD begins.Until the wedding - beautiful by the way - it was unclear whether or not Bella also had Irritable Bowel Syndrome . Perhaps Bella does n't , but Kristen Stewart portrays the character that way . It became very apparent during her walk up the aisle . Personally , I think Stewart was going for nervousness , but it definitely came across as a stomach-twisting case of Montezuma 's Revenge . The undeniably best portion of Stewart 's performance was when she was a prostrate corpse just before change-over . Although there was a glimmer of hope when she had a gruesome spinal injury that made me think she might possibly channel the only successful acting performance of her career fromCake Eaters . Meanwhile , Pattinson continues to evolve as an actor , appearing to show true anguish , pleasure , and contentment throughout various plot arcs . Lautner does little more than fulfill his contractual shirt-removal obligation once or twice.Despite the subject matter , the drama in BD is relatively toothless . Bella gets pregnant on the Honeymoon - a sequence that was rumored for months to be steamy but instead is ridiculous - and the baby grows like Robin Williams inJack . Naturally the undead baby in her womb presents a certain `` Superman ca n't get a human woman pregnant '' - dilemma , and complications arise . As Bella battles for her life , the vampires and werewolves position for a showdown over the bundle of joy/abomination . After such an improvement inEclipse , it 's shocking so much gets worse . The directing change from David Slade to Bill Condon was a horrendous choice . Where Slade succeeded , Condon utterly fails . Condon is too singularly focused , and leaves nearly everything else out . The subplots for other characters ? Gone . The tightly filmed battles between vampires and werewolves ? Gone . The film regresses to the ubiquitous staring contests . And do n't even get me going on the hokey , molecular-level view of what 's going on when Bella transforms from dead-acting to dead . When one of the two characters carrying a film literally breaks their back in the film , perhaps it 's analogous to why someone incapable of carrying a film should n't be asked to do so.Ultimately this was a tribute to the teenage girls who have made Stephanie Meyer rich . The breakdown is A -RRB- Love scenes , B -RRB- Pregnant Bella turning so skeletal she almost dies , C -RRB- An animalistic birth that almost kills the mother . Had I known I would have watchedBasic Instinct , The MachinistandAlien . The average movie fan will not like this film ; the Twilight fanatics will continue to shriek like little girls .
 I have n't liked this series from the very beginning . Unfortunately , I have been subjected to each movie by my wife so , alas , I have seen it . There are so many bad parts about this movie it 's hard to know where to start . That being said , I 'll go chrnologically : Let 's start with the wedding . Yes , yes , it was a lovely setting and everything , but I have once rather important question . If the wdding is taking place in the middle of the day why are none of the sparkly vampires SPARKLING ? I hate the whole sparkling vampire schtick to begin with , but at least stay true to the storyline if that 's the backstory in the books . Then , at the reception , why did I feel like I was watching a bad sitcom with the various cheesy toasts?Fast forward to the honeymoon . This was your stereotypical happy honeymoon couple doing honeymoon things . I wo n't go into the wedding night thing because honestly it was n't all that remarkable . So he broke the headboard and in the morning the room was trashed . Big deal . Yet , once again , they'e playing around in the middle of a sunny , cloudless day and nary a sparkle from the sparkly vamapire . I guess they burned up their special effects budget on the CSI/House biology sequences . Then , when Bella discovers she 's pregnant , some native woman starts babbling in hr native tongue , only there 's no translation -LRB- at least not on the copy that I watched -RRB- so no one has any clue what she 's even saying since Edaward does n't bother to translate for Bella.Back to Forks and now we 're treated to Bella starting to look thinner and more ghastly . Interestingly enough , my wife remarked about how much better Kristen Stewart looked in the beginning of the movie compared to all of the other movies . My explanation was instantaneous , having already known the plot
 I am a big fan of the Twilight series love the actors , have read the books more than once , own all 3 previous movies and the music as well ! I find them to be all have great qualities in different ways if you expect from them what they are - fun , campy and fantasy , however , I could not have been more dissapointed in the Breaking Dawn movie - lacking in romance , the long awaited sex scene was a yawn , so much of the book was just missing and it was so disjointed it left me with an empty feeling ! Can we have a do-over ?????
 I love True Blood , Vampire Diaries , and many other vampire movies and series , but for the life of me I can not like this movie . It 's pathetic . The acting is at most , marginal , but the wolf is n't that bad . At least he 's trying . But the two main characters are so stilted , wooden , and bland , it kills the movie . Save your money and just read the book .
 Anyone with any taste , or respect for the movie -LRB- and writing -RRB- industry , would not waste their money on garbage like this .
 This movie was the worst of all the twilight movies . there was no appealing aspects of this movie what so ever . dont let your GF talk you into this one .
 I dont have a job , so my girlfriend gets to decide what we spend money on . After being forced to watch this I sent out a dozen resumes and have had two interviews so far . My plan is to have something locked up before the second part of this nightmare , of a mostly guy on guy threesome , comes out .
 ok I 'm an older gal compared to most of the twilight fans , -LRB- early 40 's -RRB- but I read the books and liked them . Not ashamed to admit it.I watched the movies and liked them too . Except for this one . I do n't know what happened . The story line while pretty exciting in the book was just so boooring and drawn out . The acting while never Oscar worthy was especially bad in this one , unfortunately you kinda have to watch it in order to follow the story line .
 This is one of the worst movies I 've seen.I know it 's sort of the `` in '' thing to hate on Twilight , and there are good reasons for that . It depicts an abusive relationship between two unlikeable people who have absolutely nothing in common , beyond a sort of warped physical attraction , and tries to convince the reader that this is romantic . It 's been called misogynistic , classist , racist , and ableist , among other - ists , and transphobic . Stephanie Meyer tries to set up her own vampire mythos , which is fine , but then she contradicts it whenever it 's convenient for the plot . We could talk about all of this , and more , and many have , but as far as I 'm concerned , it all boils down to one thing : It 's not entertaining.I only ask one thing from a movie , and that 's to be entertained . It may be cerebral , or melodramatic , or a big , dumb action movie , but as long as it 's entertaining , I do n't care . This is why I love Ed Wood , adore The Asylum , and count `` Birdemic
 The TWILIGHT series is definitely a guilty pleasure -- at least , the first three books are , and the first three movies are at least fun , in a `` this is really stupid on screen '' way . I only WISH this had been so bad it was funny ; I can always use a good laugh . But the movie BREAKING DAWN commits the worst sin there is for a movie
 I tried to watch `` Breaking Dawn Part 1 '' , but the movie was so boring , I had to fast-forward through it . There was one good moment though
 Best two hour nap of my life . I am impressed that someone was so able to channel the psyche of 14 year old kids into book and film format . Give me back my vampires !! The OC ca n't have them .
 The acting is so bad and the pathetic heroine -LRB- if that 's what she could be called -RRB- really beg the question . Why are these so popular ? Belle 's character is so emotionally weak and clinging it is really sick . What does this movie say to young women ? Nothing of value as far as I can see .
 I 'll be short and to the point .1 . As bad of a writer as Meyer is , even she could n't destroy the vampire stories to come . That goes for the actors in the movies as well . Rocks have more talent .2 . I like how it mirrors the HP fame . Part 1 , Part 2 , Pattinson , exc . I mean come on , really ? 3 . Honestly people , you 'd waste less time by just setting a $ 10 bill on fire , than going to the theatre .
 I love when films trash culture and make superheros true wimps . Folks , you and I would take this film along with your braincell casualties for what the price of admission is worth.Plot ? Ehh ... let 's just say this makes Lesbian Vampires seem like a ride on a Unicorn at a run-down carnival ran by drunk clowns woh beat their customers to death.Feature number 1
 witness such a tragedy!Saddens me to see such monstrosities released on DVD!Oh but it horrifies me to see it on Blu-ray ! To see Bella 's stone face in HD is like running into a tree!To see Edward 's sparkling chest truly scrambles one 's brain into a mess!Such overrated trash is not meant to be seen , but quality no longer needs to beam . How easily one can see the stitches on the seams . It seems that good movies in 2012 are naught but a dream !
 Twilight the gayest thing in this world . I 'm so tired of these stupid movies . Ca n't wait for them to end .
 If you 've read my review of eclipse , than you know how I rated this one . I thought that this series would 've actually grown a brain and a half , and now I 'm convinced as all hell that it wo n't happen.Breaking Dawn Part 1 is another 2 hours of wasted time with virtually no storyline , and still continues to mock and humuliate the Underworld series in every way possible with sparkly vampires and werewolfs that are suppose to be hideous and not gentle . Basically this piece is about teen marriage , sex , and what happens afterwards . The birth scene that this movie shows hardly brings any real power , and -LRB- spoiler to those who have n't seen the whole movie -RRB- they make the movie fade to the end credits like they did with Avatar.Again , I do n't understand how most reviewer 's are giving this 5 stars . I wonder what they took before watching this . As far as movies go going out 2011 , this movie is not just the biggest embarassment of the year , but the biggest embarassment in the history of mankind . Another thing that had me going WTF is that this feature did a Harry Potter and The Deathly Hallows and is split into 2 parts . Honestly , I think they 're trying to cash in with this movie in the same way that Harry Potter 7 parts 1 and 2 were done . Despite what they 're doing with Breaking Dawn , this movie along with part 2 -LRB- and this is a guarantee -RRB- will still embarass themselves further , and will be no where near as great as Harry Potter 7 was . I ca n't wait till this series finally finishes itself , so then that way in 20 years from now someone will say team edward or team jacob , and I 'll be saying team what.Years from now , the people giving this 5 stars will soon realize how dumb this series is , and will eventually ultimately leave their books and their movies to collect dust .
 I only watched this because I heard Part II was very good . Part 1 was very boring and bad acting continued .
 Vampires suck ! Watch : Vampires Suck , then watch `` Twilight '' ! This `` Twilight '' movie looks more exciting than all the previous movies . However , I 'm NOT a fan of this movie series because the characters look so cheesy . Movies often look this way when they try to bring an author 's world into reel world.In this movie , the wolves still look like computer animations being pasted on a green movie screen and still look unrealistic . Lead actress Kristen Stewart exercises her facial muscles more often than usual , she smiles a little more than usual , makes more noise , and she seems to say more words ! Bravo ! Good job , Kris . Not that she was too quiet before , but somehow that Bella character demeans the actress herself ... OK , whatever , I just find Edward repulsive!I intend to edit this review at a later time , if I can find the time ! LOL!Recommended viewing : Vampires Suck
 When the Twilight series first came out I was delighted . I squealed like a little girl and went to the movies to see it at least a dozen times . I cheered and was in love with the characters . The epic baseball scene I replayed over and over . In fact , when it came out on DVD I rushed to Blockbuster to get it . New Moon had the same effect upon me . How could Bella treat Jacob that way ? How could she choose death over being with a human , er...wolf-like being ? I will not lie , I was angry when she completely blew him off in Eclipse and then teased him with a kiss . I thought there was a chance that she would begin a love affair with Jacob ... but that is the background of this review.Breaking Dawn lacked action . It lacked suspense . During the 1:45 minutes of playtime I patiently waited for something moving to happen . Little did I know was that I had to wait until the very end for anything remotely entertaining to happen . The talk of the `` fetus '' took over the entire movie . We see Bella , ill and sallow throughout the last hour of the movie . Jacob finally grows some balls and stands up to the leader of the group . This is a spoiler to those who have not seen the movie , but Jacob imprints on the infant ! Not only has Twilight turned from a choice between beastiality and necrophilia but is on the verge of well , you know . My question is why an entire movie was wasted for Bella to give birth when at the very beginning of the movie she falls pregnant quickly after her honey moon and even quicker after that sported a large pregnant belly . Did I miss something ? When Bella says `` That 's impossible , '' it pretty much floored me too.The acting in Breaking Dawn part 1 was poorly done . I have gotten used to Kristen Stewart 's breathy responses to anything people say to her , but the movie seemed soap-operish . I am so glad I decided to just rent the movie instead of downloading it for the 14.99 . With that said , Amazon , can I have my 3.99 back ?
 The cardboard male and female are back ... and still ca n't act . The only thing interesting are the werewolves ... and the non-leading vampires .
 Worst film I have seen in a long time.It should have a warning that it only suitable for children under 12 . It was completely brain dead entertainment for anyone over that age .
 I own all copies of the earlier `` Twilight saga '' , and I must say they are ALL good ! Except for this one . The wedding was way too drawn out , and boring to the point that I actually nodded-off , and fell asleep a few times . We do not need , to waste -LRB- 1 -RRB- hour demonstrating a wedding , to include a soft porn honey moon -LRB- sex -RRB- scene to make a point ! The wedding and the pregnancy could have been gently explained in 20 minutes . Furthermore , I do n't appreciate the honey moon soft porn sex scene ! The pumping action in the bed was a bit much for -LRB- Parents -RRB- to view with their kids do n't you think ? That sex scene was kind of long and drawn out , and very unnecessary for kids to see . The producers need to realize that -LRB- Parents -RRB- are taking their kids to see this film , and I 'm sure much embarrassment was caused by this sex scene . So finally after all the `` bull '' we finally get into the `` meat and potatoes '' of the script . But only the last -LRB- 50 -RRB- minutes of the movie was GREAT and on point ! Great cinematography , great CGI , great effects and action . Great cliff-hanger ! In closing , and to the producers , try to stay away from ADULT sex scenes , it does nothing for the film at all , and do n't forget that young kids will be watching ! Thanks
 My pals & I went to see this while completely drunk . It was the best time I 've had at the movies in ages . I laughed - no exaggeration - from the opening credits to the end . Not sure I could sit through it sober , but if you 're looking for a movie to rip on a la Mystery Science Theatre 3000 you ca n't do any better . The wooden acting , absurd dialogue and crawling pace of the movie make for the perfect target .
 first off ... ive read the series . and i did enjoy them . by the time i finished the 3rd book the 1st movie was being talked about to come out and i had some high hopes . i mean , the harry potter movies were awesome so the twilight movies must be awesome too right ? yea ... no . not only have i been sadly disappointed with the first three movies , this last one takes the cake !! horrible , no , ridiculous and unbelievable acting . i actually laughed in this one . in fact the wolf scenes were so bad i was able to quote the hangover . kstew was just as terrible as ever and it was pretty obvious how many people were wearing wigs . i have yet to understand why these crazy twihards actually consider this to be a good movie . it wasnt even decent . it was just sad . ill more than likely see the last one just because i read the book and would like to see a comedy every once in awhile . they really could have made these movies worth seeing . but i guess as long as the crazies out there continue to gush over them , they 'll just keep letting this directors make movies . at least taylor lautner was there to take his shirt off . lol .
 The movie and the story are so horrible that I have to write this . But first , a question ... does n't Bella come across as a moronic teenager ? Has no ambition , is superbly whinnying , and not to mention ... extremely selfish . It is wrong to blame Bella though ; the character was created by an untalented author . The story has no substance or imagination , and is more or less centered on impatient , aimless and cranky teenagers . It is an attempted love story , which was n't convincing by any standards . I read the first novel and could n't bring myself to read the others . Movies were worst . And this latest installment is an atrocity . There is nothing epic about this series ; it is dead as a rock -LRB- or Edward -RRB- . It could have been completed in 30 minutes . Sheer dumbness !
 This was not good at all ! I 'm no longer interested ! Vampires against wolves again are they serious ? It was a big waste of time !
 If you gave this movie five stars then I ca n't imagine you read the book . The books are always a million times better than the movies . I think it would be worth it to have five parts to this movie just so it could be more accurate to the book . Of course some hate he books but I really enjoyed reading them . If you hate the books then you are just a Twilight hater so this review does apply to you at all . If you really enjoyed the movie then I beg you to read the book because you are really missing out . I loved the series of books much more than the movies .
 I can suspend disbelief like a champ , but for this movie you have to suspend a lot more than disbelief.The whole series has been a public service announcement for abstinence and against pre-marital sex , but as soon as you 're married violent sex is okay , I guess . Getting rough in the heat of passion is one thing , but leaving bruises is unacceptable in my book . Then comes the part that really stretches disbelief . We know Edward 's skin is cold to the touch because he is DEAD after all ... never mind how Bella could stand making love to a man cold as a corpse , or have part of that cold corpse inside her vagina and remain aroused ... the unbelievable part is that she becomes pregnant from the encounter!We have to assume that Edward 's spermatozoa remained alive for over a hundred years inside his body after his death .
 Bad Movie , bad acting ... ! Even at $ 0.99 to rent this I felt is was a wasted dollar ... could this movie franchise be anyworse ? The entire story is in anti-abortion story written by a Mormon ... the Worst !
 C'mon vamps that walk in the light ? So stupid . oh and they sparkle too . Acting is horrible . Amazing what people like nowadays .
 I hate twighlight the movies , the books , but as far as all media is concerned this is definitely the most BOOORING movie in the series . 2 hours of wedding scenes and the two characters making kissy face or having a measuring contest among the vampire and chihuahua dude . TERRIBLE MOVIE
 I returned this item because it was damaged . I can not rate an item that was returned to you with out me being able to see it .
 Boring , stupid , and cringeworthy . I gave the saga a chance after the decent first movie but it has gotten worse with each episode . Embarrassed that I went this far into the series . Wo n't bother with the last . Beyond fantasy ... just crap of the lowest order story wise and disappointing effects for the resources devoted to it .
 I ca n't believe this nauseating heap of crud is rated PG-13 . Granted teens are more sophisticated today than 10-15 years ago , but come on !!! The whole vampire shtick is sanitized by this series and a far cry from the classic Nosferatu , which has been turned into pseudo-romantic pablum for the kiddies . The shape shifters are an interesting twist to all of the nonsense , but the story is muddled and so predictable . And the vacuous expressions of `` Bella '' are enough to ask for a refund . The most offensive aspects of this drivel are the gross blood drinking/drenching scenes of the emaciated heroine having the life sucked out of her by an unborn half-vamp fetus and the disgusting Caesarean procedure leaving her wasted cadaver sprawled on the delivery table . Yuk ! Save your money .
 I cringed throughout most of this movie . Ok , I cringed through most of all the twilight movies . Eclipse and New Moon were so boring that they were forgettable -LRB- I do n't really remember if they were about anything -RRB- . This installment at least has a lot of weird and memorable things happening . Again , cringe inducing , and some of it , just outright laughable and campy . There * is * an element in the Twilight movies that is titillating , I 'll admit that -LRB- it 's one of the reasons why I feel like checking them out -RRB- . But they 're also amazingly petty and immature.The one thing I would 've LOVED -LRB- and still HOPE for -RRB- from this installment is a commentary track by Robert Pattinson and Kristen Stewart . I would love to hear them bickering and making cracks about all the bizarre scenes .
 As a lonely middle aged man with no social life , when I sit down to watch a sexy vampire flick with a glass of chardonnay , a plate of low-sodium fat-free water crackers , and two boxes of moisturizing tissues , I expect more than leaden angst wrapped in fur and amber contact lenses . Perhaps this should be renamed to Twilight
 This movie is crap ! Do not buy ! complete waste of time . . Waste of money ... that all i have to say !
 Thank god I did n't rent this . It was on Showtime and I was curious.Wow ! The WORST movie of all time ! The only thing missing from Pattinson 's horrific make up job is the big red rubber nose . Stewart can not act her way out of a paper bag . Basically the studio could save millions by just using cardboard cut-outs of Pattinson and Stewart and using voice over . Cardboard has more personality.Dragged out , grossed out by the longest at-the-altar kiss ever . Jeez , you two , GET A ROOM already ! The honeymoon scene ? Silly as hell . If I was that in love with someone we 'd be ripping off our clothes as soon as we got to the honeymoon suite , but Bella just puts it off , puts it off until it 's funny . And the thrashed bed after the consumation ? Well , seems as if both of them should have been on the floor or under the bed , but she 's still in the same place she started out . This is one of those movies you have a party for , get smashed , and laugh your head off.The birth scene was sickening , for Christ 's sake , chewing the baby out of her . Bad editing , I thought for a second there were TWO babies . I stopped watching there , do n't care how it turned out . Our culture is determined by what we find entertaining . We 're in BIG trouble !
 Please stop making these movies so us poor men do n't have to suffer anymore . Or , add some Nazis to it for interest .
 My wife loves these kind of movie . I do n't . She watched the whole thing , but after I started streaming the movie and went back into the living room to watch it with her , she looked at me and said , &#34; It 's sappy . I went into the office and worked on my taxes .
 I started watching the movie on my computer and after about 30 minutes , it cut off . I could never watch the entire movie . Please do n't waste your money on this product . I 'll never buy another on-line movie !!
 We were ready to shut it off 28 minutes in , but gave it the benefit of the doubt . i probably wo n't even bother with part 2 .
 I wanted to love this as much as the books , but the movies seem to get worse as they go on in the series . So slow , so quiet and dull , just really hard to sit through . Not what I was hoping for at all .
 Watch this movie , just for the sheer comedic value , and the sheer absurdity.I rented it for 4.00 . and got my money 's worth.Wait , this movie was supposed to be a serious romance ?
 It is extremely disappointing when the videos do not come with Close Captioning . It is difficult to show this the a group where close captioning is required for their understanding .
 how easy they charged me the movie and send me the when I will send nesesito mi pelicula o el dinero ok
 I am a big fan of the Twilight series and tore through them while on summer vacation a few years ago . I looked forward to Breaking Dawn but found the hype to be much more than the film itself . I think it was a big mistake to turn the final installation in the series into two separate films -LRB- obviously just to increase revenue -RRB- . I found the ending of Part I to be an odd and disappointing place to cut away . The author knew what she was doing when she wrote the books and it was a travesty what the filmakers did to destroy it in this way . I was left very disappointed by this film . I should have waited for the second part to come out and then watched them both consecutively and perhaps then I wold have been more satisfied . Do n't waste your time .
 Easily the worst movie I 've seen since the last Twilight . A total waste of 2 hours . It ought to be legal to throw bombs on the set of the next one !
 This is the same DVD as `` cardio dance fusion '' . It 's a good video , but I already had it under the old title and just wasted the money on a second copy . Do n't be fooled !
 I bought this video because I wanted to try something different from step aerobics . I 've been exercising for years and pick up steps fairly quickly . With this DVD , however , the instructor did not give great cues and changed things up too fast . I could n't follow the routine . I got very frustrated because I was n't even breaking a sweat . Consequently , I got my jump rope out and just started doing my own thing . What a waste of money and time .
 I have done plenty of workouts from `` The Firm '' back in the day when they came on VHS so I was excited to pick up this one , specifically because I could do express workouts because some weeks there is just not enough time in the day . I used to dance in HS and have done several other Cardio Dance routines with various DVDs so I know how to pick up routines and can do it quickly . However this DVD is just frustrating because the editor decided to get cute and have all these close ups of the instructor and other people in the shot . I do n't need to see the instructor 's face , I need to see her whole body , and would rather see it head on rather from the side . The old VHS tapes had a much better editor , I could easily see the instructor and not have to guess at things.It is interesting when doing the `` jive '' express work out , she calls it the Charleston but no dance or cardio class I have ever done does the Charleston the way she does it , what she does is easy enough to do but it is not the Charleston , this is why having a full view of the instructor is helpful . In the end because I paid good money for it I will keep doing the workouts , I should be able to do the routines on the first run through with out too many issues , but for this DVD that is not the case . I do n't expect to have them memorized after the first go around but I should n't need to do the routine 3-4 times before I `` get '' what is coming next .
 I wish I had read the reviews before buying this ! One reviewer already pointed out that this is the exact same workout as Cardio Dance Fusion , just with a different cover and title . I am disappointed that The Firm is so openly dishonest , greedy , and eager to fool their customers .
 This video is best for those more interested in dancing than in getting an aerobic workout . The routines are overly complicated and it 's difficult to get a good heart rate going . I 've been doing aerobics longer than Alison has been alive and have amassed a huge library of aerobics videos ; this is my least favorite . I 'm so disappointed in this particular installment of The Firm videos that I 'm going to donate my copy to the local library .
 So I ordered this with tahitian cardio , which is AMAZING . So after doing that and the tahitian hip hop -LRB- they come together -RRB- I decided to try the Cardio Hula . When i took it out of its schrink wrapped case , it definately did look a little funny . I put it in my Boyfriends XBOX 360 and it didnt recognize it as a disk . I tried it in our dvd player , and it still didnt recognise it as a dvd . I looked at the surface , to see if there was any scratches , and to my confusion it was blue , like a DVD-R . I flipped it over and looked more closely at the top and noticed that whoever printed the label needed their printer heads cleaned . I ordered if FROM amazon , I even got the supersaver shipping , which brought my bootleg DVD in record time . I only can play it on my laptop which has a TINY screen.Thanks Amazon , thanks
 This DVD was super lame and embarrassing to do , AND I was by myself . NOT DANCING at all . BOO !! I like Her other Tahitian Dance video it 's super fun and sexy too!It 's actual dancing , get that one !
 I bought this because it had so many good reviews but this DVD is strange . The warmup starts abruptly . She does n't indicate that we are doing a warm up , she just starts dancing . She tells you to do a plie , but if you are n't a dancer , what the hell is a plie ? She expects that you already know how to do that move and does n't instruct further upon it.The worst part is she never shows you the proper stance to be standing in . It 's clear her knees are bent , but she does n't expalin how far to bend , how far apart your feet should be , do you tuck in your bottom , push it out ? I took belly dancing class and they were very specific about your stance because too much or too little can throw your back out . I ca n't tell from the DVD what is the correct stance because of the skirts they wear.The dancing was pretty and so was the scenery . I think once I pick up a different dvd that explains the stance and the moves better , I would go back to hers . I do n't feel as though she gives enough information . I also get really irritated with her showing you a move and then saying `` this is blah blah blah , this is what it looks like . '' Yeah thanks . I 'd really appreciate it if you told me how to do it . Maybe I 'm just dumb , but I do n't learn by being shown , I need verbal instructions . My boyfriend and I both found this DVD confusing and not terribly educational . The dance is beautiful and once I have some understanding of proper posture and such , I 'll go back to this one .
 My daughter has been taking Polynesian dance lessons for the past six years . I was looking for a fun exercise video that I could also learn to Hula . The quality of production for this video was excellent , but the actual `` dance '' was not fun or what you would expect of a `` hula '' dance . The music was like a very boring , slow version of tahitian drumming and the moves were more athletic -LRB- not graceful -RRB- . If you are looking to learn a more traditional hula along with listening to beautiful traditional hawaiian music , this video is NOT for you ... or anyone else I know . In my opinion , as a veteran `` Hula Mom '' , this was a total waste of money . I should have done a little more homework checking out this teacher , but I had only relied on the previous review that I read from Amazon.com . This video was a big disappointment .
 The film deserves a better DVD package ; this one offers a somewhat dark transfer and no extras at all and comes at a high price for such a no frills disc .
 This review focuses on the second of the two oddities paired here
 This is the second VCI release I have purchased that looks like it was put together by a bunch of incompetents ... the `` Popeye '' release being the first.Would someone please tell the technicians at VCI that there is something known as a brightness level ? Throughout this DVD , the brightness is so high , that one can not distinguish the dust trail from a snow storm . Lines on faces are frequently washed out by the white , and mountains appear to be constantly snow covered.Speaking of `` dust '' , some of the episodes are filled with film damage ... the last episode being particularly riddled with specks , and even a constant scratch on the film one third over from the left side . Obviously , nothing was done to restore these films before tranferring.Another problem with the set ... when selecting individual episodes , the DVD continues to the next episode instead of returning to the menu , at the completion of the selected episode.While I commend VCI for having the foresight to put out these long lost shows , they really need to learn how to properly use their equipment !
 I was excited to see this movie when I heard the plot -- what girl does n't like the idea of finding Prince Charming ? Definitely a lot of potential there , but potential is n't everything . I should have taken a hint that it was n't much more than cheap fantasy when I learned that Eddie 's sole purpose for an American education was to see topless college girls . And that 's about as deep as his and Paige 's relationship got ... except her top stayed on ... He did grow up in some ways -- rather dramatically transformed into a capable royal leader . There was a hint in the laundry room that perhaps he was capable of the role all along , but running from it in fear . His attempt at normal life gave him the confidence he needed to take on the challenge . And you could tell there was even more to him below the surface , but sadly , it was never explored.Paige , on the other hand , had definite goals and abilities from the start . She was very career-focused , but was `` distracted '' as she admitted by a hot body . Whatever happened to soulmates ? There was chemistry , but that either blows up or fizzles out over time -LRB- and it 's no fun to watch a relationship develop with that incessant ticking noise in the background ... -RRB- And the ending . I wo n't give it away , but seriously , who can go out and live life with someone watching over your shoulder and waiting for you to throw in the towel . What are you supposed to say ? `` OK , I 'm done living now . Your turn . '' C'mon . In short , I was disappointed . Like many movies today , this one falls way short of its potential . Apparently , mature , inspiring characters are even more rare than Prince Charmings . For a -LRB- figuratively -RRB- real man and woman with a truly enviable love life based on character , I recommend Darcy and Elizabeth in book or film -LRB- A&E ; , or BBC -RRB- . Other couples with some degree of depth to their persons relationships include Jane Eyre and Mr. Rochester -LRB- book or BBC -RRB- , as well as Anne Shirley and Gilbert Blythe -LRB- book and film -RRB- .
 It was entertaining , with fairy tale predictablity . Julia Stiles did a fine job . But there were a number of flaws . How could Julia Stiles get picked out of the crowd by everyone when she first goes to Denmark and then later at the Princes ' coronation as the new King , after she 's been there a few weeks , she can just slip away in the crowd and nobody even notices her ? Rental = YES . Add it to your DVD collection = NO
 I did not watch this movie thinking it would be theatrical greatness , but given the number of impressive people in the cast -LRB- Richardson , Fox , Stiles -RRB- , I was expecting it to be much better than it was . The story is a fairy tale , to be sure , but if we are to believe the script of this movie , Denmark is about to have a flakey , uneducated , lazy jerk ascend to the throne . There is growth in the prince 's character , but it 's not done in a believeable manner . The prince is a disinterested punk who spends state meetings drawing cars on his agenda , yet after one semester in Wisconsin , he is able to negotiate settlements to stop strikes . Perhaps I took the movie too seriously , but if I were from Denmark , I would find this depiction of my country and people insulting . I 'm not certain that the people of Wisconsin could have been too thrilled either . All in all , even for what it 's supposed to be -LRB- a fairy tale story aimed at 13 year old girls -RRB- , the story is simply too cliche , which is disappointing considering it has some wonderful people in the cast . I 'm usually able to suspend my belief when watching movies like this and enjoy them , but this one just does n't make it . Two stars for the casting choices , but I would n't reccomend purchasing this movie . It 's more of a rental ... . with a coupon .
 I love to watch fair tale/ugle ducking becomes a princess movies . However , this movie is a flop to me . First , the actor is younger than the actress . second , the actor is much more beautiful than the actress . The two could play an older sister with her younger brother . I just can not image the two could be together . They do n't look like a match made by heaven . Also , I do n't see how Eddie started to fall in love with Morgan . The two lack chemstry . All fair tale are made up , but this one is especially not believeable.I like A Cinderella Story much better than this one .
 I thought okay this movie might be okay . Boy was I wrong . In this movie the normal girl meets the normal boy who turns out to be a prince in disguse . They ca n't make up thier minds if they want to be together or not . -LRB- breaking up at least 4 times in this movie -RRB- It totally bored me so good luck if you liked it .
 Julia Stiles is smokin ' so god forbid they could give her a role where she could have some serious lines and plot .1 star for Julia and the rest of the movie lost their 4 .
 It was a love story between a Wisconsin girl played by Julia Stiles , who has planned her whole life and wants to be a doctor and work for Doctors Without Borders , and the Prince of Denmark , portrayed by British newcomer Luke Mably . He is wild in his ways , does n't want to take life seriously in spite of the fact that he will become king one day . He just wants to get away from all of his royal duties.So when he sees a tv advert selling the video Girls Gone Wild ! he figures that all Wisconsin college girls take off their shirts when prompted to do so . He learns very quickly that it is not so at the school he transfers to and consequently meets Julia 's character , Paige . He comes across as obnoxious and she ca n't tolerate him . But somehow he ingratiates himself with her and she melts.It does n't take long before they fall for each other and their world shatters when she finds out his big secret
 I just watched this because it was on a triple feature DVD I bought to get something else . I did expect a chick flick and sat down prepared to enjoy it as such , but I finished it wondering if anyone but a 13-year old girl could sit through it without groaning `` puh-leeze '' or rolling their eyes every few minutes . I sure could n't . I am shocked to come here and see it getting fairly high marks . Except for a few amusing situations created by plopping a prince into ordinary surroundings along with his personal assistant -LRB- or whatever Zoren -LRB- ? -RRB- was supposed to be -RRB- -- since they could n't stop being what they were -- I could hardly believe this film got made . It was trite and predictable from beginning to end ... and most of the actors never stopped looking like they were acting -- especially Julia . I thought filmmakers really went out of their way to try to avoid these sorts of things ! Certainly they 've upset me enough times by messing up a story just to NOT be predictable . Well , I guess there 's no accounting for tastes ... and it certainly is a fairy tale , if that 's all you 're looking for.The silliest part , I think , was when Julia realized she loved what 's - his-name after he was suddenly called back home -LRB- I ca n't remember either of the characters ' names , although I just saw this yesterday -RRB- , so she quickly packed a bag -LRB- in about two minutes while talking to her friend -RRB- and ran down to the airport to buy a ticket to Denmark , with all her girlfriends pitching in to help her . No telling what THAT cost , since she next jumped right onto the plane , apparently with no messing about for a passport , phone calls to relatives , checking with her boss , etc. . When she arrived a few minutes later , fresh as a daisy -LRB- it IS an overseas flight , is n't it ?? -RRB- , she only had a shoulder bag , but she soon left that behind , too , and got to the palace with only the clothes she was wearing . I sure wish international travel were that easy for ME ! And that I could wake up the next morning looking like she did ! Oh , but this is a fairy tale -- silly me for expecting SOME attention to reality . I did n't notice the weather problem someone else mentioned -- but yes , duh , if this mostly took place in November , they sure messed that up !
 I first saw this on an international flight quite a few years ago and found it quite entertaining for the captive audience . Now I find it has been split up into several `` sequels '' that seem to have lost something along the way . I 'm not going to bother with the next one `` Princess on an Elephant Hunt '' .
 Do n't wast your money on this movie . `` Paige '' goes to college and meets this guy who 's like , `` Oh lift up your top '' then for some reason they fall in love then she finds out he 's a prince and so she gets mad and they keep on breaking up and getting back together again ! It 's under-rated because there is one sexual scene . This movie is rated PG!It should be PG 13 ! It 's also so annoying becuase they keep making out ! DO N'T BUY THIS MOVIE !
 For a country that prides itself on having severed its monarchical roots over two hundred years ago , it 's amazing how many American movies designed to titillate the fancies of teenaged girls still endorse the antiquated notion that finding one 's very own Prince Charming is the key element on the road to happiness.In the lame romantic comedy `` The Prince and Me , '' Julia Stiles plays a premed undergrad in the Midwest who falls for a handsome `` foreign exchange student '' who just happens to be the Prince of Denmark in disguise . He 's a royal slacker who has come to the University of Wisconsin in the naively boorish belief that coeds in the States will be willing to lift up their shirts for him the moment he asks them to do so . And all I can say is if you can swallow that premise , then you can pretty much swallow everything else that comes along in the wake of it.Not pretty in a conventional sense , the gifted Stiles has a full-moon face and a wincey expression that gives her an air of intelligence that seems sorely out of place in the mind-numbingly preposterous scenario she ` s been called upon to enact here . Luke Mably is bland and flavorless as her knight in shining armor , and the whole production is so sloppy in its details that , even though it is supposed to be Thanksgiving in Wisconsin , everyone is running around in shirtsleeves and shorts among the trees that seem to have forgotten to turn colors and shed their leaves for the season . You can blame it on global warming , I suppose - but I suspect the true culprit lies in incompetent moviemaking .
 By all means , if you really have to kill 2 hours of your life , you can watch this movie . Then again , there are more exciting things to do in life , ... such as watch the grass grow , watch the paint dry , ... you get the idea.I can not say it was that bad , but it was certainly not a comedy , or drama , or anything else . It was just a movie , which is perhaps the worst part about it . You really get the sense that you were watching something entirely made up that did not resemble reality in any way , shape or form .
 Ah the romantic comedy . Tough to believably pull off , especially with an overworked premise and terrible script.The Prince and Me , starring Luke Mabry and Julia Stiles , is a movie that was clearly hampered by script rewrites that sends the movie into 30 different directions and by a heavy-handed editing style that eliminates the bulk of the romance and renders this movie simply not worth the money.Edvard -LRB- Luke Mabry -RRB- is the Prince of Denmark , and a relatively unsettled one at that . His life is paparazzi , fast cars , and spending mommy and daddy 's money . On a whim he decides to adventure to America and attend college in Wisconsin , where the beautiful Paige -LRB- Julia Stiles -RRB- is trying to make ends meet and go to med school . Trailed by his personal aide , Soren , Edvard meets Paige and becomes smitten , and attempts to romance her as `` just a normal guy '' . Of course the illusion is eventually shattered . This is about 40 minutes into the movie . Then the movie veers off into disaster as Paige decides to find Edvard in Denmark , and suddenly there are engaged and she is a Princess of sorts . I wo n't spoil the ending , which is utterly predictable , but you can guess what happens from there.Stiles has her moments . She clearly lights up the screen , especially in a scene where she dances by herself to a sweet ballad . Mabry has little to work with ; he is basically eye candy . The script and editing cuts out most of the blossoming romance , leaving them little to work with . The sudden plot twist sending them to Denmark , which may have seemed good on paper , fails on the screen . The perception of time is utterly destroyed -LRB- did all this happen in one year , one semester ??? -RRB- and big chunks of the story seem cut out . The ending is rushed and completely formulaic . Ultimately , you are left wondering what could have been with this movie .
 I usually like romantic comedies , but this one was for the birds . Maybe the robin , our state bird here in Wisconsin . Then again , maybe not , since this movie seemed to get ALL the Wisconsin stuff wrong.People outside on Thanksgiving in just long sleeves ? Not where I live . I mean , they could have chosen from about ten other midwestern states if all they wanted was that ` naive farm girl meets big-city boy ' feel -LRB- which is lame and predictable , by the way -RRB- . I like Julia Stiles , and the young man was okay , but getting the local stuff wrong was a turnoff , and it really kind of took me out of the movie.Tsk tsk .
 Me and my mom were exited to see this movie at first but as we got farther into the movie we sooner or later left.It was such a shock that the price turned out to only be interested in topless girls And even asks one the girls in a bar to take her shirt off for him.Me and my mom bursted out of the theater and got her money back.Me and my mom had thought we had just veiwed half of a PG-13 . if you think this movie would be cute for your daughter at her b-day or just a great family movie , WELL THINK AGAIN SISTER !!!
 Far from anything new , The Prince and Me once again tells women , `` You can have your cake , and eat it too . '' It 's a tale of a college student Paige Morgan -LRB- Julia Stiles -RRB- seeking anything but another guy to distract her from her studies . In the mean time Prince Edwards -LRB- Luke Mably -RRB- finds himself in Wisconsin seeking women . He just so happens to meet Paige at a bar and everything bad breaks lose . They soon fall in love and Eddie is forced to become king of Denmark , and must soon find a queen . This movie has a perfect fairytale ending , and was a complete bore . After being two full hours , the movie could have been cut to an hour instead .
 I can not review this DVD as I can not play it on myDVD player . It comes up as `` Amend Regional Code '' . I can not play a DVD under Reginal Code - how do i amend it?As it is it of no use to me I should be sent another copy.Sorry I have not reviewed this earlier but i only returned fromL.A . last Tuesday .
 I would love to provide a review of this DVD , however since I 've not received it , despite having placed my order in August -LRB- it 's now November -RRB- and having written to Amazon Customer Service about the matter -LRB- as yet unanswered -RRB- I 'm afraid any review will have to wait .
 Despite the efforts to describe this story as a great story that has not been done before , the reality is far different from that suggested by the producers of the film . This is little more than yet another variation on the Cinderella story that Hollywood has been milking for one hundred years . Some of those milkings have been somewhat more successful than the others , but overall it is a theme that we have all become rather too familiar with over the years in film . It also does not help that it has been paraded in some form or another in real life over recent decades too . So what exactly does The Prince & Me offer that makes it stand out in a crowd?Basically not a whole lot . My attraction to the film was simply due to the casting of Julia Stiles in the lead role - of the emerging crop of new female actors , she is in my view one of the better ones and she rarely offers up a poor performance . The trouble is that whilst she might not offer up poor performances , sometimes her co-workers are not so discriminating and at times let her down . This is perhaps one of those times . As for other attractions the film might have ? Not too many.Yet despite all the less than positive vibes here , what results is a decent enough romantic comedy that is by no means an atrocious way to spend two hours of your life . There are certainly a lot better choices out there , but equally there are loads of even worse choices . As long as you are not expecting too much from the film , this should prove to be an enjoyable film .
 I ca n't believe how many good reviews this movie has gotten on Amazon . The acting is terrible . The storyline is absurd . The ending is extra absurd . I can do a predictable fairytale love story , but this was terribly done . The only reason I did n't give it one star is that there are actually movies that are worse and it 's not THE worst movie I 've seen . But again , it 's not a good movie .
 I sent for this DVD because I 've been wanting to learn Tai Chi for years . I work nights , so it 's tough to get to a class . Unfortunately , I ca n't tell you anything about how well it teaches because it broke when I was taking it out of the case ! I 'm totally disgusted and wo n't buy from this company again .
 I thought from the review that I was getting A bunch of Basil Rathbone Sherlock Holmes films . There is only one on each disc and being a collector of that series , I already owned it so I was disappointed . I think the advertising on the set is misleading .
 Was disappointed in this video , as it contains very little actual work-out time . Also , the first of the two work-outs was n't sufficiently challenging , & the second , while more challenging , was impossible to follow -LRB- half the movements are n't explained , & the camera angle changes too often -RRB- .
 A Carradine vanity project . Here 's a man in love with his own image . It 's not a mainstream Tai Chi routine . Ponderous and slow moving . And I mean that in a bad -LRB- video -RRB- way , not a good -LRB- Tai Chi -RRB- way . Save your money and gaze at your own navel .
 Not for beginners . I used to take Tai Chi , so thought this DVD might get me going again at home . It did n't because it 's hard to use . In class , beginners are put in the middle , so they always have someone in front of them to mimic . This DVD is filmed like an aerobics video -- as if you are in front of the class watching them . As a result , `` right '' and `` left '' are the opposite directions for you and the people on screen . It would be better if it was filmed as if you were IN the class . There are some reverse angle `` picture in picture '' parts that attempt this , but I found it to be very difficult to mimic the movements and keep up -- especially in the full form . Footwork is key , yet some shots do not show what the feet are doing . I also think the movements should be slower , or at least have a slow runthrough and then a `` normal speed '' one . Finally , it would also help to have an overhead view or some instruction which notes which direction to move . Some steps seem to be moving off on a 45 degree angle which helps when you realize it .
 The photography was lovely in the movie - but I was horrified at the ending . A women is raped , has a child from this crime and in the end falls for her rapist.This is a disgusting depiction of women .
 Perhaps it is unfair of me , and I am sorry , but for me , one scene and all it represents can ruin an entire movie . SPOILER ALERT ! Telling your rapist not to feel badly or blame himself about raping you ? Okay ... . And that , if only your brother had n't set a rabbit trap , or if folks were n't so hungry , well , there is no way a spoiled , incestuous nitwit would have raped -LRB- at the goading of his equally repulsive sister -RRB- an innocent girl who was just minding her business carrying her milk home WITH her little brother at her side ! Um , wait , what ? Worst line ever from Cissie to rapist , `` If people had enough to eat and keep warm , I do n't think things would happen , do you ? '' No girl , just no ... Nope , sorry this is not the movie for me -LRB- but I understand and respect that others love the movie -RRB- . Maybe if in this scene you could tell that she was only saying this so that she could provide a better life for her family -LRB- but inwardly she was disgusted by the words coming out of her mouth -RRB- ... or something ... but no , she is genuine in her `` love '' for this raping buffoon . And why do they love each other ? What scenes did I miss between the rape and this one that would make this change believable ? I am sorry , I just cant ...
 Catherine Cookson 's The Dwelling Place left a bland taste in my mouth . The story of hardship for a young girl and her siblings after the death of her parents is moving enough . The man who supposedly loves and cares for her marries another woman for her father 's money as a miller . Not exactly riches . He confesses his undying love and is frankly a jerk . Cissy , who has a baby out of wedlock , after the landowner 's son rapes her , eventually gives up the child to the family . I thought that a bit unlikely that a rich landlord would want a bastard son to raise , but the story played upon his disgust over his son 's actions . To top if off , the son is responsible for the accidental death of his sister , which is subsequently hidden rather than confessing what actually happened . She eventually rewards her raper by falling in love with him , another jerk in my opinion , in the end . Even her own son does n't love her . The only redeeming quality in the story was her determination to take care of the family after the death of their parents rather than have them all shipped off to the poor house . Frankly , the plot did n't sit well with me , and the ending left me cold .
 This is a worthwhile documentary to watch as it presents Africa in a new , energyzing way . Much applause is deserved for that.The film tries to expose Africa in a way it properly deserves . It 's rich past is acknowledged , and it 's current troubles are explained using an array of opinions . More than 20 different people , mostly academics of one sort or another , participate . Also , as advertised on the cover of the film , we hear some interesting comments from Meles Zenawi -LRB- the Ethiopian PM -RRB- and Jacob Zuma -LRB- South African president -RRB- . The film 's images are mostly from Ethiopia , and in particular relate to a celebration of the `` Peoples , Nations and Nationalities of Ethiopia '' , one big parade that takes place in Addis Ababa where you can see the colourful people 's of the country , their variety , their pride and cultural wealth.So far , so good . But read between the lines -LRB- or , better , `` look '' between the lines , because it 's a film -RRB- and some very disturbing aspects emerge.Very disturbing .1 . A government minister from Zimbabwe appears , and he qualifies his country 's Land Reform as `` an unmitigated success '' . Controversial , to say the least . I can think of quite a few Zimbabweans who would challange such opinions -LRB- and not only White farmers , i 'm referring to the thousands of landless peasants who have seem little benefit from the reform , as in many cases the expropiated land has gone to ... to who ? Not to them , that 's all they know -RRB- . Obviously they do n't get the chance to voice such concerns on the film . A government that simply kicks out half a million residents of Harare for the terrible crime of `` living in shantytowns '' does n't appear a very sympathetic government to me .2 . Gaddafi -LRB- oh yes , `` him '' -RRB- is well praised for his courageous African Unity agenda . No mention that he trained , armed , and financed , the RUF rebels of Sierra Leone , or the rebellion of Charles Taylor , or was involved in the assassination of Thomas Sankara in Burkina Faso . No , the film chooses to not mention any of that .3 . This is the most disturbing aspect of the film , and it 's disturbing when you watch the film in Africa -LRB- in Ethiopia , in my case -RRB- . Of the 20 or more contributors to the film , less than 5 are speaking from within Africa . Some academics , like Prof. Kimani Nehussi among others , mention the problem that `` Africans see Western things as better , or as a solution to their problems '' . Right , i see ... This is said by a scholar who teaches at the University of East London , not in Addis Ababa University or Lusaka University . I can already smell the hypocrisy.Such academics had a problem , `` where to be a scholar '' , regardless of the fact if they were African-Americans or Africans or West Indian . As the film clearly , states , they are all Africans , and Love for the Motherland seems to be at the forefront of their aspirations . Or is it?So why do n't work in any African university , contribute to its build-up , instead of moaning on TV that we Africans should know better and not look at the West . Look who 's talking!A professor at Middlesex University 's opinion is worth 5 min . of film , not the opinion of a professor at an African university . Some philosopher in Los Angeles can ramble on and on , but no philosopher in Africa is given a voice . Literally , only one gets a chance , a professor of anthropology in Ghana . The rest , living in the West , but talking about Africa , about what Africans should or should n't do . Patronising , at the very least .
 My wife and I watched this DVD twice , and I reflected a lot before writing this review . This is one of the most challenging and difficult reviews I have written thus far.In a way , this documentary seems to attempt and explain the guise of human etymology linked to our beginnings in Africa , but it is terribly void of effectively completing an essential understanding of Diasporas , evolution of Africa and certainly the `` black '' African mind-set of today and how it was derived . In essence , it also attempts to paint a portrait of African unity and seemingly acceptance of shades of `` blackness '' and perhaps different cultures . In reality , this is not true . The documentary does accurately assess other 's claims of being African only as it benefits them.Essentially , I gather the narrative script works to rationalize an awareness of BEING African no matter where one is globally , via the concepts of ; 1 . Identity2 . NationalismI suppose there might be pros and cons for both . However , I strongly favor nationalism instead of identity to determine where a person belongs.I am a relatively darker skinned person with typical features of indigenous sub-Saharan Africans , and I aspire in being proud of my maternal and/or paternal `` black '' lineage . As a `` black '' American having been exposed to 65 countries during my travels , including six on the African continent , I simply can not accept that a person should be defined or categorized solely on the basis of the way a person looks -LRB- identity -RRB- . These misnomers must cease . Additionally , `` black '' Americans are not African-Americans , although a great many of us possess African heritage , and perhaps inclusive of other heritages as well . After-all , one simply CAN NOT determine all that a person truly is by means of the way an individual looks -LRB- identity -RRB- . That is in essence `` profiling '' . Many of us interface with diverse cultures and ethnic peoples with a variation of physical features such as ; 1 . A northern European `` looking '' person that has NEVER been anywhere in Europe , and can not speak any European language or understand European customs . How can the individual claim to be European ? By ancestral heritage ? What about the culture and nationality of their citizenship ? 2 . Or a person with Asian features , but can not speak any specific Asian language , and is not versed in any of the cultures or practices of Asia -- having never set foot on any Asian territory . How can this person truly be an Asian ? Solely on the basis of the way they look ? That is ridiculous .3 . This also applies to `` Blacks '' . There are certainly `` blacks '' which are Cuban , Turkish , Brasilian , American , Peruvian , Asian or European and Scandinavian that have NEVER been to Africa , and can not relate with African customs and traditions . Unless someone happens to be a first generation African having arrived in America with the intent to pursue a path to citizenship . That is an example of the only African-American , and this occurs only among first generational immigrants . Anything else lends rise to programming , census control -LRB- abuse -RRB- and erroneous notions . Really , who is it that truly stands to gain from this sort of `` identity labeling '' in the first place ? I am a product of a time when we transitioned from the `` Colored '' classification to that of being `` black '' , now this `` African-American '' political crap.Sorry , but this DVD documentary really pushes the `` African-American '' , African-Brasilian , African-Asian , African `` what-ever '' agenda THROUGH THE PERSPECTIVES OF -LRB- BLACK -RRB- AMERICANS . When did `` black '' Americans become the all inclusive subject matter experts about `` the Motherland '' , and why is this documentary so truant , and lacking African perspectives and voices?I am not a proponent or supporter of this one bit . A little known fact
 I purchased this item hoping that it would be just like the old TV show that I remember watching . It was really my fault that what I received was n't what I expected . I must not have read the full description that this was just a copy of an old concert . I would purchase another video , but I would make sure that what I was getting was the actual show .
 In a very unclear and probably intentionally confusing marketing move , this and all of the other `` 2-hour TV special '' Little House DVDs being released separated are actually included on the Complete Season box sets being released by the same company . I purchased three of these `` specials '' before realizing that they were all 2-part episodes to be found on the complete season sets . Usually , a 2-part show like this is released a little while before the season it 's included on is ... so only buy it if you MUST have it a couple of months ahead of time . While I do n't have a problem with these 2-part shows being released separately , I do n't understand the need for it and I really , really wish that it would be made clear somewhere on the packaging . Considering that these single disc releases have no special features , this is the worst example of DVD `` double dipping '' I 've seen in a long time !!
 Yes , I was disappointed in this video , and I regret purchasing it . I also expected more of it , having enjoyed very much previous releases like Esther , Jeremiah , and Solomon . Much of my disappointment was in discovering that most of it was not a dramatization ; the scenes being viewed often did not relate to the story being told , and this reduces the video 's usefulness as a teaching tool for Bible study . I differ with some previous reviewers in that I felt there was not enough concern for Biblical accuracy in some spots , notably in the story of the flood . Noah 's ark as pictured did not appear to be of the dimensions or shape clearly described in Genesis 6:14 -16 . Genesis 7:13 lists 8 persons who entered the ark ; the grandchildren of Noah were not born until after they left the ark when the flood had abated . In the movie , there appears to be a small crowd getting on board the ark , including a lot of children . And all those leaks in the roof of the ark that could be seen constantly dripping do not make sense at all
 Just an old guy telling stories with images/scenes that have NOTHING to do with what he is talking about . Long , drawn out scenes with no narrative and , again , NOTHING to do with the Genesis story . Did David Lynch direct this ?
 The Bible - Genesis is a visual film about Genisis and was filmed in 2000 . The problem is the slow pace and many of the scenes have really nothing to do with the story telling . I must admit that I was quite disappointed and I only watched the first 40 minutes since the movie was like a sleeping pill . The narration was dull and uninspiring and the acting was wooden . The music sounded like muzak more then that of a soundtrack to a movie . Not recommended . 1/5 .
 This film is not bad in regard to biblical accuracy , but there are three problems . -LRB- 1 -RRB- It is primarily an old man telling the stories , rather than dramatization of the events . -LRB- 2 -RRB- It mixes scriptures from different parts of the Bible so that it is not just Genesis one is hearing in this film . -LRB- 3 -RRB- The primary problem is that the film is slow , with a long shots where nothing much is happening .
 I THINK THIS WAS BORING . NOT MUCH ACTION AND TALKING . IT 'S MORE LIKE A DOCUMENTRY . I AGREE IT IS SCRIPTUAL BUT IT DOES N'T SEEM LIKE THE TYPE OF MOVIE THAT PORTRAYS THE ACTION FILLED NOAH , THE FLOOD AND THE BEAUTIFUL EDEN .
 The video on Genesis is really poor , and very unlike later examples in the series . I 've been happy with `` Abraham '' and `` Jeremiah '' , but this one just is n't able to capture the creation story very well .
 Poorly produced and acted . Scriptually correct , but poorly done . I got more excited reading genesis in my bible than watching this .
 Hi I ` ve just saw this production of Genesis . I am sorry but Ithink that Lux Vide could have done a better production of thecreation and the flood . I could not understand who the Naratorwas . What had the Beginning and that man ` s life had to do witheach other . The other productions like Solomon , Abraham , EstherJesus were much better
 This was one of those RARE instances when I bought a movie from a bookstore instead of from Amazon.com . I did n't have the benefit of any of Amazon.com 's reviews , which certainly would have saved me the -LRB- ... -RRB- -LRB- plus tax ! -RRB- that I paid at my neighborhood Christian bookstore . Having seen -LRB- and LOVED ! -RRB- the Esther video in this series , I made my next purchase the Genesis video -LRB- something told me to buy Jeremiah instead -- must have been the Lord trying to keep me from wasting my money -RRB- . THIS WAS BY FAR THE MOST BORING ADAPTATION OF SCRIPTURE THAT I HAVE EVER SEEN IN MY LIFE . After nearly an hour of watching desert scenery -LRB- beautiful scenes , but not worth -LRB- ... -RRB- -RRB- and listening to an old man recite scripture amid children crying and livestock bleating , I cut the VCR off . Perhaps the movie gets better after that first hour . But I doubt it .
 Run , do n't walk away from your computer screen . This is this worse made video of all time ! One person talks through the entire DVD . He is the only one who can speak English . It shows alot of faces which the end credits to `` the people of Mongolian ! '' The flood scene looks like it was made in a run down barn with a few -LRB- like three -RRB- animals by a 4 years old .
 It was like those dubbed old chineese films , the guys lip movement was not in sync with his voice ... The film was horrible all the way through , in fact towards the end of the film when they were depicting the evilness of the world -LRB- before the flood -RRB- , they showed a modern night club in NYC ! LOL ! I recommend this film just to see that part , that scence was so out of place ... quite funny indeed !
 This film is the dullest one I 've seen in many a moon . This old goat simply recites early Biblical stories , while an atonal pipe plays in the background , babies cry , and sheep bleat . Nowhere near as good -LRB- great even -RRB- as some of the other Bible series films like Joseph , David , Moses , Solomon , Jeremiah , etc. . Save your money .
 While some of the other movies in The Bible Series have been magnificent , this particular one falls short , and was very disappointing . Although the music is very period-like for the era , the program is confusing in its depiction of Adam and Eve and the serpent . What was intriguing , however , was the concept of Eve not being Caucasian . In that part of the world -LRB- Middle East -RRB- , it would only stand to reason that Eve would be a woman of color . Then things moved quickly to Noah , and another very disappointing scene . The ark did n't even look like the historical ark , and those who entered the ark looked like the entire neighborhood . Not a very good depiction . The rest of the movie was a little bit forgettable .
 This is possibly one of the most boring Bible movies I 've ever seen in my life . It 's slow , the scenes are n't really that interesting and why the decision to go verbatim I 'll never understand . It was n't really necessary . If you were to use this as a tool for those who are new to the stories , you 'd lose them . It 's just that boring . I could n't wait for this movie to end.The best part of the whole film is maybe Noah 's Ark , but it was n't really enough to save the film.The dubbing over was n't really that good , but I 'll forgive it that . There are better Genesis movies ; or it 's just best to break it up into smaller stories to get a better understanding of this important book in the Bible .
 I , too wish I had read the reviews before purchasing this movie , and I bought it from Amazon ! I did n't even watch the entire movie . I got through the first 30-40 minutes and could see that it was n't going to get any better . Most movies I watch , I like something about them and the majority of them would get two stars or better . This is one of those rare instances in which , if it were possible , it would n't get any stars . Do n't waste your money .
 For the most part what we all already know , just more fetails to the story . Not thrilled with it . It came in the set , but I would n't buy it individually
 I completely agree with McNamara 's review . This is more a narrative with pictures than a dramatic film . For dramatization , try ` The Bible ... in the beginning ' by J. Huston or ` Noah ' , from the BBC 's ` Bible in animation ' series . It is incongruous to depict the Creation and paradise in an almost desert environment . The film ` drags ' slowly through the stories we know so well from the Book of Genisis . There are some redeeming features however . Some of the filming is very artistic , with some stunning visuals . I believe that E. Morricone composed the score for the film . You will be treated to wonderful back-ground music , with a middle-east flavour .
 This was horrible ! What was up with the little girl singing/screaming all the way through ??? I had to force myself to stay awake ... stay away from this version of Genesis !
 This lost gem from the 80 's feels like a cross between Dirty Pair and Ultimate Muscle . To stand a chance against the monstrous tag team champs , two female wrestlers become unwitting guinea pigs for an experimental performance drug . Now the premise seems appealing at first glance but this , like most wrestling-based cartoons and comics , goes down for the count . It 's said that this particular genre fails because the creators tend to shove more fantasy into the already fantastic world of wrestling , taking out what people love about the sport in the first place -- specifically the wrestling . Speaking of which , the actual wrestling here is actually so good you ca n't get enough . With the lackluster main plot taking up most of film 's 45-minute runtime , you do n't . Overall , Wanna-Be 's is the kind of movie you 'd see in the SyFy channel 's anime block -- just not the kind of movie you 'd really want to see.This film is unrated
 received item yesterday.came in brown envelope . dvd was knocking around inside.opened it up and the product was scratched where it had been banging around throughout the hundreds of miles traveled and however many hands that handled it.really dont want to give it as a gift now.afraid its too badly damaged . will most likely take it to family video and have scrathes removed.although it has been proven that you can not remove scratches once ingrained in a dvd.very dissappointed .
 I 'm not going to go into the plot of these two movies from the xxxHolic and Tsubasa series , other sites have that covered , but here is the deal , Funimation has yet again releases another upscaled piece of garbage.This Blu-ray set has a number of issues with the video . The images are blurry , the lines are fuzzy , colors washed out , there is noticeable gradient banding , and artifacting during many scenes . If you own the DVDs , stick with them as they are the best quality available.If you want a HD version of this anime wait for the official release from the studio , not some cheap Funimation weekend project . I ended up returning this because I am not going to pay for this horrible mess of a release.I added some screenshots to the images section to show how bad this release is . Make sure to look at it full size , as it naturally looks better at a smaller size . Also the screenshot was not altered in any way from the Blu-ray source .
 The name Corbin Bernsen is pronounced , but this is the serei not the movie so he is n't in it.It 's just boring .
 The name Corbin Bernsen is pronounced , but this is the serei not the movie so he is n't in it.It 's just boring .
 DISCLAIMER
 This film seems to have a degree of acclaim in certain circles ; however , I can not count myself among those that understand the appeal . The plot , in my opinion , is weak . The characters are two-dimensional . The ending is flimsy . I know that some people quite enjoy this film , so you may wish to decide for yourself based on available reviews and comments . As for myself , I could have found much better uses of my time .
 This looks like a ripoff of some kind - absolutely nothing on the Blazing Saddles DVD ! No name , no nothing ... . completely blank DVD ... . Ca n't afford to put a title on the outside?Love Mel Brooks , but should have bought the individual DVDs . . $ 71.88 - forget it !
 More of Mel Brooks 's lame silly humor , or what passes for humor . He plays a psychiatrist . So what . It does n't matter what he plays . This is just a vehicle for his silliness , and it is n't very funny . The first half hour was so lame that I had to walk away . Later I returned to it and it was mildly amusing .
 How could Fox release this as a stand alone set only . They must release The Twelve Chairs as a separate entry . It is a minor masterpiece but to pay such a steep price for the set is something that I certainly will not do .
 I 'm glad that Fox is finally putting Robin Hood
 The rating -LRB- similar to another review -RRB- is not low for the content but for the fact that Fox is so provincial that they have n't offered to release the titles separately . As mentioned in another review , most of us have the titles that have already been made available . Do n't force us to buy copies of something we already own . Allow us to pick the titles we 'd like to purchase or , at least , have a little common sense to offer a package of the titles that have n't already been released . Did someone at Fox let their 3-yr old put this together ? C'mon . Enough said ... separate the titles . Think , man ... think .
 I 've been waiting for `` men in tights '' to hit dvd for years now , and all they are doing is releasing it in this set ??????? This sucks . If you feel the same way , do n't waste your money on this .
 See this a problem right here , all i was wantin was the Robin Hood
 Very little that is funny or works here . Loved The Producers , though -LRB- 1968 original version . -RRB- Sorry , Mel . I know , comedy is tough to do . If it makes you feel any better , I think Sir Alfred is waaayoverrated .
 Many reviewers and fans have taken this boxed set to task for not having commentaries from Brooks on more of the films . While he might not have been willing to record new ones , he did a full length commentary for the laserdisc of `` Robin Hood
 This is not so much a review as it is a comment about boxed sets.As far as the movies included in this set I already own three of them , Young Frankenstein , Blazing Saddles & To Be Or Not To Be . I have been looking for `` Robin Hood , Men In Tights '' since it came out -LRB- I thought -RRB- . Its cost through Amazon Satellite Stores is almost $ 60 . Blazing Saddles is not one of my favorite movies , now I will have two copies , Young Frankenstein is great , but again now I will have two copies . I 've never heard of twelve chairs and am not really interested in History Of The World or Silent Movie , which brings me to my point . I can not understand why the studios make these boxed sets . This purchase for me is a ONE TIME deal as boxed sets really turn me off . It almost seems as though studios include movies that they might not be able to sell as a stand alone movie -LRB- Twelve Chairs -RRB- and look at boxed sets only as increasing the bottom line rather than customer satisfaction .
 Fox has decided to release a box set of Mel 's films . First , I ask Fox , `` What took so long ? '' Second , I would have to ask , `` Why are you re-releasing some of those titles?Blazing Saddles is a Warner Brothers product , and should have the WB logo stamped on the disc . MGM has the rights to The Producers , Spaceballs and Dracula , Dead and Loving It . Their parent company is Sony , and Fox and Sony do n't get along , most of the time . < g > It would have been a great idea to re-release new versions of Young Frankenstein and History of the World Part 1 . Both are not anamorphically enhanced and are `` worthless '' to someone who has a widescreen TV.It 's fantastic to see some of the titles released for the first time -LRB- High Anxiety , for one -RRB- . It makes me very , very , very nervous to purchase a box set for only a few films . By not releasing them separately or redoing certain titles , you can see the greed of the 20th Century Fox Corporation . I just ca n't see spending $ 70 on these titles when individual releases would probably sell a lot more.Had the previously released Fox titles been redone , this would be a great box set , instead of only a good one.There is still hope ! Maybe Fox will decide to release these titles individually , or Sony/MGM will release an intoxicating 12-pack of Mel Brooks when The Producers comes out in a few months .
 The video color faded in and out like it was a pirated copy . It also froze up toward the end for a few seconds . I will not buy anymore videos from you .
 I 've given this release a one star review not because of the films , all of which I love , but because it included several which have been available on DVD for many years and because there are no seperate releases listed for the new-to-DVD films.I have no intention of buying this set . If and when the new-to-DVD films are released on their own , I 'll be first in line to buy them .
 I may had too much expectation and I was hoping these are actually BlueRay quality but they are Mpeg-2 DVD quality that their resolution have been upscaled . What you get is grainy images in most scenes and distortion in shot cuts . To those who will comment about my equipment calibration etc. . I must say save your breath , I have top of theline samsung TV which shows most Bluerays great . Just handfull have sud-standard coding and this collection is one of them . This review is not about the movies and is -LRB- Story , acting , ... -RRB- only about blueray coding .
 An opaque send-up of Alfred Hitchcock 's legendary suspense pictures , this probably sounded better on paper than it looks on the screen . It 's to be expected for a Mel Brooks movie to be filled to the brim with cheap puns , obvious punchlines and loads of sight gags - that 's part of his allure , actually - but this seems thin even by those standards . A basement-level plot might have something to do with that ; beneath the dense surface of each of Brooks 's best pictures lies a surprisingly rich , inherently funny basic storyline . That 's missing in this dim , forced tale of good , evil and jealousy in the hallways a California psychiatric ward . If Blazing Saddles is a novella , High Anxiety is a two-page pamphlet . It 's got some value , but not enough to justify a very long sitting .
 I 'd like to start out by saying , the MOVIE is fantastic . I absolutely love it.The DVD , however ? I 've bought it twice , NEW . And each time , the foil within the DVD has been so degraded , the movie is unable to be played on my DVD player -LRB- s -RRB- . If you 're going to buy it , buy it from someone who is selling a `` Like New '' used version . At least THEN , you 'll know that the DVD has been tested .
 Ok , first things first , being a big Mel Brooks fan , I already own four of these eight films on DVD . -LRB- Why Fox is claiming `` The Twelve Chairs '' has never been released baffles me . THEY released it themselves about five years ago and quickly discontinued it . I bought mine when it was realeased , but I digress ... -RRB- So that means I have to pay an average of twenty dollars each for the other four . Ok , I can live with that . Still not a total rip-off , but a slap in the face to dedicated fans nonetheless . As for the minimal bonus features , another disappointment , but as I usually only watch them once , that 's not so bad either.Alrighty then , today I receive my much anticipated order and become almost ill to see that the individual movies are encased in those slim flimsy plastic cases , lately popular with television series releases . While I prefer them to the large cumbersome gatefold packaging for multiple disc sets , this is the first time I have seen it used for actual movies that are n't sequels . As I usually discard the stupid box movie sets come in and file the individual films alpabetically this is just too much to tolerate . The individual movies will be hard to be seen among the bigger boxes , but , yeah , that 's my choice . But hey , they did n't include any little booklets in the film boxes or the set . There 's no chapter information listed either.I 'm surprised Fox actually bothered printing graphics on the actual discs . Ok , now time to get happy and jump up and down and be oh-so grateful that `` Silent Movie '' and `` High Anxiety '' are FINALLY on DVD ! -LRB- Here 's hoping they look decent ... -RRB-
 Well then I guess it is unanimous ! I also only wanted ` Robin Hood ' on DVD and yet they got me again ! I have been on the waiting list for the DVD for years and still I am waiting just to get that movie . Oh well , at least I still have a VCR .
 If anyone has actually purchased this , what are the special features , -LRB- if any -RRB- , that are included ? Just the same stock extras that were with Young Frankenstein ? , What about the other films ? Any extra stuff with High Anxiety , -LRB- maybe an interview with Hitchcock -RRB- ? And what about To Be or Not to Be ? Does that one at least have the * banned * `` Hitler Rap '' ? I 've been a Brooks fan since I was old enough to remember ... I 've loved most of his stuff , even going back before my time to include ` The 2000 Year-old Man ' , and ` Get Smart ' . I 'll buy this set , even though like many others , I already have a couple of the films now , if the studio or Brooks has included the rarities ... it will be worth the $ 70 .
 High Anxiety 's the only film needed ! Perhaps Mel Brooks needs more BONDAGE & DISIPLINE when releasing DVD product ! Nurse Diesel where are you , perhaps your getting the newspaper with your friend with the Tin Teeth in San Francisco ... . Or fixing BLOODY MARY with the snappy peppy!Mel get it together and RELEASE '' HIGH ANXIETY '' by itself ! PLEASEZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Considering the fact that most people who would buy this in the first place are 99 % of the time using appropriate storage means ie . a movie/book case or shelving that accommodates a `` COLLECTION '' ... I find it outrageously annoying that YET AGAIN we are offered a collection of movies using packaging that can not possibly fit IN said storage facilty . I LOVE Mel Brooks films . LOVE them ! But I REFUSE to purchase this set becuase I am sick of trying to stuff stupidly packaged Blu-ray sets in places other than where my `` COLLECTION '' goes ! Grrrrr ! Knock it off with the stupidity ! THINK OF THE COLLECTORS ... . please note the term COLLECTOR alluding to collecTION alluding to STORAGE . Release the * # $ @ movies separately and I will buy my favorites . But I 'll chew glass before I buy one more stupidly packaged movie set !!!
 If you like movies that get reviews titled `` Low-Grade Bat Guano , '' this movie is for you.All others , please beware .
 Greetings fellow amazonians I bought this because spaceballs was my favorite movie growing up and working as a carney you do n't get much free time except late at night so I felt these other movies would make a great addition to my collection . Mongo , who works at the funhouse , wanted to see them too . He had never seen mel brooks before and wanted to see why I was so excited.First we watched spaceballs which was funnier then I remembered with barf and pizza the hut . Then it was onto blazing saddles which started out ok , but when mongo saw the character `` mongo '' he started to get upset . He could n't believe that his mother would have named him after that guy . I told him that the actor may have been his real father , he never met him , so it could be a family name . He really did n't like that ! He jumped up on my couch and started ramming me with his spiderman helmet . I finally had to ducktape him to a chair to calm him down , but that did n't work either he broke the chair , picked up my blu ray player and threw it out the window . Finally , I saw him run threw the night with an aluminium baseball bat beating my blu ray player through out the fairgrounds . Thanks amazon for making me insult my best friend and have him destroy my trailer .
 The movies were great , I really liked the movies . The following two things went &#34; wrong &#34; with ordering : - The product itself was a severely worn down torn package , personally , in this state I would n't sell it second hand . - I payed about 35 euros for the collection and in total an additional 35 euros in taxes.All in all , I would n't have done it if I knew this would happen .
 But this is n't one to cherish . The jokes in this film , High Anxiety , may have once been funny , but have since aged poorly and fall totally flat today .
 Warning ! The bluray does not have any improved picture quality over the regular dvd.Great film ! But if you already own the dvd , do n't upgrade . Young Frankenstein is worth upgrading to Bluray , but not this one .
 It is a great picture , one I would highly recommend to anyone that enjoys Mel Brooks humor . But the DVD was damaged even though it was suppose to be new . It had an obvious scratch on it and hung up in several places . I notified Amazon of this problem and they sent me a label to send it back to them which meant I had to make a trip to the local UPS facility . They told me they would credit my account but would not send a replacement because it had been shipped by a sub contractor . Makes me think twice before buying any more DVD 's .
 I have read many reviews from online websites who have done early reviews for this set it turns out that Warner Bros furnished FOX with the OLD late 90 's DVD of Blazing Saddles ! It is n't the new one that is the 30th Anniversary Edition ! I have heard other complain about transfers being non-anamorphic and in this day and age what a huge waste of time resources and energy . This was thrown together so poorly FOX should have the sets pulled until they can do it right . They should also throw the crappy WB discs of Blazing Saddles back to them and say thanks but NO THANKS!JackDVD78@aol.com
 I FULLY AGREE WITH OTHER REVIEWERS ABOUT THE DISAPPOINTING QUALITY OF THE BLU RAY EDITION WHICH LOOKS NO DIFFERENT FROM THE REGULAR DVD EXCEPT FOR THE HIGHER PRICE.ANOTHER NO BRAINER FROM THE TECHNICIANS AND/OR DESIGNERS AT FOX WHO GIVE ME THE IMPRESSION THAT THEY MUST BE1-FRICKEN RETARDED2-HIGHLY INCOMPETENT3-PLAIN STUPID4-ALL OF THE ABOVE.I WONDER SOMETIMES HOW DIFFICULT IS IT TO MAKE A GOOD PICTURE QUALITY BLU RAY THAT DOES NOT TAKE F O R E V E R TO LOAD AND PLAY , WITH THAT VERY ANNOYING SPINNING DISC THAT GOES ON AND ON AND ON AND ON , PLUS THE INCONVENIENCE OF NO RESUME CAPABILITY IN THE EVENT THAT YOU ACCIDENTALLY STOP THE PLAYBACK.AND HAVE TO START ALL OVER AGAIN.IF OTHER STUDIOS CAN PRODUCE USER FRIENDLY BLU RAY DISCS , THA SOMETHING IS OBVIOUSLY WRONG WITH FOX HOME VIDEO PRODUCTS .
 I bought the DVD hoping for another good work like their Hell Freezes Over DVD , however , it was n't such . The audio on the DVD lacks quality . I purchased it , and would n't recommend it to anyone . Sorry .
 I ended up receiving two copies of this DVD and neither one of them would play in any of 5 different DVD players . I thought the first DVD was defective so returned it and got a second one . One might think I am a klutz and do n't understand formats and variations of DVD . The DVD listed it as NSTC and HD . I tried it in a Sony Blue Ray player , three different computer DVD players , and a Panasonic portable DVD player . None of them would even recognize the DVD . I do n't know what the problem is , but this DVD is hosed up as far as I am concerned . I ordered it because a friend has the 2 DVD set of this concert and I saw it and liked it . There is something wrong with this one DVD album .
 I was dreading writing this review , most people will click the negative review button on this just because they are Eagles fanatics and not be able to see this DVD unbiased . I understand that though , completely . I love the Eagles .1 -RRB- The lack of Don Felder is obvious in the sound of the band . The ` Eagles ' sound that we 've listened to for years is lacking without him . Don Felder and Joe Walsh always played off of each other and now it just does n't happen . Sorry .2 -RRB- The overt and heavy-handed use of a horn section , another guitarist and another keyboardist is just too painful to listen to . The clean , vibrant and very-much in-the-pocket performances from ` Hell Freezes Over ' DVD are gone , replaced by what seems to be an attempt to tour just for the sake of it and to keep the `` proverbial '' pool heated -LRB- a term concerning touring musicians once coined by Lars Ulrich -RRB- . If it 's just about making money now , then I 'll prefer to keep mine , thank you . Sorry .3 -RRB- The DTS mix DOES sound brittle as several other reviewers have pointed out . The DTS processing clearly was n't completed with as much thought as the ` Hell Freezes Over ' DVD . Sorry .4 -RRB- Don Henley , Glenn Frey & Timothy B. Schmit looked a little too ` geriatric ' . Joe Walsh seems to have a lot of problems just enunciating his words for some reason . It really looked as though he was wearing ` Depends ' under his sarong pants he was wearing onstage during the second nights performance . I hate saying this about the Eagles , seeing that I 've always appreciated them for their ability to perform and make great music . Their albums and music though , thankfully will continue to be timeless , even if they 're not . Sorry .5 -RRB- If you own ` Hell Freezes Over ' DVD and own the ` Selected Works ' CD box set -LRB- which includes the Millennium concert that has a lot of songs that were played on tour but not on the DVD -RRB- then keep and cherish that as it really is the definitive work by these guys . Sorry .6 -RRB- A lot of the performances by Don Henley -LRB- on this release -RRB- are just unwatchable because he 's lost his ability to really carry the music and vocalize , gaining the weight maybe has n't helped him much either . Sorry.Listen , I really love the Eagles in every way , but if you have to decide what you want to spend your $ 25 on , this aint it , get ` Hell Freezes Over ' , and if you already own it , then be thankful and appreciate the previous releases . Sorry .
 After I got this item in I realized that it is for a HD DVD . Is there anyway I can return it ? I have no HD DVD and the only way I can watch it is by trying to find a HD DVD player .
 I had a strange experience with this dvd . The first couple of times I played this disc it looked and sounded amazing . I have a new Toshiba 3rd generation HD-DVD player and Optoma HD80 1080p projector . Now , I can not get any audio to play from this disc and have returned it as defective . In case you are wondering , yes I am aware their is a DTS vs PCM audio setting in the disc menu . Weird ! Too bad , it sounded good when it worked .
 This HD DVD would not play on standard , Enhanced , HD or Blu Ray DVD players . It was returned .
 2 tries at this order and 2 blank NEW DVDs ... what 's up?You ask retail price for inferior products ? Big disappointment.One dinner party was to include this DVD preview . Still waiting.Do I need to order a used copy to make sure it showes the concert?Hey ... just an FYI ... 3 days later ... I just found a new copy for $ 11.88 at Sam 's Club .
 My first order of the dvd proved to be blank , with nothing on it . I sent it back for a replacement and was sent another , only to find out it did n't work either . I am still waiting for a refund and have not heard from anyone why they are not sending my money . Both dvd 's have been returned to them . You ca n't reach anyone to discuss this problem with .
 This is a well-produced HUGE SPECTACULAR show put on by 50 % of a great American band once known as The Eagles . Unfortunately their success drove the other 50 % of the band away . Ever since its been a Don Henley/Glen Frey solo project with whomever to help out with the instruments . Don and Glen are great , do n't get me wrong . Love them ! But please do n't call this outfit The Eagles . The real Eagles , the four guys who wrote and recorded virtually all of their trademark songs , were Henley and Frey and Randy Meisner and Bernie Leadon . The Eagles name was made by these four - in fact it was Bernie who came up with the name . After Bernie and Randy left the other two had every right to carry on performing the songs they wrote ; they should have come up with a new band name . I just do n't think it 's right for other musicians to cash in on the work and the name of other people . -LRB- I will applaud Timothy B. Schmidt for paying tribute to Randy Meisner when the band was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame . Randy was really moved by that gesture and it shows what a class act Timothy is . -RRB- Anyway , there have been lots of great old bands carrying on with new people under the old name , and I have never been okay with this . Great new musicians should have their own band name and let people judge them on their owm merits . Peace !
 Don Henley & Glenn Frey are just a couple of sell-outs . It 's no longer about the music . It 's just $ $ $ to them.What a poor performance . They looked like they did n't want to be their . 3 of the 5 Eagles have now moved on maybe they should too .
 This item was worthless to me . I did not realize that it was `` HD '' and would not play on anything except an HD DVD player . I understand that Blue Ray has made HD obsolete so now I have a DVD that I can not even watch .
 This is the 2nd Eagles Farewell Tour that was sent to me . I returned the first set because neither CD would play in either of my 3 CD players . A second set was sent and the same problem . I am returning the 2nd set requesting a full refund .
 We purchased this tape and when we received it - it was blank . We returned it and are still waiting to see if our original method of payment will be reimbursed . We have ordered other DVD 's and they were ok .
 The Eagles - Farewell 1 Tour - Live From Melbourne -LRB- 2005 -RRB- does NOT provide closed captioning !!!
 I was fortunate enough to see the Eagles reunion tour back in ' 95 . THAT show was phenomenal . They rocked the house better than any band I 'd ever seen up too and beyond that point . The song selection was fantastic , Don Felder was still with the band , they did n't `` dumb down '' their material by injection a horn section and overplaying the weak solo material . When Joe Walsh played `` Funk 49 '' , `` In the City '' and `` Walk Away '' , it was ROCKIN ' ! This show is completely different and not in a good way.The lack of Don Felder in the band really , really shows . The tunes that used to really rock , are now `` pop synthesized '' so often , that it no longer has the weight that the old songs used to have . It 's like they decided to intentionally make it easy listening instead of crankin ' it up and just jammin ' like they used to . It 's so obviously the Glenn Frey/Don Henley show , with Schmidt and Walsh as supporting cast , that it takes away the `` band '' feel of the show.This show was way too contrived , with an obvious agenda towards appealing to the pompous and the yuppies who were n't cool in the 70 's and 80 's , but who can now afford a ticket to one of the most expensive concerts on the planet . Corporate sell out at it 's finest.And by the way ... . the guitarist who `` replaced '' Don Felder , and I use that word lightly , does not hold a candle to Don Felder as a guitarist . Nor was there any chemistry between him and Joe Walsh what so ever . It was really very sad . Not his fault , as those shoes would be nearly impossible for anyone to fill . But none the less , this show missed Don Felder in the worst way . The HFO show clearly shows how the music should be played and by whom it should be played.Henley and Frey have clearly lost their way ...
 I bought this for a Christmas gift for a friend and it does not play , Be careful and try it as soon as you receive it . It was in perfect order and sealed . I tried it on three different players and it would just click and not play .
 Hi . I purchased this DVD , and when I went to play it there was no sound . All throughout the video I can see everything clearly , but there was - no sound ! I thought perhaps it was my DVD player -LRB- even though it is an old DVD player , it plays other DVD well -RRB- . So I then purchased a brand new DVD player , and I slipped the disk in . Still no sound . I was not a happy camper . I saw the refund requirement and saw no open DVD can be returned . And so here I am writing this letter . I wrote to them about my concern the day this happen . I have n't heard from them . I hope Amazon will see this on there review and contact me and try to help me with an exchange . I hope none of you are having this problem ... Nevertheless I am clueless in what to do next ... perhaps `` MySpace ''
 I received this DVD and it did n't work at all . I am still waiting for my refund two weeks later .
 The info on Amazon did not state this album only plays in stereo and DTS 5.1 , not in Dolby Digital 5.1 . Not much fun watching the old guys preforming in old stereo technology , so I only lasted part way through the first song . . Amazon needed to add that appropiate info .
 I caught part of this on NBC the other night - that was more than enough for me.I always liked the Eagles as well as the solo work of Don Henley & Joe Walsh - they have great songs & were one of the first & best alt-country / rock bands back in the day.But , as I tried to watch this performance , I could n't help feeling as if everything was just too scripted , too planned , too ... . lame !!!! And what 's with the extra guys they added to the band ??? I mean , I could see getting another guitarist to replace Don Felder but why did they need another drummer plus a keyboard player plus backup singers plus a horn section ??? It somehow reminded me of some nightmarish version of the Lawrence Welk Show Meets the Eagles circa 2005 ... and a one-a & a two-a . Smile , boys , smile !!!! It looks to me like these guys are purely in it 110 % for the scratchola at this point -LRB- not that I blame them as long as they can draw a crowd -RRB- - they might as well go set up shop in Las Vegas or Branson , MO & share the bill with Wayne Newton or Dolly Parton . So very sad to see ...
 After receiving two of these DVDs and trying to play them on three different DVD players , I gave up and asked for a refund . It is apparent these DVDs were corrupt and could not play on any DVD players . Amazon apparently received a batch of bad DVDs . I bought the two DVD version of this Eagles concert at Barnes & Noble and they worked fine .
 Get this release if you want to see a bloated Don Henley sing and not play the drums that often.Buy it if you do n't like Don Felder and want to hear his clone Steuart Smith!Don ' t purchase this if you prefer Randy Meisner on bass and his excellent vocal on `` Take It To The Limit '' . Otherwise , buy their all of their albums or greatest hits . No offense to Joe Walsh , but this reminds me of an extremely polished and professional oldies act on PBS .
 This DVD will NOT play in neither my new DVD player nor my computer.Beware of seller .
 It 's unbelievable but Amazon has sent to me a DVD with the wrong regional DVD code !!! I live in the Netherlands , I have ordered the DVD from the Netherlands , Amazon has sent the DVD to my address in the Netherlands , but I am not able to play the DVD because it has the wrongregional DVD code !!! Hopefully Amazon reacts on this review.Cees Varossieau , Waalwijk , The Netherlands
 To make it short , because its a long long story ... over a period of several months I purchased 3 of these DVDs and they were all defective ... I got replacement after replacement only to have everyone defective ... they should have known this problem at some point in time ... very poor quality checking on their part ... I had to rate it one star in order to make this review .
 The menue pops up and then the disc freezes on pressing of any button . Not sure if only my disc is defective or a whole series . This is the first of 9 HD DVD 's i have a problem with.update
 I have to say , after Glenn Frey treated Don Felder so abusively -LRB- eventually firing him from the band -RRB- when Felder suggested a well-deserved salary adjustment , it just sapped all the affection I had for the Eagles . Not sure why.But about this DVD
 On Hell Freezes Over the vocal quality through my centre speaker is simply amazingly ` in your livingroom ' quality . On the new dvd the vocals are diffused through the left and right speakers and are barely audible or blended through the centre speaker blandly . Also the addition of horn section and extra keyboardy sounds further detract from any enjoyment.Stick with Hell Freezes Over would be my advice . . Eagles Fan
 I received the first disc I ordered and found it to be corrupted . The concert did n't play . I exchanged it for a new one and the same thing happened . I returned the second one and have n't purchased another .
 I bought this specifcally because it said HD DVD . It was a gift for my mother and she owns a HD dvd player . It not only did not work in the HD DVD but on none of the other 5 DVD players we tried .
 I purchased -LRB- 2 -RRB- copies of this DVD for myself and a friend . Neither of us has had any luck at playing it on our DVDs .
 This product is not worth the plastic it is printed on . I have tried this on 3 DVD players , including a NEW 5 disc surround system and it will not play . I feel like I was ripped off in the purchase of this product by Amazon who should WARN their customers about it requiring SPECIFIC types of players to use it on.Give me $ 10.00 I 'll send it to whomever buys it . It 's not worth anything to me .
 This CD Does not play on any of my DVD players !! I am very disappointed in Amazon !!!!!
 I remember in the 80 's , when the Eagles broke up . There was a quote in People Magazine from Glenn Frey . It said something to the effect of , `` The Eagles are a young band . You 'll never see us getting back together for the ` Lost Youth and Greed Tour ' . '' I guess you should never say never . They fire Don Felder and still carry on with this tour . Sorry , it has turned into a Vegas act . How many side musicians do you need , anyway ? They are still the single most boring band I have ever seen live . And I first saw them in 1977 on the Hotel California tour . The two stars are for Joe Walsh -LRB- rocks ! -RRB- and for the sound .
 From what I have seen on A & E , this band misses Don Felder , I have never seen the Eagles perform this poorly , in my life , I love the eagles & never knew how much Felder inspired for this band !!! I suggest the band just retire , or go their separate ways , this performance is no way near Hell freezes over !!!
 Our problem with the this item was that we thought it was a cd not a dvd , a cd was what we were looking for . Todate I have not received my refund on my credit card . I am sorry to say I had to mail both invoices back and I do not have any copies . One was ordered 2 days before Valentines Day and the replacement was ordered on 2/16/06 . All dvd 's have been returned in February.Thank you.Connie G Martin
 Wont play in any DVD player !! Sux !!! One cd not two like all other sets I 've seen . Dont order it
 I grew up with and loved the Eagles ' music . Still love a lot of it , in fact . So , I was looking forward to seeing them in concert for the first time . I 'd heard rumors that they were never a good live band , but I figured hey , it 's the Eagles , it should be enjoyable , right?Wrong . This was the most boring live concert I have ever seen , bar none . Lifeless , sterile , humorless . No innovation , no chances taken , no spark whatsoever . I felt like I was watching a bunch of Disney animatronics.Sure , the sound was great . The songs sounded EXACTLY like they do on the record . Exactly the same notes , exactly the same vocal inflections , exactly the same harmonies , exactly the same arrangements , exactly the same guitar solos , exactly the same length.All the while , the band stands nearly motionless , except for `` going through the motions '' of playing the songs . This is the distinct feeling I got -- an extremely sterile , commercial display of a band that simply went through the motions , period.And so I ask you
 This DVD had no data on the disc . We did not open the package for over two months from the time it arrived . We did not know it was blank until I attempted to play it . We tried it on two DVD players that are otherwise working fine and then tried it on a dvd player in our computer.I previously rated the transactions as a 5 star because of the quick delivery . However I need to change that to a 1 star minus due to the missing data on the disc.Hoping for a replacement but navigating thru the return options is difficult .
 Don Felder not missed ? Seriously , have you no clue who the Eagles really were ? Without Don Felder , Bernie Leadon , and Randy Meisner there is no Eagles , just musicians trying to copy their greatness .
 I love the Eagles . I listen to the Eagles Live CD all the time . But watching this is kinda like waiting in the waiting lounge at the doctors office . It 's not every exciting , in facts it very boring and you cant wait to get the hell outta there . OK , so the band sounds great , and all members are still at the top of their game , however its just all seems too sterile for me . It 's like watching a Fleetwood Mac concert from 2004 as apposed to 1979 . The 2004 version has the classic line up -LRB- except 1 Christine McVie -RRB- and a bazillion other musicians on stage trying desperately to re-create that studio sound . Thats the same thing here . It 's all calculated , cued , perfectly executed rock that is never outta tune , messed up or spontaneous . While Fleetwood Mac has still retained some of their spontinuity , thanks heavily to Lindsey 's atmospheric guitar jammimg , the Eagles just Take It Easy , literally . It 's like their all playing on auto pilot . Yeah , that new guy on guitar , Steuart whachamacallhim is good , of course he would be , and yeah , he nails all on Don Felder 's solo perfectly , but is n't that what he 's suppose to do and suppose to play . I 'm glad these guys are still around , especially Joe Walsh , but c'mon , I 'd rather see -LRB- and hear -RRB- the Bomber -LRB- aka Joe walsh -RRB- perform solo than with the Eagles . It 's more risky and exciting . Joe Walsh is a clown in concert , and he use to be like that with the Eagles , but now he 's just takes it one day at a time . Like I first mentioned , I like the Eagles , they were exciting live when it was just the 5 guys on stage jamming , and probably under some kind of influence . Nowadays , it 's like watching a classic rock band , if you know what I mean .
 I read all the reviews about the audio issue 's with the Eagles HD DVD . I assumed that Amazon would work quickly to remove the bad batch of disc 's that they were selling-NOPE . Read the review 's Amazon !!!! Not only did I receive my 3rd defective disc , then Amazon tells me in an e-mail that they have suspended the sale of this HD DVD until further investigations are carried out , yeh , right Amazon.You NEVER suspended the sale of this HDDVD and are currently still accepting new orders for this item.I see the writing on the wall now . Amazon just want 's to dump off this bad batch of DVD 's and hope that most will not return it.Amazon 's exchange policy is the best around , so I will give them that.Each time an order with Amazon goes south like this one leaves me with a sour taste and I look elsewhere for my product.Funny how some of my other post 's regarding sloppy handled Amazon and their 3rd party vendor 's order 's just seem to `` disappear '' and never get posted.We 'll see about this one .
 I 'm not throwing any rocks and stones at the band . Their performance is top notch and the song selection is a true representation of their best . Perhaps Witchy Woman should have formed part of the set but only they know why it was not included.My main gripe about this purchase is that we are not offered a Dolby 5.1 surround sound track . The fine folks at Warner Music Vision & ERC have decided that if you do not possess a DTS system , you will be punished by being forced to listen to the DVD in ` glorious ' PCM -LRB- 2-channel speaker -RRB- stereo.Is there a legit reason why there is no Dolby 5.1 surround sound track?This is a true sign of disrespect towards not only the fans of The Eagles but to all consumers.Review by Brian Grindrod
 I returned this item because I did not realize that the HD DVD format would not play on my blueray player . I noticed later when I reordered that this item was no longer available and carried a big warning message . I have since reordered the regular DVD vesion and am happy with it . I hope I got credit for my return !
 I had seen this prior to ordering - Awesome concert - however , I purchased 2 DVDs for gifts from Amazon and neither worked . I have shipped back for refund and re-purchased them from Best Buy , which I will do in the future . No more DVD purchases from AMAZON .
 JUSt saw the concert last night . . Eagles live sounded better . The MElbourne DVD was a disaapointment . THe ney guy who relaced Dnn Felder is not as good ... Joe and Don had chemistry when they jammed . . This new guy . Stuart SMith ... its not the same . . Henley is gaining weight . . Hell FReezes over is a claasicand they sound much better albeit they were 10 years younger . By that one instead of this ... and I am a great Eagles fan ... Miss Don Felders guitar playing especially in Hotel California when he and joe got into it in HEll Freezes over ... Anybody knows if he is ever going to be allowed to rejoin them ?
 This disc is an `` HD DVD '' which to my surprise is a `` bastard format '' that plays on very few players . Do n't make the same mistake I did instead order the DVD format . This really should be mentioned in the ad .
 Does n't work ! How do I return ? Please send me step by step instructions . Thank you . Sincerely Nick Causey Come back to me as soon as possible .
 totally bad ass , Joe walsh is an icon add in the eagles songs really there nothing to review is as good as you hope it would be . two stars because i degenerate the star system , I am sooo fool . the sound is top of the line . The music sound is top of the line top of the linetop of thetop of topI got ta admitt - in some way the way they treat Joe makes me feel kinda warm and fuzzy . they dont really make a point of '' Were playing with Joe Walsh '' but they recognise that any musican would like to say that - even if they had some great songs before he joined them . I just have a peaceful easy feeling about saying that so take it easy wichy women one of these nights love will keep us alive - we will take it to the limit and then enjoy the tequila sunrise and that aint easy to spell -RRB- . I cant tell you why it seems like wasted time youll just have to trust your lying eyes - you belong to the cityand I just walk away.What other band has 3 talents that are great alone collaberating ? You could say the beatles - but does Harrision = Joe walsh ? watching Joe is funcant imagine why anyone would need to read this reviewif your on the fence buy it you @ # ! its as good as you hope it will be , hope it will be maybe , hope , be.no Problems here \ move it along already
 I am very disappointed with this product because it could not be played in Australia . Have returned for credit , which I am still waiting for . I could not rate it zero stars . I have n't heard it yet .
 Disappointing . Beware -- `` Farewell Tour '' hd dvd ordered from Amazon was defective . Would not load . Returned for replacement and the second one did the same thing . Credit/return was easy , though . Bought the regular DVD locally -- and it is AWESOME as we knew it would be .
 i returned it bec it dont have closed caption in it which it said it does when i ordered it i. i am disppointed with it
 The Eagles is one of the biggest selling artist in the U.S.A. in the middle of 70s . Still I wonder what good is that band . I have nothing good to say . I really hate songs like Hotel California and A New Kid In the Town . Himo Pohonen likes this band !
 The name Corbin Bernsen is pronounced , but this is the serei not the movie so he is n't in it.It 's just boring .
 This is about the 1984 murder of a kid named Gary Lauwers . He was murdered by Ricky Kasso , who believed that Lauwers had stolen some PCP from him . The murder trial became sensationalized by the media because Kasso claimed to be a Satanist.The documentary was originally presented on the Discovery Channel and is a low quality production in many aspects . Some cheesy re-enactment scenes and an absurdly melodramatic narrator tell the story of how the murders occurred and the subsequent trial . Interviews with various legal officals and alleged co-murderer Jimmmy Triona are also included and are somewhat more interesting.But the narrator continues to drone on about the same issues - the kids were from a middle class suburb , they were taking lots of drugs , there was a lack of parental supervision , etc. . It all seems overly simplistic and gets repetitive and boring very quickly . This doc in no way offers an intelligent analysis of the murders . But is a cheap and poorly made effort to shock people into believing that heavy metal , drug use and so-called `` Satanism '' are on the verge of destroying America . It 's really a piece of garbage and not worth your time or money .
 Thia was a birthday gift to my grand-son , he loves this type of movie and was taken by 2000 leagues when he saw it on tv so of course he wanted the movie . There was a problem with the playing of the movie so they are trying to get a replacement dvd and have not heard if they were successful in getting a replacement . So will re-review when it is resolved .
 Amazon video shown as HD , but was actually quite poor quality . Barely SD quality , not a good product , should not be labeled as HD
 Did n't understand that we were ordering a product which could only be viewed on an European DVD player - returned , asked for one that could be viewed in the U.S. but received a refund instead .
 I purchased the 20,000 Leagues Under The Sea disc as I am collecting James Mason films . I have been unable to play this dvd on my Sony dvd player . I emailed TCM and told them the problem but have never heard from them about this problem . I have purchased other discs from TCM and have never had a problem . I would not recommend anyone to purchase this dvd . I rated it `` I hated it '' only because I ca n't enjoy seeing it .
 The ship -LRB- the Nautilus -RRB- goes deep , but almost everything else about this science fiction movie is superficial . So why is it entertaining ? Is it a tease , is it the fascination with past/future imaginings , the visual experience -LRB- an early version of a nuclear submarine , recognizable actors , historically accurate sets -RRB- , or music designed for greatest impact ? Learn from this film 's mistakes , then teach your children higher standards .
 I did not receive , I 've asked two times and never arrived.By the way , every time I used the cheapeast delivery option I did n't receive my package , I just reveiced when I chose express delivery -LRB- most expensive option -RRB- . I think Amazon should garantee better all delivery options with their partners.Thanks a lot .
 I ordered this DVD a full month before Christmas . I still do n't have it . Can you reimburse me ?
 Oh-No , not another widescreen CD ! Old movie that would have been good if fit to the screen .
 When I was deemed old enough to watch it at 14 y/o , I liked it . It was interesting to see where the characters went , and other people/creatures they met . I did n't care for the overdone sexual inneundo , though.Now some nine years later , I can not enjoy it as an adult . I guess as a teen , I took in the little romantic story and the occasionally funny joke . Laroquette 's character is the typical fumbling dad , who complains about his job . Four fairy tale creatures come into NY via a mirror , God only knows why the mirror exists . The three most annoying characters are the trolls , who yell `` Suckin ' elf ! '' every five minutes . It was n't even funny the first time . The main character , Virginia , accidentally goes to the fairy tale kingdom with her father and the fairy tale characters because of a hackneyed series of events . Most of the story then is trying to find the last mirror so Virginia and her dad can get back to NY , and Virginia 's werewolf love interest trying to keep himself from eating her and/or having sex with her . There is no content , only silly , slapstick jokes . Stay away from this . Oh yeah , and for the last time , THIS IS NOT INTENDED AS A KID 'S MOVIE -LRB- see parents ' angry reviews -RRB- .
 This movie was in horrible condition . . tracking was off . . sound was terrible . I tried it in 3 different VCRs andit it got worse in each one.Very disappointed !
 I gave it one star because far to many people gave it 4 or 5 so I bought it . It has a good idea for the story based on kingdoms of fairy tales . However , I do n't like it when people hype a movie that is mediocre . The movie is okay , nothing more . The characters are decent , nothing more . The story is alright , nothing more . The music is passable , nothing more . In other words this movie is mediocre and slow . I tried to sit through this but it just takes to long to do what it does . This could have been a much shorter movie and it would have been better . It is obvious they tried to stretch this out to be televised over a week as a mini-series . I suggest you rent this first . It may put you to sleep and regretting you listened to one of the reviews praising it . Although a decent family movie , it should be watched over 2 or 3 sittings to keep boredom from setting in . I will not sit through it again so I am donating my copy to a charity .
 I think this movie would be ok if you who do n't think too much ... Some scenes were just plain stupid ... This movie was a waste of time and money ... Plus this movie is not for kids ...
 As I write this , I wonder whether it 's possible there were two entirely separate `` 10th Kingdoms '' released , and I just bought the evil twin version ! This series is so bad as to be almost unwatchable ... in fact , it is unwatchable . I forced myself to sit through it , since I shelled out considerable cash for it in high hopes that it would be the awe-inspiring series mentioned on the back and in reviews.The problem seems to lie in that the film could n't decide whether the main audience should be adults or children , and consequently fails miserably to reach either . All of a child 's favorite fairy-tale characters are included , which would be fine , but the story had to be `` modernised '' , apparently on the presumption that today 's `` hip '' kids wouldnt appreciate it and that adults would get bored -LRB- it is about 10 hours , after all -RRB- . So , to spice things up , the writers added gratiuitous sexual innuendo and profanity -LRB- like the pathetic `` butt '' kissing episode , but the word used was n't butt , and I can not repeat it here since Amazon.com would n't allow it and deleted my last review for content ... ask yourself if you want your kids watching a film with language Amazon.com wo n't allow in a review ! -RRB- . How to pick up chicks and pop psychology are thrown in , apparently to amuse the adult audience , but the whole thing just seems grossly patronising and you actually feel a bit insulted and offended while watching . The story line is moronic , and the interplay between the evil queen and her daughter would be deeply disturbing to some children -LRB- in short , you are a burden to your parents , and they would do anything , including murder , to get rid of you -RRB- . The acting is so bad you feel uncomfortable watching it ... three notable examples are the babbling , neurotic `` wolf '' , the three `` hip '' maniacal troll children and Laroquette 's character , who tries and fails to convey that he takes this whole romp seriously . you actually feel sorry for all of the actors in this series , and hope that the poor acting is a result of an irredeemable script and not lack of talent . There are some cute moments , like an obese Snow White -LRB- the fairest in the land ? -RRB- and a geriatric Cinderella -LRB- or Sleeping Beauty , I forget -RRB- whose youthful face belies bone cracking agony whenever she is invited to dance . All in all , adults will find this film completely unwatchable , and kids will find it weird , incomprehensible or just boring , perhaps a healthy dose of all three.The sad fact is there was SO much potential here , and the special effects really are spectacular -LRB- the opening sequence in particular -RRB- , and the series ' failure to deliver just leaves one angry and wanting to mash the tapes into tiny , little bits , especially after ten hours of hoping that it will somehow get better.See `` Arabian Nights '' with Leguizamo and others . It tackles the same theme and manages to deliver with much more humor and entertainment in 1/5 the time .
 I could n't even get through this . It has some name actors which made me mistakenly think it would be decent . Very tedious , boring , and just plain BAD .
 I received this and one of the DVDs was rattling around in the case . Hope it is not damaged . Only gave it 1 star due to poor packaging . Have n't watched it yet .
 I was shocked at how low this movie stooped to get a laugh . It was an awful movie that was drawn out to it 's fullest extent . The humor was crude and suggestive , and many of the main characters had swearing problems . The trolls were incredibly annoying and looked as if they had stepped right out of the '80s . The characters were undeveloped , excepting only the Wolf who did a very good job . However , I was disgusted at how sex was so widely accepted in this movie . This mini series was too long and too crude , all in all , an insult to society .
 Okay ... Amazon reviewers ! I bought this movie on your recommendation because nearly everyone here said it was a good flick . This movie was ridiculous ! I do n't have one positive thing to say about any aspect of the made for television movie . I will just list my complaints and hope that I can deter some other hapless reader from making a mistake with this purchase .1 . The movie did not have a plot or moral .2 . It was entirely too long .3 . Although I seen a few recongnizable and well established actors ... none of them seemed to be trying hard to do their job .4 . This is not a fairy tale .5 . The movie is not funny ... well the ring was funny , but the dang thing only gets like 3 minutes of screen time .6 . The movie was boring and silly .7 . Did I mention it was too long ! 8 . It is not a movie meant for kids ... or adults for that matter . Maybe it is meant for those of with IQs lower then 5.9 . It disgraces true fairy tales and in the same process mocks them with its disgusting premise .10 . IT 'S TOO LONG TO BE ABOUT NOTHING!Well that is my opinion and of course I am only one reviewer , but beware hapless buyer because this is definitely a waste of money and time .
 Wow . No , seriously . Wow . The 10th Kingdom clocks in at just under seven hours and I only made it thirty-nine minutes before I resigned myself to the fact that I could by no means in good conscience finish the movie.Allow me to put it plainly
 in my perspective this movie was a complete waste of my time and a complete waste of money for the producers . I wouldnt reccomend this at all . Save yourself and dont buy it ... ever .
 What is wrong with all these people giving this movie 5 stars . I am not even sure I brought the right DVD because I definitely did n't see anything worth 5 stars here . I just finished watching the movie for the Thanksgiving weekend , and all I can say is UGH !!!! Watch the TV movie `` Merlin '' . That was a great film , this is just plain stupid .
 I loved the mini-series and was very excited to be able to see it again on VHS . I could n't wait for it to come out . It 's a fun adventure that addresses today 's social relationships within families and also between friends . It has may comical moments , and really made me laugh out loud . My favorite scene is when Wolf talks with the Psychologist . It great when he says , `` I just met a girl , and I do n't know whether to eat her or marry her ! '' Unfortunately , many scenes are cut out on this VHS version , including my personal favorite noted above . I do not recommend buying it if you 've seen the original . There 's too much missing . Very disappointing .
 This miniseries is of course fantastic , that 's why I ordered it . However the picture and sound quality is so poor I would have done better to record it off the T.V. with the irritating commercials left in . Amazon wont accept returned items that have been opened , but on the very first play there is a static line along the top that keeps comming back no matter how many times I adjust the tracking and every so often the tape speeds up for no apparent reason then returns to normal speed . I 've tested my VCR and it is working perfectly . I would seriously reconsider if you are thinking of spending money on this tape .
 I was very disappointed in the condition of the case . It seems like the insert was to long for the case which then made the plastic on the case wrinkle and look horrible . I orded this new so thaat it would be in great condition and now I have this movie that looks used and abused . I wish that picture shown by amazon portrayed the condition that was actually what they were sending . Very disappointed . What 's the point of ordering new movies and paying full price if I can get used movies in better condition for cheaper ?
 This was a region 2 product that my wife was unfamilar with the meaning of . We had to get a dvd player that could play it what a run around . The seller originally refused to allow us to return it and when I gave them a bad review they decided that they would give me a partial refund but by then I bought a player that can play it .
 Now before true die hard 10th Kingdom fans pounce on me for rating their beloved movie with one star I want to get one thing strait , I love the 10th Kingdom , completely . I think the only word to truly describe the movie and/or book would be ... everything . I say this because it has everything , great acting , writing , effects , scenery , plot , characters , humor , drama , romance , action , suspense , blah blah , ect . If you love the 10th Kingdom as much as I do then you would agree with me that you would want all of the 10 hours . But that is not what you get when you buy the tape . Many of my favorite scenes have been cut out , including the famous psychiatrist scene where Wolf has his infamous quote of , `` I do n't know wheather to love her or eat her . '' Why so many scenes were cut out I am not sure , maybe for tape space . But I can say that is a very big disappointment to be excpecting the full length movie and then get only the chopped , watered down version . Of course there could be another version of the tape floating around somewhere with all of the wonderful 10 hours , and if you find that version well let us all know .
 I 'd read the book The 10th Kingdom a long time ago and just loved it . It was a great fantasy book -- one that I 'd recommend for anyone into this type of genre.I bought this DVD set about a week ago , thinking it too would become a favorite of mine -LRB- based on all the good reviews here on Amazon as well as a stellar review from a friend of mine -RRB- . I have to say , though , that I was supremely disappointed by the quality of this film ! Most of the acting was embarrassingly bad and the script was n't that good , either . -LRB- The costumes and the sets , though , were n't bad -- nor were the effects . -RRB- It 's too bad , 'cause I think that this DVD series really could have been something fantastic ... . ah well .
 I did n't get a chance to see the movie . I did n't know that it was a Region 2 version . I saw the 10th Kingdom when it first came out and I enjoyed it so I decided to order a keepsake which turned out to be a bust . Just be careful about what you order . I did n't know that there was more than one version .
 I was given the 10th Kingdom DVD as a X-mas present . And was unhappy when I opened the package from Amazon that DVD cover had water/excessive sundamage to it and the discs were loose .
 Product was received in poor shape and reported to Amazon . Was quickly taken care of.Company Congobooks sent e-mail of apology and responded quite satisfactorily . Will use again barring any further product problems .
 As I read others ' reviews , I was thinking `` Did I watch the same movie ? '' At that instant , I saw a reviewer who asked the same question.I 'm surprised this movie is getting so many good reviews . I thought it was moronic . Most of the characters are incompetant idiots who are overdrawn and overacted . They were the type of characters I would expect to find in a movie for 5-to-7-year-olds . However , there is so much sexual innuendo in this movie that it ca n't possibly be meant for that age range . Essentially , it was a bunch of silly , irritating characters trying to express adult themes . It just did n't work.To be fair , maybe it got better further in , but I doubt it . I do n't think I made it past the first DVD . I donated the whole set to a rummage sale . What a waste of money .
 I decided to take a risk on this film because of the great reviews . I am the essential kid at heart . If it brings out the kid in me then I love it , yet this movie left me cold . I give it 1/2 star because there were some funny moments in the movie and another 1/2 for some decent special effects , but otherwise it -LSB- was no good -RSB- . The acting , with the exception of Diane Wiest , was sickening . The script and everything about the movie failed to entertain . It 's almost like one extremely bad romance novel that has gone way way over board . If I had children I would never let them watch this because it is way too indepth , and there are some very un-child like scenes . This movie was sooooo horrible . I had to force myself to continue watching . It was soooo bad . If you are looking for enjoyable entertainment for the entire family bypass on this movie . Do yourself a favor and do n't waste 71/2 hours of your time on this ... movie .
 Where do I begin ? My boyfriend and I are fans of fantasy movies and I 've seen some bad ones , but this one takes the cake . The casting is all wrong . Al Bundy as a troll ? The costuming is taken from every trendy store in NY and altered for the movie . The sets are awful . The story line is that NYC is the 10th kingdom and somehow is linked to the world of Fairy tales . The only hope to save the world of fairy tales is the Prince who was made into a dog by an evil queen . If you 're going to make a fantasy movie , do it right . I would suggest buying Merlin . That was much better , as low budget fantasy movies go .
 I had a review up on this movie for a couple weeks that kept getting `` not helpful '' reviews , so I 'm trying again ... how can I nicely say that this movie is REALLY BAD . I 'm not a movie snob , I swear ... and I love cheesy fantasy , the more glitter and fairies the better . I think this one would be good for small children , but if you 're an adult looking for a fantasy movie , try The Snow Queen , Merlin , The Princess Bride , Legend , anything but this !!
 I bought this movie because it was so highly rated here by other viewers and I was highly disappointed in it . I must have a different idea of what ` family viewing ' means as I found it to be in extremely bad taste in parts and to promote -LRB- even if subtle -RRB- not such great values . It 's a ` realistic ' view of fairy tales and certainly tries to shatter the idea the girl marrying the prince and living happily ever after . Sure that 's not always realistic , but these are fairy tales and why try to change a good thing in my opinion . I really thought a lot of this was nightmare material for some children -LRB- and possibly adults -RRB- . The characters seem to run from one horror to another and it felt like it would never end . This may not be a popular review because so many people apparently liked it , but from a Christian perspective I found this movie to be quite disgusting . I want to add that this is a Hallmark production , but not a Gold Crown Edition Hallmark video . Believe me , there is a difference !
 I agree with the other reviewer . This movie is dumb .
 Warning
 I ' ve seen this movies many times on video tape when I decided to get the DVD version . I found that disc B scene 13-18 were all wrong , the disc skipped in the Shepard village sections -LRB- half the `` shepardess competition '' & the whole `` wolf on trial '' were disappeared -RRB- and the movies on section 14-18 were not according to the menu . Amazon was very kind to let my return for the replacement , however the new set of DVDs also got the same defects , also are another 2 copies that my friends bought from Buy.com -LRB- they did return them -RRB- . Since the movies is quite long , you might not have time to view the whole movies after buying , please do open and check disc B on the scences 13-18 . I really wish to get a goos DVD for this movies because I love this movies so much .
 Poor quality DVD . I have ordered it twice and both copies have skips and deleted sections . The DVD was packaged well and shipped promptly . The shipper was more than willing to correct the problems , and they were not even his fault .
 I ENJOY JOHN LARROQUETTE AS A PERFORMER BUT FOUND HIS CONTRIBUTION TO THIS MADE FOR T.V. SERIES EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTING . IT WAS CRUDE IN BOTH THE STORY LINE AND SCRIPT . FAIRY TALES HAVE A MYSTERY ABOUT THEM WHICH COUNTERBALENCES THE CRUELTY . THE CREATORS OF THIS SERIES , COMPLETELY MISUNDERSTANDING THE POINT OF FAIRY TALES , TAKE THE WORST ASPECTS OF THE STORIES AND USE THEM FOR CHEAP EFFECT , WHICH IS HEIGHTENED BY THE VERY UNSUBTLE PERFOMANCES BY MOST OF THE ACTORS . NOT WORTH THE WATCHING TIME OR THE COST .
 The movie , though cleverly plotted , lacked percision when it came to makeup and setting . The characters of fairy tale legends looked more dolled up `` trolls '' . It was also far to long , and no matter how great a movie may be , not many people can sit through something over two hours . The acting ranged from excellent to poor , with an exceptional prefromance from `` the evil stepmother '' . But the slow pace makes even the most avid of movie go-ers feel confined and bored . It 's a good movie for a Saturday night but not the best for rapid-preview .
 i was very happy to get my movie till i heard it moving around in the case meaning it was getting scrached the whole trip . i mean what am i buying a movie new if its getting scrached on the way to my house .
 I did n't see the whole thing , but I disliked what I saw . It was pure idiocy . It looked amazingly fake , the acting was not exactly stellar , and it was tedious . Honestly , when will a mini-series turn out decent ?
 This concept had such potential -- people trapped in a fairy-tale world . I thought it looked great , and read these reviews , and thought , `` Wow , that sounds neat ! `` Then it arrived . Oh , my goodness ... words can not fully describe what a piece of tripe it is . The effects were cool , granted , and on a very superficial level , it would have been an enjoyable film . But there were just too many STUPID STUPID things ... like the CGI hearts in one scene -LRB- sooooo tacky -RRB- , the trolls singing along to disco music and their very 3-stooges interaction , the terrible overuse of slapstick , the horrible `` We will rock you '' meets `` Miss America '' meets Dark Ages set design ... oh , it was just too much . I sat through the whole thing , expecting -- no , hoping desperately -- that it would get better , but at the end , I felt only that I had lost 6.5 hours of my life I 'd never get back . I think the real capper was a scene filmed somewhere in picturesque mountains ... and they did n't bother to edit out the POWER LINES.If you think the Three Stooges , Looney Toons , and game shows are High Art , then this is a film for you . If you were expecting something even vaguely intelligent , though , stay far , far away from it . I 'd love to sell my copy back , but apparently this one 's not eligible -- too bad , as it 's taking up valuable space in my life and I just want to get rid of it and forget what a horrible mistake I made in purchasing it .
 As a lover of fantasy , the concept of this movie was very appealing to me . Unfortunately , this story has nothing to recommend it . While the make-up and special effects are OK , the acting , with the exception of `` Wolf , '' is mediocre , and the story line is weak . Beyond that , though the plot seems geared to pre-teens , the subject matter is definetly not for children . Unlike the fairy tales on which the setting is based , there are no moral stories here to encourage youngsters -LRB- and oldsters alike -RRB- in development of strong characters . Instead , we have `` good guys '' who waste their six wishes on beer , revenge , slothfulness , and other selfish desires . We have Wolf admiring Virginia 's `` succulent breasts . '' We have `` heroes '' stealing and cheating to win a contest , then gambling to raise money . We are shown premarital sex with no remorse , and a father whose only reaction to his daughter 's moral failure is to roll his eyes . By the end of the movie several characters do display a selfless act or two , but we are left with a story whose characters , at their best , are still poor role models . Art has the ability to ennoble us or to coarsen us , and this movie definitely leaves the viewer far short of anything noble . For a good moral tale , I would recommend First Knight -LRB- 1995 , Sean Connery -RRB- , where the characters struggle with understanding and fulfilling moral principles , or Beau Geste -LRB- 1939 , Gary Cooper -RRB- . ...
 I love fairy tales . When I first heard the concept of this movie , I was very excited and borrowed my sister-in-laws copy . Ugh . It is horrible ! If you just want to watch slapstick comedy mixed with weird sexual innuendos , anachronisms and bad acting , then by all means watch this movie . If , however , you prefer your fairy tales with a bit of intelligence , stay far , far away from The 10th Kingdom . If it were possible to rate something less than 1 star , I would.All I can say is `` We will , we will shear you '' .
 As I write this , I wonder whether it 's possible there were two entirely separate `` 10th Kingdoms '' released , and I just bought the evil twin version ! This series is so bad as to be almost unwatchable ... in fact , it is unwatchable . I forced myself to sit through it , since I shelled out considerable cash for it in high hopes that it would be the awe-inspiring series mentioned on the back and in reviews.The problem seems to lie in that the film could n't decide whether the main audience should be adults or children , and consequently fails miserably to reach either . All of a child 's favorite fairy-tale characters are included , which would be fine , but the story had to be `` modernised '' , apparently on the presumption that today 's `` hip '' kids wouldnt appreciate it and that adults would get bored -LRB- it is about 10 hours , after all -RRB- . So , to spice things up , the writers added gratiuitous sexual innuendo and profanity -LRB- like the pathetic `` butt '' kissing episode , but the word used was n't butt , and I can not repeat it here since Amazon.com would n't allow it and deleted my last review for content ... ask yourself if you want your kids watching a film with language Amazon.com wo n't allow in a review ! -RRB- . How to pick up chicks and pop psychology are thrown in , apparently to amuse the adult audience , but the whole thing just seems grossly patronising and you actually feel a bit insulted and offended while watching . The story line is moronic , and the interplay between the evil queen and her daughter would be deeply disturbing to some children -LRB- in short , you are a burden to your parents , and they would do anything , including murder , to get rid of you -RRB- . The acting is so bad you feel uncomfortable watching it ... three notable examples are the babbling , neurotic `` wolf '' , the three `` hip '' maniacal troll children and Laroquette 's character , who tries and fails to convey that he takes this whole romp seriously . you actually feel sorry for all of the actors in this series , and hope that the poor acting is a result of an irredeemable script and not lack of talent . There are some cute moments , like an obese Snow White -LRB- the fairest in the land ? -RRB- and a geriatric Cinderella -LRB- or Sleeping Beauty , I forget -RRB- whose youthful face belies bone cracking agony whenever she is invited to dance . All in all , adults will find this film completely unwatchable , and kids will find it weird , incomprehensible or just boring , perhaps a healthy dose of all three.The sad fact is there was SO much potential here , and the special effects really are spectacular -LRB- the opening sequence in particular -RRB- , and the series ' failure to deliver just leaves one angry and wanting to mash the tapes into tiny , little bits , especially after ten hours of hoping that it will somehow get better.See `` Arabian Nights '' with Leguizamo and others . It tackles the same theme and manages to deliver with much more humor and entertainment in 1/5 the time .
 Take your money and run . Do n't look back . This movie -LRB- and I use the term generously -RRB- is not worth your money nor your time . For that price , and during that time , you could watch three good movies from the clearance bin.Right from the beginning , the makers of this film show their utter disregard for their audience as we see a man graphically impaled on spikes at `` Snow White Memorial Prison '' . This is one fairy tale I would not want my kids to watch . And yet most of the film 's characters seem like they 're taken from a street theater puppet show , and they 're performed with the kind of over-acting you 'd expect from a show made for children . It 's like the Muppets with murder , blood , and gore thrown in for good measure.The plot is vapid , overly convoluted and with far too much accident which seems aimed at filling up the seemingly endless hours that it takes for this film to get to the ending . Everything about this film , from the story , to the costumes , the acting , the characters , the colors , makeup , and the abundant special effects , seems manufactured , artificial and overdone . And for a film that spans three -LRB- count 'em -RRB- DVDs , there 's a lot of overdoing to go around.This whole movie was just a really bad idea . It 's not a good idea gone bad like burnt toast . No sir , this is a licorice and liver sausage sundae . Do n't touch it with a ten-foot troll .
 There is plenty of cleverness in this mini-series , both in setting and in characters . Furthermore most of the actors are very good -LRB- except for those who are ... well ... not -RRB- . In better hands this could have been a brilliant production . Some people clearly love this show , but to do that , you have to turn a blind eye to its failings . -LRB- Love is blind , though , is it not ? -RRB- In good fiction , the plot feels like a natural extension of the characters choices . In this production , the characters are dragged from plot point to plot point like some absurd relay race . It strained my suspension of disbelief until it snapped . By the third act , I was literally throwing my hands in the air in frustration.I instead recommend `` The Enchanted Forest Chronicles '' novels by Patricia C. Wrede .
 The sellers claimed this product 's condition to be new . It was not . It was horrible . First off , I needed to rewind the video , which tells me that it was not new . Ok fine . Slightly used . No big deal , I can deal with having to rewind something . However , after rewinding , when we tryed to watch it , it was unwatchable . I do n't even know how to describe it . Flashes of white every second or so as if you were trying to watch it through a thunderstorm or something . And not just in the beginning , but through the whole thing - beginning , middle and end . I was very disappointed . I thought `` Friends of the Library '' would understand the importance of product representation , but I was wrong . I will never purchase anything from them again . I seriously hope they clean up their act because what they did was just plain wrong .
 Not very well done and boring to the extreme , overdone on the wolf character , definetly not a kids movie . Way too long and seemed to get stuck in the middle so to speak . Definetly would not recommend it to anyone . Most scenes could have been left out entirely , most were just crude ; it just seemed to go on and on , needlessly . Just plain bad .
 Two -LRB- 2 -RRB- Stars -- and that 's being generous -- is the most I can give this film . Sorry to say that -- for ME -- it was a severe disappointment , too sophomoric in plot/script/execution / direction but with some -- only some -- interesting special effects . Yes , the CONCEPT is a good one , but it never comes to fruition in this film with flawed character development -LSB- too comic strip simplistic -RSB- and only the Evil Queen barely believable in her malice . If you MUST , rent it vs buying it for viewing or else you 're wasting your money !
 I love fantasy and magic realism . However , this is not really a fantasy film . It 's a frenetic series of adventures featuring a group of bumbling characters who somehow manage to do things right by accident once in a while . The humor is slapstick . The atmosphere is not magical . It 's a predictable type of Hollywood film dressed up with a bunch of special effects , plus special side jokes for New Yorkers . And it 's tiresomely , tediously long . I could barely get through it . OK , the special effects are sophisticated and expensive , but repeat , this is not really a fantasy .
 The 10th Kingdom is a very unique and interesting idea and gives a unique approach to the fairy tales of our childhood . Unfortunately , the slow-paced plot , terrible acting , and over-the-top directing doom this miniseries . Too many opportunities to explore the stories of Grimm brothers are passed up so the viewer can instead listen to the four main characters whine and complain about each other and their lot in life , not that you 'll blame them since you can hardly stand them yourself.Kimberly Williams , -LRB- Father of the Bride , Life According to Jim -RRB- as Virginia , is the only bright spot of this ten-hour bore . Her spunky pluck and charisma carry the movie through the by-the-numbers plot and plodding dialogue . Virginia 's father , Tony , played by John Larroquette -LRB- The John Larroquette Show -RRB- is a pathetic , money-loving , dolt of a father who is constantly looking for short cuts through life . The audience knows how and why his plans are going to fail long before they do . Joining them is Prince Wendell , but wait ! Prince Wendell is a dog voiced by Daniel Lapaine -LRB- Brokedown Palace , Helen of Troy -RRB- who also plays as a dog masquerading as the prince . Neither performance is adequate even though the prince is the merely the formulaic , soon-to-be-king , spoiled brat figure . But the worst of the worst is Scott Cohen -LRB- Private Parts -RRB- as Wolf . He is a were-wolf type character who is so over-the-top annoying that the viewers are left cringing whenever he dominates a scene , which he gets to do a lot since he 's either talking to himself alone or trying to win Virginia 's heart by waxing poetically , or so he thinks . These monologues , I think , exist to provide conflict and create suspense , or maybe they are the comic relief . They do neither , which is why you 've probably never heard of Scott Cohen since.The villains , the Evil Queen -LRB- that 's what they call her ! -RRB- , her huntsman and Acorn the dwarf are all played capably enough by Dianne West , Rutger Hauer , and Warwick Davis respectively . Only the huntsman really succeeds though as a villain worth fearing and is the only complex character of the movie as even in the end you hold out hope for his redemption . Ed O'Neill -LRB- Married With Children -RRB- as the Troll King , Relish , is merely Al Bundy with a violent streak put in and any sense of humor removed.The sets are pretty good , creative and unique , and each setting does a good job of adding some depth to story but in the end the fairy tales , which are only alluded to vaguely in the main story-line , are always keep tantalizingly out of sight and reach or the viewer . What could have been a great story is reduced to a drawn out tale of angst with four underdogs trying to stop the stereotypical evil queen from ruling the magical land you do n't get to see enough of . The first two hours take place mainly in New York City for heaven sakes ! In the end most viewers will be left wondering why it took ten hours to tell this tale when it probably could have been done in a little over three . Best unintentional comedy ? The open ending that shows that the producers wanted to make a sequel ! Oh the horror !
 This movie is so scattered and is unworthy of the Hallmark name which is the reason I bought it .
 The discs were loose when I recived the product anbd the cover was all wrinkled from water damage I would not buy ever again
 I bought the DVD set based on some of the customer reviews here , but I ca n't imagine what show they were watching.This could have fantastic , if only the premise had been put in the hands of someone with real imagination and the courage to try to do something different than standard american TV fare.As it is , we sat for long stretches between the bits of actual entertainment that peeked through now and then.What a waste .
 The name Corbin Bernsen is pronounced , but this is the serei not the movie so he is n't in it.It 's just boring .
 The dvd arrived fast and in time but i could not watch it . It skipped all the way and there was no picture.All 3DVD exhibited same issue . Did n't bother to return .
 Bought this at $ 20.95 on 28-Aug-2012 & the selling price today is $ 14.98 , in less than a week !!! What has been done to keep the price competitive ?? Ridiculous !!!
 I purchased this for my third granddchild as I had gotten the original ones for my oldest one . These are rather boring compared to the originals .
 I got this because a friend gave me the older ones . This does n't give you the sounds of the alphabet as they 're learning them . I was disappointed because there 's a lot out there for learning their ABC 's but not the phonics of them . That 's what I wanted . All the cd 's seem more entertainment based than educational now .
 Received wrong item , not same as picture show , do not understand how they shipped like that , really disappointed when open the packet and see not the right one we been waiting for
 I have yet to see a remake that comes anywhere near the original , and this is sadly no exception to the rule . It starts out well enough , with an hysterically funny dance number - Mel and Anne doing `` Sweet Georgia Brown '' in Polish . That is not only the biggest laugh in the movie , it may be the last one . From there on , the timing is awful , the jokes simply do n't work , and what was touching in the Jack Benny original becomes tasteless . Skip it .
 Here 's the problem with To Be Or Not To Be-Seriousness , that 's rigth seriousness . TBONTB is so damn dramatic , according to Mel Brooks the movie was based on Ernst Lubitsch 1942 classic about a man and his wife owing a theater and then being attack by stupid ass nazis . In other words this movie was n't like other Mel Brooks masterpieces , please Mel do n't do more dramatic pictures with nazis in it . It 's discriminating
 THIS DVD SUCKS MY SON COULD HAVE DONE A BETTER JOB RECORDING THIS !!!!!! NEEDS TO EXPLAIN THAT SOMEONE RECORDED IT AND BUR N'T IT TO A DVD !!!!!!!!!!! HATE THIS PRODUCT SAVE YOUR MONEY AND DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM !!!!!!!!
 This is not a professional product . It looks like it was done by an audience member with horrible sound.NOT WORTH more than $ 3 .
 The name Corbin Bernsen is pronounced , but this is the serei not the movie so he is n't in it.It 's just boring .
 I was in Guanajuato , Mexico in March , 2008 , when NPR filmed a pledge week special called `` Fiesta Mexicana , '' featuring Vickie Carr and the beautifull city of Guanajuato . Unfortunately , the Fiesta Mexicana I received was not that . I was so disappointed , because I had been trying to get the Vickie Carr film from NPR . Even though it was listed on NPR 's WEB site , it was never made available .
 you people do n't stand behind your products ... the cracked DVD was never replaced , even after a promise that it would be ... Shame on you .
 Well it is Jan. 19 and I am still waiting to receive the correct item ordered Hack Vol . 5 . The supplier shipped me Vol . 4 and although I have contacted them on several occasions both through and outside of Amazon.com channels I have yet to receive the correct DVD . My credit card has already been charged for this item and I have yet to receive the correct item supposedly shipped on Jan. 4 . Dissatisfied Customer .
 Ok gang I made a boo boo on this skid mark of a movie , I found this corn infested nugget in the blow out box at the local vid . store coverless for .99 cents . I honest to god thought it said Boarheads on the case . I bought it along with a stack of top shelf dvd 's for 99 cents each threw this gym in the player and much to my surprise I have Boardheads a surfer flick . Ok this movie does have a lot of pretty girls running around in bikinis but in no way will this justify setting thru this lame excuse for a movie.The T. & A. will make it a little less painful but it 's like putting honey on a crunchy dog rocket , it 's still dog waste . While I am on a role lets talk about the cast , Gabrielle Anwar is a very pretty young lady but still ca n't help us since her beauty is off set by Bronson Pinchot . Bronson is like the old man on the bus with sores and skin tags all over his face , he is just something I pray I never have to look at again.My god casting this flamer as a man interested in snapper is like casting Paris Hilton as the Virgin Mary .
 Lame wannabe T & A comedy -LRB- missing the T & A and for the most part the comedy -RRB- about three middle-aged dorks who hire a beach stud to help them `` pull some tasties '' . Yea , that 's a alright premise for a movie -LRB- it worked for HARDBODIES ! -RRB- , but my number one problem is
 I 've seen bad movies but I 'm not too sure I 've ever seen one this bad ! Thanks be that there are no special features . I can just imagine the crew patting themselves on the back -LRB- as they usually do -RRB- for making this drivel . This is the type of movie they should have to pay YOU to suffer through !
 BOARDHEADS -LRB- MGM -RRB- is an excrutiangly unfunny attempt at a retro beach movie starring Bronson Pinchot , Loretta Swit and Gabrielle Anwar . A bad day at the beach .
 Because this would be a great drive-in movie . If you want to be traumatized for the rest of your life by Loretta Swit 's `` Mrs. Robinson '' turn , buy it .
 This movie could have been 4/5 in the hands of a talented director . Instead we get this hack director who is really just a ultra boring rich kid with a movie camera , and he succeeds in making an interesting subject totally tiresome within 20 minutes . A good movie dealing with rich youth is Metropolitan , A bad one is ` Born Rich ' . This film is of course a documentary while the other is a film , yet Metropolitan is actually more insightful regarding the activities of young rich kids . Two or three of the kids in Born Rich are semi interesting ... yet either this guy did n't ask the right questions or edited out the good parts because he made everyone a little drab . Trump 's daughter get way too much film time and listening to her uber-affected speech for 15 minutes or so drops this from a 3 star to a 2 star.The kid who directed the film and his painter/rich dude father are 2 of the most boring people ever captured on film . Overall the kids are pretty vapid and surprisingly not very articulate . The kid who directed the film demonstrates on a few occasions here that he can barely put together a coherent thought . How can he expect to make a relevant documentary?Lets be honest here ... the film is a vacuous mess . I 'm all for vacuity when done with talent ... but there is nothing here ... really .
 I really enjoyed this glipse into the lives of 10 young filthy rich kids . I came away with preferring my problems with not having enough money to their problems of worrying about losing their money . I was also saddened that they were , for the most part , too shallow -LRB- maybe too young -RRB- to see the opprotunities that they have to make themselves and others around them happy by doing something really good for others . I do n't remember hearing anything about using the money to enrich humanity or help alleviate some of the problems that take money to solve . . anything from paying for an inner city baseball team to fighting AIDS in Africa or any number of things in-between that these people could contribute to . Maybe they are too removed from reality to see the vast need around them.I came away with the feeling of what a waste of money to let it concentrate in the hands of people who did not earn it , have little ambition , and have no idea how to use it wisely . `` It 's harder for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of heaven than for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle . '' -LRB- I 'm an atheist , but it 's still a great saying from the Bible . -RRB- Maybe these kids could turn out OK if they met up with Bono and read up on current events . It 's a no brainer that they would be so much happier if they knew how to give back in a really big way . Now that would be a great sequel !
 Great , rich kids are people too . This is what this movie is supposed to show , but instead it shows that rich kids are naive and full of themselves .
 Jamie Johnson 's -LRB- of the Johnson and Johnson inheritance -RRB- gutteral , slow monotone monologue from the start does n't bode well for thislook at America 's young adults from super rich families . He along with most of the other rich kids he interviews come off as lacking any depth or smarts . I did n't see anything here that made me envious either . To this documentary 's credit , we were n't shown rich kids with their mansions and Ferrari 's and private jets . If we did n't already know these were some super wealthy children of uber rich families we would n't pay any attention to any of them.There was some superficial chatter about what they got treated like by others who know they are rich , how they are catered to , how they are repeatedly advised not to marry without a prenup , how they hope to have careers , or how they have careers as models in two cases.Never did any of the conversations or thoughts go beyond these superficial matters and I had to wonder if they ever had any thoughts that had any depth . In my opinion , this was n't flattering . Probably Ivanka Trump talking about her love of extravagant shopping , as if she is revealing her innermost thoughts , is the way their lives go every day.Jamie Johnson goes around asking his rich relatives what he should do , what career he should have , and is advised to become a collector of old maps . `` As a career ? '' he asks . The answer : `` Yes , as a career . '' So there he is in an old map shop looking at old maps . After this film I do n't see him having a career as a filmaker . I was glad this was only fifty seven minutes long . Nothing of interest was presented . These people seemed dull , vapid , and never called upon by life to develop any interests or skills beyond partying . As a look at how the offspring of the super rich think it was revealing but not in the way Jamie imagined.So I gave it two stars for that .
 I have n't seen anything this bad since the Lone Ranger ! Plot
 Just shows that you ca n't trust anyone anymore ! Not in the land of DVD , anyway . Based on my positive experience with Goodtimes ' superior transfer of `` Angel and the Badman , '' I went with Goodtimes for their version of this nice old Lassie flick.At first , all looked well -- the title screen and the chapter preview pages are sharp and colorful . Imagine my shock when I selected `` play movie '' and a murky , ghost ridden , dirt speckled image darkened my screen ! This is absolutely the worst DVD transfer I have ever seen . Looks something like an old 8mm print projected on a bed sheet and transfered to video with a VHS-C camcorder!Three additional things
 5 stars for Lassie ; 1 star for this crummy VHS ! Here 's more good advice to stick to the MGM VHS ! We just bought The Painted Hills in a stated Collector 's Edition claiming a `` Direct 35mm Film Transfer '' by the Bridgestone Group . After you open it you find unwatchable garbage that refuses to track in automatic or manual settings on different vcrs ! Good idea to email your seller and ask about the studio , these reviews are used at multiple sites , and although I entered the AISN before writing this , Bridgestone is not mentioned at this site , and I see several other reviews for DVDs ! Caveat Emptor ! Buyer Beware !
 Extremely poor story and script with ridiculous , laughable dialogue . We 've even got stupid people falling off cliffs backwards without being pushed . This is the only Lassie movie that never appeared in a New York Times review . The terrible transfer is quite fitting ! Dreadful BOMB
 Magnificent scenery , reminds me of my vacations out west with my parents , when I was young . The video is of extremely poor quality , though . Could be very distracting during certain parts of the movie . If you are sensitive to video quality issues , you wo n't like it . Otherwise , enjoy !
 I bought two International Babies 101 DVDs , one in Spanish and one in Japanese , and excitedly opened the Japanese version to play for my toddler . Boy , was I surprised ... the singing was REALLY off-key and the choice of music very inappropriate ! In fact the lyrics to one of the songs is : `` My grandfather 's clock was to large for the shelf , So it stood ninety years on the floor ; It was taller by half than the old man himself , Though it weighed not a pennyweight more.It was bought on the morn of the day that he was born , And was always his treasure and pride.But it stopp 'd short , Never to go again , When the old man died . . ChorusNinety years without slumberingTick , tock , tick , tock , His life seconds numbering , Tick , tock , tick , tockIt stopp 'd short , Never to go againWhen the old man died . `` Seriously , does anyone what their little one listing to music about Grandpa dying?I was n't expecting `` Baby Einstein '' quality -LRB- in fact , my child 's favorite DVD is Baby IQ Language 's `` Learning Chinese and English Together , '' a very low-tech , but well-done DVD -RRB- , but this was really bad . I do like the alphabet section , but that 's a small portion of the DVD which mostly shows videos wind-up toys and has the out-of-tune singing.I also puchased the Spanish version of International Babies 101 , but have not opened it because I 'm afraid it will be as bad as the Japanese version , especially since it has the same song list . I 'll be sending this back ASAP .
 Die hard fans of John Valby will probably want this in their DVD collection - there do n't seem to be many other live DVD 's produced . The video and sound quality on this production suck ! As previously mentioned it looks like it was filmed using a Micky Mouse Video Cam . The video quality is worse than VCD and the sound is terrible . Not recommended for anyone except those that absolutely have to have a keepsake remider of his shows .
 This little film is a bit schizophrenic and a little too staged for comfort . We are in post war France , but we are also in a little American bubble as GI 's bring American culture to a place that does n't need it . There 's a little teen love story mixed in here , but overall I was n't entertained .
 I suppose in the budding subgenre of revenge/torture-porn , ' 7 Days ' distinguishes itself as a superficially polished production that pointedly takes little glee in its subject matter -LRB- as echoed in a scene where the killer-cum-victim taunts his victim-cum-torturer for not enjoying his newfound depravity very much -RRB- . But once the good doctor -- father of the central plot 's raped-and-murdered girl -- snaps , the show is all but over
 I love Oscar with Louis De Funes but this DVD is in French without English subtitles and it is not an English version as this product page claims . Since I do n't know French I ca n't enjoy it fully . I even bought it twice hoping to receive what is advertised on the page but twice I received the same French version . I am disappointed . I hope Amazon changes the description of this product soon since it is something different from what is being advertised .
 It 's clear the guy playing the bass is a good bass player ... but not a good teacher . He does n't explain things at all which would n't be that bad if they showed you what he was doing with his hands but the veiw is so far away it is wothless . The only good quality of the video is the musical notation that goes along with the riffs -LRB- DVD Version -RRB- . This is probably the only thing that makes this video usable . I like some of the other MVP guitar videos , but this bass video is not that good .
 I bought this dvd after reading all the great reviews and I was VERY disappointed . First off , it is outdated and that is annoying with the annoying music - but the background exercisers really bug me too . Not only that , the moves are strange . She does a lot of shoulder work moving back and forth with her feet to the beat of the cheesy music . I found my neck hurt A LOT after that . The leg section would be good if there was another way to position yourself . The ab section too was so old school , I was hoping to find some new exercises . I love Karen Voight but this dvd was definately the worst I have yet to purchase of hers . All the other Karen Voight I own I absolutely love .
 I loved this DVD ... before I learned about proper weight training methods . Karen instructs viewers to do so many consecutive repetitions of exercises that muscles will fatigue , but they wo n't be properly stimulated to grow or to truly attain that nice tone we all want . Calories will be burned because you 're moving around a weight for a long time , but if you really want a workout that will improve your physique , just start learning the basics of good old standard weight training routines -- squats , lunges , presses , etc. .
 I read all the black stallion books over and over growing up . I liked the movies okay . But this series is a travesty ! I 've watched six eps of the first series and have yet to see a race -LRB- and it 's not as if it starts where the book did -RRB- . They talk about racing ; they seem to be on the fair circuit , which is a huge problem for me . The acting is horrible . They yell at each other all the time . Alec is unbelievable . Mickey Rooney makes William Shatner 's Denny Crane look restrained . Every plot is like an after school special . This is not the black stallion and Alec Ramsey I grew up with and I 'm not going to bother to finish this series because I 'm so disappointed . Buyer beware .
 1 . Very LOOSELY based on Walter Farley 's book and set in 1990 's . The original book was published in 1941 and the premise that a horse while obviously an extremely well bred animally with predominately Arabian bloodlines but with no papers could be raced on any thoroughbred circuit does not update to the 1990 's .2 . Old TV shows are not made to be viewed multiple times or on a large screen , so that plays into the lack of quality
 I bought this video to help retrain my bass drum technique . I for one was very disappointed with the limited scope and how much excruciating detail is put into obvious and natural motions . The video does n't go into any detail on more advanced applications such as repeated bass drum triplets , 32nd notes , or even touch on double bass drumming.The instructor talks WAY too much in a very monotone delivery . For every section , I 've had to fast forward just to get to actual playing . I honestly believe I could get the same info from a shorter presentation on Youtube.At the same time , I purchased Jojo Mayer 's `` Secret Weapons '' to develop hand technique . Jojo 's video is superb and in comparison highlights what little info is in this DVD -LRB- but in excruciating detail -RRB- .
 I 'm a great fan of Steve Earle , the outspoken activist/musician and the subject of this documentary . I had read a recent biography of him , so I was somewhat familiar with his life , music , and politics , and was looking forward to learning more when I put this DVD in.JUST AN AMERICAN BOY contains some terrific musical performances , but sadly it leaves Earle himself unknowable . The 2002 tour , the film 's primary setting , occurred during the firestom over `` John Walker 's Blues '' , a song on Earle 's JERSUALEM album widely misunderstood as being pro-Taliban . There are a lot of issues to discuss here , yet Earle is heard to say little on the subject in the film , and we just get some recycled news clips for context . Footage from a court-ordered concert at a prison comes late and out of chronological order in the film , and little is said about Earle 's overcoming some whopping addictions earlier in his life . In one bizarre scene , Earlr recounts a story of being arrested while carrying a gun which accidentally discharges to a woman who laughs uproariously and inappropriately . Also , I would have liked more on Earle 's musical roots , there 's only a brief mention of the iconoclastic singer-writers who nurtured Earle , like Townes Van Zandt.Overall , a disappointing film about a fascinating man .
 When I first read the review of this documentary I thought , `` Wow ! I have to buy this '' . WHAT A MISTAKE !!! This is by far the worst piece of crap I 've ever purchased . The `` film-making '' was absolutely horrible ... Shaky , amateurish edits done with what looks like a cheap , home video camera . It literally looks like someones 12 year old kid put this together . But even if you can stomach the amateurish production , the bad story telling can not be overlooked . The film-makers seemed to lose focus after the first 10 minutes of so ... Very little meaningful insight into the man behind the music . All in all ... a horrible document of a great musical talent .
 I love Steve Earle , and was really interested in a backstage look at his politics and tour . Unfortunately , this DVD does n't feel cohesive or complete . And -- although I 've heard Steve Earle is quite a character -- I thought the film was fairly dull . Some great footage though , especialy the bluegrass show .
 ... and there was such great potential here but none of it was realized . Poor sound , poor camera work and way to much of Steve just jabbering on . Where there was finally some music as often as not there was taking over it too . I watched it once and sold it . If you want a lesson in Steve 's politics , this is for you . If you want music , forget it .
 This movie is hilariously bad . For as many cinematographers and editors that were involved with this film both are exceptionally awful . The picture painted of Earle himself is contradictory . There are lots of great tidbits with him throughout the film . I wish there was a highlight reel of just that footage . Most of the film is shaky bad angles of concerts from 2002 . The rest of the film is a mish-mash of verete ' footage . I simply must mention the overuse of bad visual fx . It 's almost like the editors found the effects tab in Final Cut Pro and used all the ones they could at the most inappropriate times . From random freeze frames to random blue vertical stripes to semi psychedelic tracers this movie has it all . This filmmaker 's theory is that the fx were used to hide footage that would otherwise be unusable.Moreover the technical problems of this film are overshadowed by the poor jumbled storytelling . Even with Wikipedia at my side while watching this film , it still has no narrative hook or structure that is decipherable.Earle proves to be a fascinating character , amateur filmmaking aside and many of his songs are strong enough to keep the film bumbling along to it 's welcomed abrupt anticlimactic finish.Recommend for hardcore Steve Earle fans only . Although , this movie is so bad you might end up liking Steve less at the film 's close . If I were Steve Earle I 'd be embarrassed and upset to have participated in a film this bad was made about myself .
 Let me preface this by saying I love Steve Earle 's music but this really is an appalling DVD.No doubt like many others , I was looking forward to this DVD , hearing Steve speak about making this album and it 's subsequent reception from the public , the press and the politicians here in the US.What we get is a jumbled collection of live footage -LRB- which at times hints at how great a Steve Earle concert can be but generally falls short , especially with the Doctor Who-like effects -RRB- and some video that looked like it was shot with a Sony Handycam . I have no reason to suspect otherwise . The film has no thread and completely fails to draw you in . Poor sound , poor footage and poor editing will leave you wondering why you wasted two hours watching this - its not 2 hours long but you keep on rewinding because you ca n't hear what was said . This DVD is the musical equivalent of someone being given a fine piece of steak and deciding to make a sloppy Joe out of it .
 Deathstalker 3 Warriors from Hell is n't as good as Deatrhstalker 2 so now I know why this movie is n't on DVD but it completes the collection .
 There is only one reason I can think of to explain why anyone would read this so I do n't have to tell you why I dislike Deathstalker III but even if you are a mstie you should think twice before watching it .
 This must be one of the worst movies this yr-poorly acted , terrible plot , lousy actors , and very perdictable . I admit I rented this movie to see some shots of Kari Wuhrer but I did not see any-just 5 other babes who could not act at all-this looked like a movie made by Playboy productions-plenty of bare breasted chicks but no substance . What was Kari Wuhrer doing in this flop ? At least she can act somewhat but in this one she seemed way above the rest of the cast because even her below par performance was far better than anyone else . In addition there were no shots of her in this movie which added to the disappointment -- do n't try this movie-you will be very disappointed if you are a Kari Wuhrer fan-the fox did not show it at all --
 this movie is totall junk , bad act , bad plot , bad actress , even the nude and sex scenes are annoying . this tile should go directly go tho garbage can . keep your money and stay away from this crap .
 this movie was n't scary at all , except seeing how old the women look just 5 years out of college . there was one ` reunion ' shot where there were some like 60 year old women , luckily they did n't show their breasts . plus , enough with the strangulation , horror movies do n't have stranglers dressed like ninjas . i actually checked this out from the library and found myself wondering who does the movie selection for them . i probably would have liked it if i 'd seen it on skinemax when i was like 15 .
 Self castration would be preferable to viewing this masterpiece of suckedness . You are sure to sustain massive eye injury due to the vicious amounts of eye rolling required to endure this horiffic tragedy . So please , before viewing this muck , blind yourself with hot fireplace pokers . You 'll thank yourself later . Fred Olen Ray should be required to take hours off his lifespan and return them to the victims that suffered this calamity . Only would that I could express how much I loathed Final Examination .
 Disjointed ... predictable . . derivative . Those are just a few of the adjectives I attach to this sub-par slasher flick . The director had these five `` babes '' so to speak , so he had to make sure they each got their nude scene accompanied by lounge lizard music . They caress their bodies , play with their boobies and do all kinds of stupid things , just to show off their anatomical gifts . It 's so poorly done that it 's not the least bit titillating , pardon the pun . Add to this that not one of the ladies can act -LRB- Debbie Rochon is as usual repulsive in her attempts -RRB- . Kari Wuhrer and Brent Huff as the cops should be ashamed of themselves for participating in this quickie . The plot is as predictable as they come and the extra twists at the end are only good for snickers.If slasher films continue to degenerate into pablum like this clunker , the genre should be retired . R.I.P.
 I 'll have to agree with Izzie , this was the absolute WORST movie I have ever seen . Can you say cheese ? ... I mean really , it was literally the most poorly written film of all time ! If there was an award for that now they might stand a chance ... oh wait ! The Raspberries , theres an award worthy of this masterpiece -LRB- of crap -RRB- . Happy viewing , but really , dont waste your dollar.p.s . You know a film is going to be a winner when one of the characters name is Hugh Janus ... I was waiting for his partner I.P Freely to show up .
 Awful play , awful dialogs , actors sound the same , all emotions are the same . In my opinion it 's an awful movie ... I stopped the DVD after watching the first hour .
 This series was so frustrating to watch , at least for those who are familiar with evangelion -LRB- a far more superior anime -RRB- . Everything in Dual was stolen from evangelion , the main character was a shinji ikari rip off , and the two girls were EXACTLY like asuka and Rei . Even the mechs they had looked like evas . Its a pity that people would give this 5 stars . The length of it was also lame , it had 13 episodes , yup 13 ! and I think they chose 13 because its an unlucky number and the stupid fans would think this is creepy -LRB- something evangelion always has been -RRB- .
 Unfortunately this is not what I expected . It is a simple taped interview without any footage from the objects or events discussed . Just a tape of a conversation from one point of view and nothing more . No music , no authentic documents or visual materials , no pictures ... A big title and nothing to show-it is a pity .
 An ABC News VIDEO , Hosted by Forrest Saywer of DAY ONE , A video version of We Were Soldiers Once And Young which is 25 % Fiction and should ` nt be considerd as history . ABC News takes Jack P. Smith -LRB- coward at LZ ALBANY and of the Vietnam war accoording to the uniform code of military Justice art. 99 -RRB- , of ABC News and Host of ABC NEWS VIDEO `` VIETNAM The Soldiers Story `` Which volume one `` AMBUSH ! THE BATTLE OF THE IA DRANG is a take off of Saywers `` They Were Young and Brave '' and Galloways and Col.Moores `` We Were Soldiers Once And Young '' . Smith does correct some of the mistakes from `` They Were Young and Brave '' BUT !! not all of them . , Galloway -LRB- plegerist -RRB- at U.S.News and World Report and Col.Moore -LRB- had no knowledge of airmobile tatics -RRB- the Battalion Commander of the 1 Battalion 7 cavalry 1 cavalry Division Airmobile , and a select group of veterans back to the battle field of LZ XRAY NOV 14,1965 , LZ ALBANY 17 NOV 1965 . The video a collection of shorts of the 10000 Day War , and Vietnam TV History , video shot during the trip and combat film shot after 5:00 pm when the team arrived at X-RAY . Saywer -LRB- Who caught malira during the trip -RRB- and ABC News trying to bolster Day Ones rating aired `` They Were Young and Brave '' on Jan 10,1994 and June 29,1995 of 1 Hour each , `` Prime Time '' . THINGS WRONG Helicopter being shot down . Helicopter is from village war and the PAVN gunner is from TET , The rest of the mistakes Quoated by Saywer the corrections are Taken from We Were Soldiers Once and young so I 'll put the page and number . Col. Moore did ` nt call in the BROKEN ARROW code , The FAC LT. Charlie W. Hastings did . Page 7 and 149 . The lost Platoon wase ` nt rescued in the morning but in the afternoon at 3:00 pm by Tully 's 2/5 , Page 174 . The combat film team did ` nt get to X-Ray until 5:00 PM they came in with B company of the 2/7 , Capt. Forrest of the 1/5 did ` nt fly in the day before , They walked in with McDades 2/7 . on the way to LZ Abany . The 2 PAVN captured at LZ Albany were ARMED not unarmed page 225 , Jack P. Smiths story dose ` nt match his orignal story from the Saturday Evening Post Jan 28,1967 page 263 when he is used as a sand bag , Smith changed his story when he spoke at the Wall becouse any veteran there would know he was lying.From the post page 82 3rd coloum bottom of page SMITH '' His feet were by my head and his head WAS BETWEEN MY FEET !!!! as you see the hot rounds coulnt hit him in the back !! . BY SP/4 RUSSELL L. ROSS D TROOP 2/7 garry owen -LRB- RECON PLATOON -RRB- loneranger32 , B company 1/511 inf airborne 11 AirAssualt test 90mm Recoilless Rifle antitank gunner , B company 2/8 1st cavalry division Airmobile , the 511 became the 2/8
 De Funes , what i remember on past years , he is a good comedien , happened that this special movie of him is not good at all . . i am sorry that i choose a wrong one.If you expecting a good movie you will be disapointed .
 i watched this movie through netflix 's online streaming capabilities several months ago . i absolutely fell in love with Lisa Hannigan 's music because of this movie . the movie itself is worth a watch especially if you 're into pop music . i 'm not much of a pop fan myself and watched mostly because i respect Herbie Hancock as a jazz pianist . it really pretty neat to see modern musicians take on some of these songs and use their talents in a different genre . the movie itself i would give 4 stars . my problem with this set is that the CD that comes with it is n't the Possibilities CD . it 's only a rough mix of 4 songs . the price when i bought it was pretty cheap and my thought process going in was , `` i 'll pay this much just to have a CD quality version of Billie Holiday 's ` Do n't Explain ' -LRB- performed by Herbie Hancock , Damien Rice , and Lisa Hannigan . -RRB- and the DVD will be a bonus . '' but the CD does n't have the song and i do n't really want to buy the Possibilities CD for one song . i did n't pay that much and so i do n't really feel like i was ripped off , but to advertise this set as `` Herbie Hancock
 If you want to buy this DVD/CD expecting you will receive Hancock 's `` Possibilities '' album , you will not . The CD contains only 4 songs , and the DVD is a sort of documentary film about how the album was recorded . The DVD itself might be considered interesting if you are a huge jazz fan , but be aware that this is not the full album .
 I have picked this movie up at the library the other day because it looked pretty good . When I was done watching the movie I realized that it was n't what I really expected.First I like to say that I like the fact that the main characters are cut off from the rest of the world which makes the movie more present , like something that could be happen here and now . Most of the time you do n't get the usual distraction of local color - costumes , old cars , etc - to show that this really is the past . Personally it does get quite annoying at times when movies use a lot of sepia coloring or historical allusions like famous news radio broadcasts so that you ca n't forget for a moment the distance between then and now.Moreover I think this movie fits into a trend of recent studies of history . A lot of books or documentaries on historical events stress the importance of understanding individual experiences to get a glimpse of the big picture . This is the first time ever seeing these actors and actress of this film . The children performance I thought was phenomenal . The plot and the direction of the film was great but I felt that it could have been more , I 'm not too sure if the director 's films are mostly made that way or that his preference.One of the main reasons I was disappointed on this film is that I thought it would have lots of passion in it , but it was n't release until the end of the movie . I do n't know maybe I set myself up on this one . The cover made it seems as though the movie was filled with passion from beginning to end ... boy was I wrong . `` Strayed '' just left me hanging . Secondly the movie was way too short and incomplete . I did n't like the fact it ended abruptly like that ... what 's the rush man ? I needed more.Other than that , it 's a well French cinema , which is the kind most film critics leniently praise precisely for wandering . You 've got a storyline leading nowhere at times , characters discovering nothing so that nothing important happens . The pictures are usually nice and ... uh ... . there 's a little sex to thank you for waiting . Then it 's over and you wonder why you wandered into this film . `` Strayed '' is a well made movie that gives an authentic feeling and creates an intimate arena for these lost souls but unfortunately the film did n't quite reach my needs .
 With all due respects to Techine and the stunning Emmanuelle Beart , who plays Odile , the sad , siren of a mother trying to survive another tragedy , the last portion of screenwriting , of this otherwise fine movie , is a hurried mess.Synopsis ; Fleeing Paris during WWII from the Germans , a mother and her 2 children hook up with a mysterious , young man -LRB- Gaspard Ulliel , I liked him in `` A Very Long Engagement '' -RRB- who seems to know his way through trouble . They hold up in an abandoned but beautiful home in the country unsure about their fate.Most of this movie is captivating . The character development under the looming cloud of wartime terror drives the interest as they find a temporary serendity ; the children actors are very good , and we care about their outcome.Contrary to the cover , there 's very little sex in the movie . Suddenly , near the end of the flick , they throw in a quick , poorly timed , weird , ho-hum , love scene . After so much care building the suspense and the relationships , they rush off to the ending , slam-bam . And it 's a dud . `` C'est la guerre ! '' One might say . Ok , but we were left scratching our heads wondering if they ran out of money .
 i am a sunny die hard fanatic . i have turned so many people on to this show . but season 6 was truly not up to par . i dont know what happened . maybe the writers were different , maybe its lost is edge . i dont know . but there was at most a couple good episodes this season . i really hope they re-discover their mojo and get back to what made this the funniest show on tv .
 Man oh man did this season suck , I can only remember a handful of funny moments , in fact I think I 'll list them now : - the Implication-the Who Got Dee Pregnant episode-Frank 's sex scene in Lethal Weapon 5-Charlie talking about beating up Dee 's baby -LRB- which was only funny because of the bloopers -RRB- and that 's it . The whole season is a bunch of misses that are just embarrasing to watch , it 's painfully obvious the original crew did n't write these episodes and instead it was handled by ` professional writers ' . So the characters are n't really themselves this season , it 's more of the characters trying to play themselves -LRB- that sentence made more sense in my head -RRB- and it is awfully predictable . `` Oh boy , here goes Charlie again , is n't he sooo craaazy being a school janitor ?? '' . Ugh.Also it 's always sunny 's blatant product placement is more obvious here , the whole Dennis gets Divorced episode might as well take place in a subway , because I only really remember that you can get a sweet breakfast at subway . Their coors lights are omnipotentally present as well , always facing the camera and reminding you that if you want to be cool like the gang , you better drink the beer they drink.I remember episodes like Mac 's big break , Mac & Charlie
 i love this show ! season five the funny started slipping . this season stinks . not funny !
 I am a huge fan and love the first five seasons , but come on season six has been horrible ... absolute garbage . Remember `` Who Pooped The Bed '' now try and think of an episode from season 6 , big difference huh ??
 First , I just have to say that I 'm a huge fan of Sunny . One of my favorites for the last few years . I have to say though , the writing for this season was about 2 rungs lower on the ladder than any other season . What 's to blame ? Was it Dee being pregnant ? Was it the fact that her husband -LRB- Mack -RRB- is the main writer for the show ? Are they struggling to find new ways to push the envelope ? Have they developed the existing characters as far as they can go?Regardless of the cause , I 'd say that if you 're a casual watcher of this show , purchase a different season and maybe wait until this season is played on Comedy Central . If you 're a die hard fan like me , I 'm sure you 've already seen this season and will buy the DVD just to keep your collection intact .
 I love Always Sunny , but even as a big fan I 'm surprised to see any good reviews for this season . While I can appreciate wanting to defend your favorite show based on its history , Season 6 obviously failed to deliver.The writing felt so off , and there was none of the usual rhythm or natural comedic flow to their banter . They were missing the spark that makes them hilarious , so instead they just felt disconnected . Some of the punchlines nearly merited a `` ba-dum-ch '' after the anti-climactic delivery . Almost every episode felt painfully forced , as if they were really digging for material . And they must have been , since in Episode 9 `` Dee Reynolds
 I regard my self a fan of this show . In fact i think it is very good . Seasons 1-5 , that is . The thing is , i noticed something was different about this season right from the get go . There are writing issues , as i found out they are using a team of writers this time . That simply did n't work out . It all seems forced now , not natural as it has been . It is almost as if the actors know that the lines they are spewing out , simply are n't funny . Overall the show has a very different feel to it this time around . Also , something happened on the production side . Suddenly the images have a much more `` clean '' quality to them . Almost faded out at times . That 's been known to happen to shows after a few seasons ; they start out with a formula of imagery that suits the show , then someone decides it 's time for a visual `` facelift '' . Some people may not notis this as much , but i feel it takes away the atmosphere of the show , which in this case should be filthy . Changes like that are just so unnecessary and annoying . Campared to the previous seasons , sadly the sixth is just a shell of the show 's former shadow . I put my faith in the 7th , as i 'm sure the gang and crew are painfully aware of the shortcomings of this season . Better luck next time.Update : After seeing the first 5 episodes of the seventh season , all of a sudden the sixth season does n't look that bad after all . Now with the seventh , they seem to have lost their way completely . Every trace of clever writing is now gone . All that is left are cheap `` shockers '' -LRB- homeless people banging under the boardwalk -RRB- , some puking and an increasingly unfunny Danny Devito . I would say that right now the show is completely unrecognizable . It used to be lowbrow humor in a clever way - now it 's lowbrow in the worst possible meaning of the word . I hope it gets better before the seasons finale , but it seems to me that they 've lost it completely .
 The critics of this season are correct , but with one caveat
 I too am an avid fan of It 's Always Sunny in Philadelphia and own the first 5 seasons on DVD and I could n't be more disappointed with Season 6 so far . The material seems forced , and many of the times I wonder if Rob , Charlie and Glenn even find the material funny or are they just pumping out another season . I could n't help but wonder if Kaitlin Olson 's -LRB- Dee Reynolds -RRB- pregnancy had something to do with the decline of the show as Rob McElhenney -LRB- Mac , and Kaitlin 's husband -RRB- and Kaitlin are preparing to be parents . Soon both Rob and Kaitlin will be dedicated to raising a newborn , which makes things tricky for Season 7 and the quality may further decline simply because the baby of these two will , and most certainly should , be the priority.Regardless I think I can safely rate season 6 with two stars at this point since 10 of the episodes have aired , and many have been a comedic miss making for a departure from It 's Always Sunny In Philadelphia 's uncanny comedic consistency . I will still buy season 6 as I think many fans of the series should since every episode has some moments now again and old character favorite 's make their appearance -LRB- Who Got Dee Pregnant ? -RRB- , and new potential classics are introduced -LRB- Charlie 's Uncle in Dennis Gets Divorced -RRB- .
 I can not recommend the first five seasons of It 's Always Sunny In Philadelphia more . They are just the best of the best when it comes to a comedic television series . This season , however , is flat and painfully unfunny . I do n't know if the cast is too involved in side projects , if there are new writers , if the first five were writen closer together , or what the case may be , but it is a shell of what it was . The dialogue and jokes are basically reused from the past five seasons and the storylines , although funny on paper , are flat and `` by-the-number '' in Always Sunny standards . Please come back next season , because Season 6 is a total , and consistant , pass .
 My girlfriend and I love Always Sunny -LRB- I own all 5 seasons -RRB- and we have watched the first 8 episodes from season 6 , but we both agree that this new season is a big let down . It seems as if they do n't really have much material to work with and it also feels as if the characters are trying too hard ; where as in the previous seasons the dialogue , acting and comedy all seemed very natural . This season is especially disappointing after the hilarious season 5 that had DENNIS System , Franks Intervention and Gang Wrestles for the Troops . ** UPDATEI have now seen every episode from this season and I hold the same opinion .
 I love the show but I have to agree with most of the other reviewers . This season has been disappointing . `` Who Got Dee Pregnant ? '' was hilarious maybe a a top ten episode . Buts that was the high point of this season.I 'll be back next year if they are but this season has been a let down .
 The only reason I am giving this 2 stars instead of one is because I genuinely am a huge fan of the cast and their work . That being said , this season had a few great moments , but really felt like it was lacking . I wish Kaitlin would have taken a break this season instead of parading around preggers . I applaud her for continuing to work through her pregnancy but it left a bad taste in my mouth as it felt like they were using her unborn child to sell the season . The last episode made me want to vomit . It was incredibly formulaic . It makes me sad that every episode was entirely predictable . One of my favorite things about the show was how shockingly funny it was . Instead I wish I could erase this season from my memory . I tried to tough it out to the very end , clinging to the frail hope that they would WOW me and it fell flat . If I were that child I would be furious and feel used .
 Not sure exactly what happened , but no where near as funny as earlier seasons . I agree that the something was just `` off '' this season . The dialogue , story lines , whatever ... . just was a huge let down for me for the entire season . Oh well at least I got 5 remarkable season before the series went bust . That 's more than u get with many other shows . If I had to pick a fav episode from season 6 it would b the buying the boat one .
 I keep forgetting that Hallmark is not as restricted as formerly . These topics deal with war -LRB- a well-made video but not for kids -RRB- , some far out philosophies and abnormal relationships . Not for folks who are attempting to instill wholesome values in their kids .
 The DVD was n't the same as shown on the case . It was the same as the Hallmark Collector set V. 3
 The one positive thing about this movie is it does use the King James Version Bible . One of the most disturbing things it does not show the Resurrection -LRB- without this , what hope does mankind have ? -RRB- . John the Baptist is shown in only two scences . The Baptism of Jesus is omitted -LRB- which Hollywood usually does not depict correctly in the first palce , i.e. full immersion -RRB- . The order of miracles are not correct . Even at the turn of the century Hollywood had set the pace for it 's on going deception .
 Very disappointed in this product . Expecting 5 discs worth of classic stooge episodes ... got only 1 Curly episode and 3 Shemp episodes . The first disc was an hour long documentary that was interesting , but the rest was junk ! 2 of the 5 discs contained nothing but 1965 stooges cartoons with Curly Joe . If you are a fan of the classic episodes -LRB- especially Curly -RRB- , then do n't waste your money on this .
 This is one of the worst rip-offs I have ever seen !! It 's an insult to all Stooges fans . Bad clips , a flakey voice over history and one movie . Two DVD 's are the 3 Stooges cartoons !! I have literally trashed my set and am now looking at other alternatives . I would not try to sell mine second hand as I would be ashamed of myself.Trust me , there is nothing here worth buying .
 Do n't bother with this one . You only get one DVD with any episodes on it -LRB- three Shemps and one Curly -RRB- , and the rest of the DVDs are nothing more than interviews , clips , and just plain filler material . These are a total waste of time and money .
 Unfortunately , I purchased this set at Borders before checking the reviews here . I totaly agree with all the negative points other reviewers have noted and could n't say much more about how dissapointed you will be if you waste your time with this set . It STINKS !
 A truly awful movie.Other than a great performance by Hoffman - he relies more on his physical presence than on the script 's ludicrous words to establish his character - this film resembles a run of the mill Canadian M.O.W. Hackneyed script , static direction and - with the exception of Hoffman - brutal acting.In one scene , a cop establishes his character by complimenting another cop on his choice in donuts . In another cliched scene , a hooker arrives at Mahowny 's room wearing nothing but a fur coat.The cliches mount and all interest in the psychology of Mahowny and his downward spiral disappear.Save yourself the money and buy `` Stung '' the book that this disaster was based upon .
 `` Owning Mahony '' is well-thought out , well-written , well-acted and well-directed movie ; but it is also way too depressing.The movie is set around a main character , who has a pretty good job as a loan officer in a large bank . He has a girlfriend , whom appears to be serious about marriage . Our character also is respected enough by his peers to feel confidant and successful . Problem is , he has a serious gambling problem . A gamblng problem that will eventually lead to him stealing from his bank to fund weekend binges in Atlantic City.The plot of the movie is great and the direction it takes is as well . The movie is extremly realistic and the soundtrack is very well suited for the gloomy , depressing atmosphere it is set in.I found the movie watchable and humorous at times -LRB- I love the casino manager , who fires , and then re-hires Benny , a waitstaff employee whom our main character takes a liking too . -RRB- I just do not think that I could sit through this one again.Worth a look , but not the buy .
 I do n't understand the critics . This movie SUCKED . The whole time I was watching , I just wanted to leave . Phillip Seymore Hoffman was such a drag ! It was like watching a train wreck ... you sat there thinking `` This guy ca n't really be THIS stupid , can he ? '' and he 'd prove you wrong , over and over again . What a tragedy . Minnie Driver looked awful . You wont ' even recognize her . Skip this flick , it 's so not worth it ... and the critics who saw it and praised it ? We must have seen two different flicks , because the one I saw sucked bawlz .
 The DVD I received will NOT play on my DVD player - the message says the DVD is `` not recognized by the player '' . I tried it on another DVD player - same thing . A big waste of money !
 I watched the movie and finished with alot of questions including how did he get the money to do all that betting ? Then I read the book , which had this and many other details that were totally let out of the movie . This was a poor production which skimmed only the surface of the true story , put too much emphasis on one night in the casino -LRB- when he lost $ 1 million the day he was finally arrested -RRB- and in the end , made him out almost like a martyr when he was in fact a person who stole $ 13 million of other people 's money and destroyed the lives of others , including his mentor who for all the help he gave the culprit in advancing his career at the bank , ended up in the end being sent to far off other part of the country as `` punishment '' . He eventually committed suicide .
 This movie was not made for common everyday people who have a gambling problem . It is not for those who have issues with slot machines , or simple cards games , or for people living paycheck to paycheck . This movie is about the big boys , who are paying for millions , in which -LRB- I believe -RRB- , the average person with this addiction would find it hard to relate to . Try to look for other DVD titles , to couple with this product is my recommendation .
 Robin Hood stole from the rich and gave to the poor . Dan Mahowny stole from the rich and gave to the bookie . I suppose we all can get soppy about a fat fuzz ball loser that ca n't stop gambling with his bank 's money . The film is non-stop losing all day - all the time . No psychosis is more devastating than suicide by chance . The fellow gives it away in a perpetual state of orgiastic losses . He does n't necessarily hurt the rich woman he is pilfering , but he does ruin his career and love life.I would n't get real excited about this film . There is no character , including Philip Seymour Hoffman you really care about . It 's not a comedy and certainly no drama . We know what 's going to happen .
 If this is a `` documentary '' , then every amateur U-tube video should also be called a `` documentary '' . It is about that quality . All this amounts to is a few -LRB- very few -RRB- shots of some guys going down trails , almost no dialogue or explanation , and some heavy rock music - for 9 -LRB- nine -RRB- minutes !! The whole DVD is 9 minutes in length !! Almost no substance . So you spent over a dollar a minute , plus shipping , watching something of a quality you could have filmed yourself on almost any bike trail around .
 I 'm fairly disappointed in this `` 5 DVD Box Set '' that I assumed was a history of the Mafia . Well , it 's not . These are five 48-minute docudramas . Why on 5 DVDs when they all could have fit onto one ? The answer is more money , of course.Instead of a history of the Mafia , this is what you get : THE NUCLEAR MAFIA - The Mob 's influence in moving nuclear bomb materials to terrorists . Not much about the Mafia here , but mostly about the scary fact -LRB- ? -RRB- that the old USSR 's nuclear materials are n't as secure as they should be , and how they 're ending up in the hands of terrorists . A lot dealing with `` red mercury '' which has yet to be proven to exist . Bad acting all around , and that 's what it is - dramatizations . This is the only episode I could bring myself to watch so far , but I imagine the others to be just as bad.INTERNATIONAL SYNDICATES - A look at `` the rise of the American mob and it 's -LSB- sic . -RSB- spread and adaptation to the ruthless organized ` firms ' of England ... and the Yakuza . `` GANGLAND CONFESSIONS - `` The life story of a mafia insider and how the Russian Mafia , The Columbian Cartels , and Mexican Mafia have merged their resources and joined forces . `` KILLERS OF THE UNDERWORLD - `` Takes you into the mind of the mafia killer ... and the killers of today 's vicious ethnic gangs . `` MAFIA NATIONS - `` The growth of organized crime is often due to the assistance of corrupt officials ... `` Special Features include photo slideshows and trivia quizes to see if you 've learned anything.Save your money - these have almost nothing to do with the American Mob at all . And I could swear that their shadowed `` former mobster '' informant is an actor . And a bad one at that .
 If only there was a rating for 0 stars . This is quite possibly the worst product on the face of the earth . While watching these dvd 's , I actually had to hold back the vomit . Not because it was gruesome in any way - it is just THAT bad . Whoever produced this DVD should be banished from this planet.Their `` so-called '' mafia member is nothing but an amateur actor who could n't land an acting role if he was Al Pacino 's son . PLEASE - DO NOT EVEN CONSIDER BUYING THIS DVD SET !!! If you want to waste your money , give it to me and I will send you a box of vomit . I guarantee you would enjoy that more .
 Mamamia ! Pizans , dis is de woist eva ' DVD collection . In my house , deze tapes sleep wit ' da ' fishes . Look at me - I 'm droppin ' da ' dime on deze here tapes . Bing ! You listenin ' ? I 'm commiseratin ' wit ' you to tell you ` dat deze tapes is miserable . Afta ' this review , I 'm goin ' into da ' tape protection program to get away from deze rotten tapes.Ever since I was a little kid , all I wanted to be was the owna ' of good Mob tapes . You know why I bought dis tape ? Outta respect ! I wasted good dough on dese tapes , good dough ! I got ta toughen up ! My goumar asked me how I could afford deze tapes , but it was easy since I 'm a union delegate.So me and my goumar sat down wit ' some nice gabagool and baked zitti to watch this miserable flick - then we were gon na have some nice veal ` dat was sliced just right . On my mudda 's grave , dese tapes was the most dispicable I eva ' seen . Not for nuttin ' , but I tell youz , ironin ' my joggin ' suit is more entertainin ' dan deze here tapes.Deze tapes are way outta order -LRB- even if they do n't mean to be -RRB- . Actually , deze tapes made me laugh , you know , the way they waz produced all low quality and what not . Only ` ting , they waz n't supposed to make me laugh and they waz n't supposed to be there to amuse me . Dey really are funny tapes though.From dis tape , I learned the two greatest ` tings in life
 Not much really . some information that was already out there , and some things there.It is interesting here and there , but your better off with some history channel bio .
 As a fan of the novels and Disney 's version , I knew I had to lower my expectations for this title . However , the title was lower than that ! Poor animation , mucky colours and thoughtless voice casting made this very hard to watch . I 'm just glad I did n't actually buy it muself . However , a friend 's daughter liked Alice herself . Why ? ` Because she was funny ' . I do n't like to moan , but this is one for the DVD Dustbin !
 The DVD is a DVD-R sold by Amazon . After I bought it I found this is the alternate title for Invisible Strangler -- not sure if that print is any better , but be aware there is a commercial DVD for this movie under that title.Invisible StranglerThere are numerous scratches and fades in the print , but overall it looks pretty good for an unrestored film . The highlight of the movie for me was simply seeing Elke Sommer , who looks gorgeous , but all of the actors are saddled with the hopeless task of doing something with the murky story they are placed in . The special effects are poor , and the whole affair plays out like a made-for-TV movie -- it is nothing special , and not scary at all , revolving around the tired `` I hate my mother '' type psycho with an `` astral projection '' twist . It is difficult to recommend since it is such a bad movie , and I give it two stars simply for the appearance of Elke Sommer , which is stretching it . Best moments
 I have no clue knowing how many movies have been made about invisible people . However , most of them have been a waste of time . This 1976 movie falls in the category of time waster , though it does feature a stellar cast.Roger Sands -LRB- Frank Ashmore -RRB- is a convicted killer sitting in prison . Roger has developed his mental powers so that he can do miraculous things , like turning mattresses upside down , knocking a gun from a person 's hand , and -LRB- surprise ! -RRB- turning invisible . After watching this movie , I realize that turning invisible is a good talent to have in prison.Roger uses a `` Star Trek '' sparkly effect to make himself invisible one day , and then promptly escapes from prison . Soon Roger is having a good time killing women who look like his mother , and any men who get in his way . Lt. Charles Barrett -LRB- Robert Foxworth -RRB- has been assigned to investigate the murders . Barrett has a really active role in this movie . He runs around a lot and puts up with his goofy wife Candy -LRB- Stefanie Powers -RRB- . Actually , Barrett could have been absent for most of the movie , but he is the character the director decided to use as the protagonist . He does survive Roger Sands and Candy , so perhaps he was a good choice.In all the running about we see Elke Sommer , Queenie Smith -LRB- `` Foul Play '' and numerous other roles -RRB- , Robert Hoy and numerous other well-known character actors . The movie is filled with experienced acting talent . Unfortunately , all the acting talent struggles to make anything of this movie . The acting is frequently overdone , and often reminds me of a comedy I once saw where the actors were supposed to `` emote . `` There were moments in this movie that seemed to make no sense at all . For example , when Sands goes on a yacht in scuba gear , why is he visible when he has been invisible for most of the movie ? When Sands comes out of the ocean a short time later , he turns himself and his scuba gear invisible , so I know he could do it.The movie also uses an ultra-cheesy effect to let you know when Sands is using his power ; Sands ' eyes have lights animated on them . Gee , it was so nice to have those annoying lights with the funky sound effects to match to let me know when Sands was using his power . I was unable to tell when the books , mattress and guns were flying around . Speaking of annoyance , Lt. Charles Barrett 's sidekick -LRB- Detective Hill I believe , played by Mark Slade -RRB- kept clicking his pen . I wanted to smack his sidekick , and then I wanted to smack Barrett for letting him click that pen.The only bright spot in this movie was Stefanie Powers . She stole every scene she was in , and laid the groundwork for her role in `` Hart to Hart '' and other shows . I would watch this movie again just to watch her.This movie , which has gone under the titles `` The Astral Factor '' and `` Invisible Stranger
 This movie is old and it shows . It was entertaining , like watching a train wreck ; I actually watched the whole of it . It 's not based on reality even though astral projection does exist . I think it would have been better if it would have been based on reality more . It 's something to watch when you 're bored , and it was fun to see Stephanie Powers before Hart to Hart .
 This is easily the worst invisible man movie ever made . In fact it would be up there competing for the worst movie of any topic ever made . I 'm a hug fan of the invisible man genre -LRB- I 've got two Listmania lists going on these stories -RRB- and there also seems to be a lot of other people out there who are as well . This movie is a disgrace to the invisibility genre though , do n't waste your money . You can get this movie with nine other low budget movies -LRB- released through Payless , which you can buy in many a $ 2 dollar store in Australia and maybe elsewhere -RRB- for $ 4.95 . That makes this movie 49 and a half cents but seriously it is not worth that money , I very much have buyers remorse after purchasing this.Pathetic special effects and acting mean we do n't really see anything you normally do in an invisible man movie . The directors just took the lazy approach and had the actor victims pretending they were being choked in performances where a five year old could act better . There 's no items in the vicinity getting knocked over by no one that the eye can see or anything like this during the murders . A few vases get thrown at the cops but you only see their bases before their thrown . These actors obviously had none of the clearing a building scene with weapons drawn training that police have given the actors in every other police movie . It 's amazing these police were n't killed by visible bad guys before they got this case . Not that the invisible man makes much of an appearance in this more about a cop whose girl wants him to get a job with better hours storyline.How annoying is the background score and sound effects ? I think they put the whole budget into making the movie 's poster and had nothing left to spend on the film.If you are wondering what the plot to this movie is all about it is basically ; a guy is mentally abused by his mother who never wanted him and definitely never wanted her friends to see him . He snaps and strangles her one day and spends his days reading self help books in prison . A prison guard rips up his books and gives him a good backhand when he tries to hit him for doing so which seems to push him over the edge . Now we are left to assume he got the knowledge to become invisible from these books because there 's no other reason given but the next minute he 's invisible and escaped from prison . Women who testified against him are being strangled and the police put out all efforts to stop his rampage.There 's plenty of great invisible man movies out there , give this a miss and get one of those instead !
 This is a turgid little piece of melodramatic nonsense featuring some extremely bad acting -LRB- from people who should really know better -RRB- , a dreadful script , and some of the worst special effects since `` Plan 9 . `` The basic premise is that Roger Sands , an ultra-brainy lunatic with maternal abandonment issues , studies ESP and learns to become invisible at which point he starts stalking women who remind him of his mother . He has numerous flashbacks of his mom , and even visits her in the cemetery , where they have a dialogue that explains the background for the film in what is one of the most trite of all plot devices . I should really mention that the special effects in this film will , in all likelihood , make you laugh out loud , with the best of the bunch being the ESP-induced invisibility attainment via an effect that is straight out of the transporter room from `` Star Trek , '' only not as well done.The detective `` heroes '' in the film are universally unlikable , but at least one of them -LRB- Robert Foxworth -RRB- dates Stephanie Powers , who engages in numerous diversionary scenes that pad the plot immensely -LRB- please especially note the cake-baking in a mink scene . -RRB- I suppose the biggest star power in the movie has to be Elke Sommer , who plays a rich alcoholic nag in some of the most ridiculous costumes I have seen in a while . -LRB- One makes her look like the inmate . -RRB- I should note in an effort to add nuance -LRB- or at least running time -RRB- to the film , there is a subplot about a dancer in a modern dance production that is shown for far too long . I am not a fan of musicals , and I am definitely not a fan of modern dance , so you might suspect that I would really dislike faux-modern dance stage musicals presented at length within a bad supernatural thriller from the 1970s . You would be right . This production is painful to endure , and you will be relieved when Foxworth mercifully jumps onstage and stops it.Truly this is a poorly made film that is about as campy as you can get . Nonetheless I give it two stars for having some unintentionally entertaining moments as well as laugh-out-loud campy special effects , particularly in the finale where the disembodied voice yells `` I never wanted to hurt you , Mama , '' which is clearly a lie , providing an even weaker resolution to an already weak film .
 This is another one of those 70s TV films with astral projection , murder , invisibility , whatever , with a nut case chasing a fetching blond . The characters are insipid and 2-dimensional , the story is plodding , but I did pay attention occasionally , which is more than I can say for others of the genre . Bad guy with special powers , smart cop , climax , etc.Recommended only if you can get it for free . I am amazed this is offered for sale .
 I want to like this , I really do , but I just do n't . The portrayal of Jesus is just awful . I believe He 's portrayed as an angry gruff grumpy old man , not as a loving compassionate Savior . I 'm all for Christian DVD 's , I just think there must be better ones than this .
 `` Owning Mahony '' is well-thought out , well-written , well-acted and well-directed movie ; but it is also way too depressing.The movie is set around a main character , who has a pretty good job as a loan officer in a large bank . He has a girlfriend , whom appears to be serious about marriage . Our character also is respected enough by his peers to feel confidant and successful . Problem is , he has a serious gambling problem . A gamblng problem that will eventually lead to him stealing from his bank to fund weekend binges in Atlantic City.The plot of the movie is great and the direction it takes is as well . The movie is extremly realistic and the soundtrack is very well suited for the gloomy , depressing atmosphere it is set in.I found the movie watchable and humorous at times -LRB- I love the casino manager , who fires , and then re-hires Benny , a waitstaff employee whom our main character takes a liking too . -RRB- I just do not think that I could sit through this one again.Worth a look , but not the buy .
 I do n't understand the critics . This movie SUCKED . The whole time I was watching , I just wanted to leave . Phillip Seymore Hoffman was such a drag ! It was like watching a train wreck ... you sat there thinking `` This guy ca n't really be THIS stupid , can he ? '' and he 'd prove you wrong , over and over again . What a tragedy . Minnie Driver looked awful . You wont ' even recognize her . Skip this flick , it 's so not worth it ... and the critics who saw it and praised it ? We must have seen two different flicks , because the one I saw sucked bawlz .
 The DVD I received will NOT play on my DVD player - the message says the DVD is `` not recognized by the player '' . I tried it on another DVD player - same thing . A big waste of money !
 I watched the movie and finished with alot of questions including how did he get the money to do all that betting ? Then I read the book , which had this and many other details that were totally let out of the movie . This was a poor production which skimmed only the surface of the true story , put too much emphasis on one night in the casino -LRB- when he lost $ 1 million the day he was finally arrested -RRB- and in the end , made him out almost like a martyr when he was in fact a person who stole $ 13 million of other people 's money and destroyed the lives of others , including his mentor who for all the help he gave the culprit in advancing his career at the bank , ended up in the end being sent to far off other part of the country as `` punishment '' . He eventually committed suicide .
 This movie was not made for common everyday people who have a gambling problem . It is not for those who have issues with slot machines , or simple cards games , or for people living paycheck to paycheck . This movie is about the big boys , who are paying for millions , in which -LRB- I believe -RRB- , the average person with this addiction would find it hard to relate to . Try to look for other DVD titles , to couple with this product is my recommendation .
 Robin Hood stole from the rich and gave to the poor . Dan Mahowny stole from the rich and gave to the bookie . I suppose we all can get soppy about a fat fuzz ball loser that ca n't stop gambling with his bank 's money . The film is non-stop losing all day - all the time . No psychosis is more devastating than suicide by chance . The fellow gives it away in a perpetual state of orgiastic losses . He does n't necessarily hurt the rich woman he is pilfering , but he does ruin his career and love life.I would n't get real excited about this film . There is no character , including Philip Seymour Hoffman you really care about . It 's not a comedy and certainly no drama . We know what 's going to happen .
 A truly awful movie.Other than a great performance by Hoffman - he relies more on his physical presence than on the script 's ludicrous words to establish his character - this film resembles a run of the mill Canadian M.O.W. Hackneyed script , static direction and - with the exception of Hoffman - brutal acting.In one scene , a cop establishes his character by complimenting another cop on his choice in donuts . In another cliched scene , a hooker arrives at Mahowny 's room wearing nothing but a fur coat.The cliches mount and all interest in the psychology of Mahowny and his downward spiral disappear.Save yourself the money and buy `` Stung '' the book that this disaster was based upon .
 The most dissappointing aspect of this set is the fact that one must wade through an entire CD to get to a specific sub title . There is no means for skipping directly to the topic of interest . Additionally , the brevity of each topic renders it , `` not worth the money . ''
 I would have given it zero stars if the system had let me . The set is arranged alphabetically , giving `` articles '' about various topics . They are all short and not particularly useful . I got this on tape a few years ago because it advertized it included color footage . However , there are only a few minutes of color in one article . The rest is the same b & w one can find anywhere . About the worst documentary I 've seen . I gave mine to the local library within the week .
 I want to somewhat defend `` Encyclopedia of WWII-Box Set '' against the other reviews . The important thing to keep in mind with this collection is the less sophisticated audience that director Frank Capra had in mind , as well as the era in which it was produced . As a history buff on WWII & a collector of documentaries , I found the emphasis of the propaganda interesting -LRB- yes , America used propaganda , too . -RRB- When viewing it , try to forget what you know or have learned since 1944 . No , it 's not the best documentary out there , but still worth a look . I 'd recommend renting it or instead , see one of the best documentaries on WWII , the classic `` World at War '' , narrated by Sir Laurence Olivier . It provides better scope & understanding of the war , seasoned by a 30-year gap between the events & the reflections .
 Thank god I only lost $ 15 on this 5 DVD set . My opinions on this set closely resemble what the other reviewers have brought up . I made it about 15 minutes through the first disk when I relized that I had just thrown my money down the drain . If you can stomach it , you will learn alittle , but it does not really seem to hammer any of the real important battles or facts on WWII . If you are totally clueless when it comes to WWII then you may want to give it a try -LRB- for a VERY cheap price -RRB- , but if you already have a working knowledge on WWII I would look some place else .
 A group of underwater construction engineers unleash an ancient creature which soon attacks their underwater habitat . The giant monster , which resembles a massive lobster , is the real thrill in this blatant copycat of the MANY underwater films of 1989 . Starring Miguel Ferrer , Matt McCoy and Nia Peebles . The only reasons to rent this film are to watch McCoy get munched by the lobster in a JIM suit and to watch Ferrer get a real bad case of the bends.The DVD is as plain as it gets , if you want a better underwater thriller get The Abyss or even Deep Blue Sea .
 1989 was the year of deep sea movies -LRB- THE ABYSS , LEVIATHON to name a couple -RRB- . DEEP STAR SIX reached the theaters first . A completely forgettable ALIEN -LRB- by the sea -RRB- ripoff with a notable performance by Miguel Ferrer as Snyder . When this reviewer first saw this film with a bunch of drinking buddies , we started calling the'Snyder ' -LRB- Ferrer -RRB- character ` Gilligan ' -LRB- as in GILLIGAN 'S ISLAND -RRB- because the character kept on screwing everything up . The film is unintentionally made humorous because of Ferrer 's character -LRB- along with the ineptitude of the rest of the characters and the rubber suited sea monster -RRB- so the film has some merits . A deep sea missile base with a bunch of engineers and technicians disturb an ocean monster out of its hibernation . Perhaps the creature is starving from its long sleep . The rest of the premise is the garden variety plot as each character is oft by the monster one by one -LRB- some of the killings are a bit gruesome -RRB- . Eventually one or two members will outsmart the monster and find a way to kill it . Not much here except for some interesting casting of actors playing out of type -LRB- i.e. Greg Evigan and Nia Peeples -RRB- , a couple of intense scenes , decent set designs , and the films ' non-deliberate humor .
 Besides being a cheesy movie , although it has Miguel Ferrer , son of legendary screen star Jose Ferrer at the helm , I did buy it just to complete my trilogy of underwater Sci-Fi thriller movies -LRB- The Abyss ***** , Leviathan *** and Deep Star Six ** -RRB- . Not much to say here , except that it is a shame we still get dished up movies on DVD in the full screen version.While I can still understand it for a movie in a ratio 1.66:1 , where the cropping of the image would be minimal if at all , for a movie filmed in 1.85:1 , 2.35:1 and up it is simply unforgivable.Mostly movies by Universal are dished up like this -LRB- see the recent release of `` Colossus - The Forbin Project '' , or even a splendid movie like `` Iceman '' starring Timothy Hutton and John Lone -RRB- . Also a shame are all those movies send to the market in mono , when they were originally released in Stereo Surround sound in theaters -LRB- see MGM/UA 's release of `` Meteor '' , starring Sean Connery and Natalie Wood and `` Midway '' starring Robert Mitchum and Glenn Ford -RRB- . This simply shows that the industry has absolutely no respect for their audiences , or worse , that they consider them stupid.It is even more amazing , since all the above titles were released at one time on Laserdisc with their original soundtracks and image ratios intact.I should know , because I own them and therefore I have living proof in my hands that ever since Laserdiscs have been discontinued in favor of DVDs , the industry has made steps backward instead of ahead as the technology proves.Yet they allow themselves the luxury to play games with us , instead of practicing what they always preach
 DeepStar Six would have been better served had it simply tried to go the way of an Irwin Allen style disaster flick instead of the monster movie route , ala ` Alien ' and ` The Thing ' . Alas , stupidity has a way of getting what it wants and it wanted DeepStar Six to be a monster movie . So instead of an average undersea adventure story we get a two-dimensional bunch of Navy divers battling a ridiculous-looking sea monster -LRB- which is n't even mentioned , let alone seen , until about an hour into the movie ! -RRB- . Too bad , because the acting is n't bad nor are the production values . It 's just that everything could have been salvaged as a tale of deepsea divers trying to survive structrual damage to their habitat . Instead , the misguided monster movie premise deepsixes DeepStar .
 Deepstar Six is one of those ripoffs that tries to earn as much money as possible before a quick fade which is exactly what happened to this movie . Heck , I 'm the only reviewer . What happens ? A bunch of researchers underneath the ocean must fight off an amphibious creature . That 's about it . What really made this movie so bad was the fact that no one is really concerned about this monster until the last forty minutes . As a matter of fact , the hour before it is very boring and the rescue mission is just trying to take up time . This is also a very predictable movie . Who survives ? Take a guess . I 'm sure you 'll guess right . Do n't waste your time with this movie .
 Ah , the only movie I have ever hated SO much that when it was revealed that the lead female character was pregnant , I rooted for the monster to eat the fetus . Bad acting , plot , writing , etc. . The monster is the worst part . It looks like a giant deep sea angler fish . What 's so scary about that ? Just make sushi out of the stupid thing.You 'd be better off watching Leviathon , where the monster is a xenomorph , and which at least makes for good cheese .
 This movie is a copy of such films as Leviathan and The Abyss . It is entertaining but lacks the true suspense and quality effects found in The Abyss . I was greatly disappointed that this is not presented in wide screen format but rather formatted for TV . If you want to watch a movie that has the made for TV feel then this is OK But if you want a good viewing experience watch The Abyss .
 i was just curious about this movie since i did not see it in the theatres . it seems like it is parts of other movies . good popcorn movie with spouse
 Director Sean S. Cunningham -LRB- the original Friday the 13th -RRB- helmed this derivative Alien clone , in which an underwater crew encounter a slimy alien-esque beast with a taste for human flesh . Deep Star Six is just one of the countless movies that exploded in the 80 's after the original Alien became a massive hit . But , as you can see here and in plenty of other of these types of derivative rip-off 's , the same formula does n't always work . There is some nice tense moments and some nice blood and gore , but for the most part the cast is beyond bad -LRB- Miguel Ferrer looks more bored than ever -RRB- and the monster looks ridiculously lame . Do yourself a favor , stick with Alien and Aliens .
 hey dont rent or buy quitly is bad and not widescreen . . cheaper to buy it on DVD then on here . .
 Director
 I was not so impressed with the quality of the movie . The movie 's graphics and outdated props where definitive in the movie . The plot is good but they did not show it properly in the movie . Its a low budget movie which it showes . Its an OK movie deserving `` 2 '' stars of Deepstar `` 2 '' related to stars . I would rent the movie and not own it since its not such a good one . Its a D - movie .
 Remember watching this flick in LA , could ` nt remeber if it was a hit , or one of those U just could have skipt all together . It was one of those!Story stinks , creature sucks , actors to!U will enjoy Leviathan and Deep Rising , much more do n't waste money or time , this is a stinker !
 Do n't waste your money on this set . All material is on other DVD 's . Poor quality . 1 DVD wo n't even play . Amazon should be ashamed for selling this set on their site .
 See Marx Brothers Collection Reviews before you purchase
 Where in the world to you decide to take the story from part two , and leak it into this movie , yet change the story of the murder totally around !? This movie was n't scary . -LRB- ... -RRB- Here , we take the young boy from the second title , whom shot up his family during the middle of the night , to a young boy who shot up his family while eating at the dinner table.The movie lacked a TRUE script , and lacked very good acting , . It 's alright to rent this film , but buy it !? Forget it , because Hulk Hogan 's THREE NINJAS has more kick ass action than this ...
 This movie is one of the least funniest Louis de Funes has made . I would not spend my money on it again
 Yves Montand should not have been in this movieas I find him so maladroit - clumsy , and reallynot funny . I am sure there were better Frenchactor choices as supporting roles.I enjoyed the movie somewhat , I do n't think itwas worse $ 19.95 . There are better choices .
 Much could be said about the first Charlie 's Angels movie from late in 2000 . It was fun , and full of action without going over the top to where it would 've ruined the film . It 's nothing to make history out of but it is plenty of fun and worth watching if you turn your ` thinking ' brain into off mode . Unfortunately I could never say the same positive things about it 's disastrous sequel `` Charlie 's Angels
 Sweet Pete , what a monstrous turd . Worse , a betrayal.To preface my comments , I absolutely loved the first one . Loved it . And I 'm a guy who roots for a movie to be good ; I 'm no critic or `` film buff '' . I am a fan of movies and you got ta ' really pooch-it big time for me to give it a thumbs down . Man , this thing stinks on its own terms . Within the context of the world the first movie created so wonderfully , this movie is a betrayal of everything that made you want to see another Charlie 's Angels flick . Where to begin ? First , the action scenes are boring . When they 're silly it 's an improvement . The special effects are , simply , BAD . There is no suspension of belief whatsoever and the majority of the fight work is OBVIOUSLY computer generated . PU . Second , what the hell did they do to the girls ? The way their makeup and lighting was done makes them look ... spoiled somehow , over exposed . Either way , it 's disturbing . I 'm not the dude who 's checking out the wardrobe , but you ca n't get around it . They look like the goal was to make them look overcooked or something . It 's so profound and in your face that it 's actually distracting , even to someone who would normally care less . Third , the things about the movie that made you like the characters are GONE . They 're bimbo-fied in the worst way imaginable . The fact that there are large portions of this movie where you have no idea what 's happening wo n't bother you much because you will not care . I went from a full plate of positive thoughts about these characters to hoping the movie would end ASAP . Fourth , oh man , what the hell did they do to Bernie Mack ? You will forever respect Bill Murray for managing to limit his association with this lump of crap to appearing in a photograph for about 5 seconds . Poor Bernie - who is very funny - is turned into some kind of nimrod . Fifth , a ten year old could watch and enjoy the first film , and so could an adult . This movie has content that is not cool for kids . It adds nothing and ruins the film for younger viewers . Not a huge deal , but one more example of the back stab this steamy dog pile represents.I could go on and on . I guess my point is this ; it 's not just bad , it seems to have been designed to sabotage the warm feelings and enjoyment anyone ever got out of the first movie . I suppose this is actual mild anger , and I am venting . I 'm sort of sorry , but not anything like a grief you 'll feel if you see this heap .
 A few months ago I was channel surfing when I stumbled across Charlie 's Angels - Full Throttle . This movie is light years beyond awful . I believe it was the worst movie of 2003 , the worst movie of the decade , the worst movie in the history of cinema.Some Amazon vendors are selling used DVDs of this film for one penny , but even that price is far too high . The only good thing about this movie is that it would make an effective alternative to water boarding .
 This film has plenty of mindless action , impossible -LRB- to the point of laughable -RRB- stunts , and a healthy supply of sexual inuendo . It has all of the ingredients of a large scale `` jane bond '' -LRB- times three -RRB- but the finished product will still leave you feeling like you just ate some really bad fast food . A pounding headache is also quite normal after a viewing since complete suspension of disbelief is required.The `` camp '' level is turned up so high that it does n't mix well with the seriousness of the violence and action . Or is it the other way around ? Something `` fun '' could have been done with this material , these actors , and the money spent on FX . But instead we 're treated to a collection of loud , mind numbing , rediculous stunts all held together by smirks , quips , winks , and a plot as thick as dental floss . It all comes down to a horrible script lacking any true sense of `` fun '' . For those who argue that this film actually lives up to every `` simple '' thing that it 's `` supposed to be '' - let me refine my review to just one `` simple '' sentence : This movie is a big piece of crap for really , really stupid people ! - JM
 Charlie 's Angels Full Throttle
 It would be hard to put into words how awful this movie was , and after wasting the better part of 2 hours of my life on it , I wo n't spend much time . Let me simply add my voice to the warnings ; this was dreadful . Zero stars should be added to the review options just for this movie . The plot must have taken half an hour for the writers to flesh out , and the dialog another 2 hours . Non-stop bombastic `` action '' that was boring beyond belief . Only an idiot could like this movie . John Barrymore must be rolling in his grave at the swill his descendent is guilty of . Everyone involved with this picture should be ashamed beyond belief , and anyone who gave this movie a positive review , you have a serious problem .
 This movie reaches the level of OMG bad . Save your time , watch something else or read a book .
 No this is not the matrix . Why does every film now think they can have these slow motion super-human fight scenes when there are no mutants or monsters just charlie 's angels -LRB- they never flew in the 70 's -RRB- . I have a real big problem with this film . Mainly because it panders to the brainless masses that will watch and love anything that has enough commercials backing it up . Thats the problem they spent the whole buddget on ads and crapy over-priced actresses and forgot to include a plot that does ` nt rely on something blowing up every two minutes . Bottom-line I could ` nt watch for more than twenty minutes it could very well be one of the worst films ever made .
 I loved the first movie . It was funny and absolutely entertaining . The Sequel failed on all levels . Horrible Story -LRB- was there one ? -RRB- and acting . The former charming Angels were bad parodies of themselves and Demi looked great but that was it . What did they think ? I hope for a 3rd installment that captures the spirit of the 1st one again and makes `` Full Throttle '' just an accident in movie making ... the girls would deserve it !!!
 Let me just say that two stars is really being two kind . This movie is one big joke . The first one was acceptable , but this one is just ridiculous . What were Cameron , Lucy , and Drew thinking when they did this crap ? Charlie 's Angels was a good series , but this movie is a flat out disgrace . I was so disappointed , not to mention bored to tears . Demi Moore 's character as the fallen angel was over-rated , and Crispin Glover 's character was even more watered down , or should I say dumbed down -LRB- if that 's a word -RRB- than in the first film . This movie was terrible for it to have so many A-list stars in it ... What a waste !
 Generally , I dig cheesecake as much as the next guy . But what this movie offers in that department is simply not worth it when you consider what you have to put up with to get it . What you have to put up with is , quite possibly , the most poorly written script that any major Hollywood release has ever had . Bad movies are one thing and some are even fun in their badness . This movie skirts around fun and just settles into uncomfortable.Scenes run together with no connecting elements whatsoever beyond the foolish whims of so-called director McG and whatever chimp wrote the film . The performances from the actors are as unbelievable as the foolish and poorly choreographed stunts they spend the entire film throwing at us.The Matrix offered moviegoers an asounding array of stunts . Charlie 's Angels , attempting to captilize on that , offers a wide array of ludicrous , unbelievable , unimpressive and cartoonish stunts . And let 's not forget numerous useless celebrity cameos . And why is Demi Moore in this movie ? Who knows . My hat goes off to Bill Murray who had the good sense to stay as far from this mess as possible .
 Oh My god , what a total waste of time and money ... I watched it last night and it embarrased me , the quality of the movies are at an all time low . Its like a plague that has all the producers and even veiwers screaming and hooting for stupid impossible stunts ... For instance in the ending two people fall off a 15 story building and they both survived ... it was a sign that killed them when it fell from the same location ... I have to also say that the dvd does not have any fun bonuses and i would not even consider ever watching another CA movie ever again ...
 Charlie 's Angels
 First , I was slightly entertained by the first Angel 's and had high hopes for this one after seeing the trailer . Those hopes were dashed by the first ten minutes and I was looking for someone to hurt after 40 minutes . This has got to be the worst effort in film making ever . Sure Demi , Cameron , Drew , and Lucy are some of the best looking women in Hollywood . But that does not excuse this waste of money and film . I am not even going to give you a plot summary , because you do n't even want to have a sliver of interest in this film . Watcher beware , unless you are in the fake-looking stunts or girls gone wild production genre .
 My parents gave me a free pass they had for this movie , I may never forgive them ! I 'm the one people are always asking to lower the volume on his surround system but I could n't stand the noise coming out of this one.Bad comedy , god-awful acting , phony / unbelievable special effects , etc. etc. . I 'd rather not go on ... If you like this movie , do n't expect to get to far in high school !
 To be brutally honest ... I HATE THIS MOVIE . Well yeah ... I only became interested in the `` Charlie 's Angels '' movies because Crispin Glover just so happens to be involved in them . I trully enjoyed watching the first one -LRB- I really liked it and to my surprise it was n't just because of Crispin -RRB- but when I watched this I felt like falling off a building myself . I wanted to return this movie to the video store in millions of little pieces . Crispin eased the pain for the THREE scences he appeared in but I was wincing in utter pain by the end and I felt as if the people who wrote the first film had betrayed me and so many other people . I really did n't need to see Cameron , Drew , and Lucy doing strip dances and TRYING to be smart by reading a STUPID script . Well yeah I 've spelled out my horrifying opinion on this atrocious pile of heaping sequel garbage . Although ... if they were to give more of a part to Mr. Glover then I MIGHT sit through a third ... just keep that in mind McG and John August !!! -LRB- Written by a thirteen year old -RRB-
 Believe me ! This got to be the worst movie of the summer . Unbelieveable stunt . Bad acting ! bad director ! Not funny anymore , no more sequel for this one ! No DVD buying too . That 's it ! Angels rest in peace ! ...
 god , this HAS to be one of the worst movies i have ever seen in my whole life . highly stupid . drew barrymore and lucy liu are some of my favorite actresses , but cameron diaz gets all the screen time . she 's a horrible actress and she continues to do idiotic movies . good job cameron.this movie had almost no plot , and it was n't very carried and supported throughout the movie . the dialogue was boring and dull .
 I HAVE NO PROBLEM WITH THIS MOVIE , I 'M SURE THE GIRLS DO A FINE JOB JUST LIKE THEY DID IN THE FIRST ONE . THAT MOVIE TURNED OUT ALRIGHT IN SPITE OF MY INITIAL MISGIVINGS ABOUT SEEING IT . AND THAT WAS DUE IN LARGE PART TO GOOD CASTING . THE CAST OF ANGELS IS BACK ALONG WITH DEMI MOORE AS THE BADDIE , BUT WHO IN THEIR RIGHT MIND CAST BERNIE MAC AS BOSLEY ? DID N'T ANYONE WATCH THE 70 'S T.V. SHOW ? BOSLEY WAS TIMID AND UNSURE OF HIMSELF , IN SHORT EVERYTHING BERNIE MAC IS N'T . BILL MURRAY WAS GREAT IN THAT ROLE ! -LRB- NOTE TO MOVIE PRODUCERS -RRB- WHEN YOU REMAKE A T.V. SHOW THAT HAS AN ESTABLISHED AUDIENCE TRY TO STAY TRUE TO US AND MAKE THE CHARACTERS THE WAY WE REMEMBER THEM , DO N'T JUST CAST SOMEBODY IN A ROLE BECAUSE THIER POPULAR . I WILL PROBABY SEE THE MOVIE DESITE THIS GIGANTIC SCREW UP IN CASTING , I JUST HOPE THE OTHERS CAN PULL IT ABOVE SUCH AN OBVIOUS FLAW . MR.MURRAY WILL BE SADLY MISSED .
 The reason why I went to the cinema to see this movie was because the first one was Ok and when I saw the trailer thought that it was a stupid movie but had some funny scenes.But let me tell you that after 30 minutes I was coming crazy with it because there was nothing good about it and I was hoping Demi would kill the angels so it could be over so I could leave the theatre and the most important thing that there will never be Charlie 's angels 3 . I may be hard about this movie but I 'm being honest , if you have n't seen it you do n't know how borring and stupid it is . Besides I do n't understand how Jackelyn Smith -LRB- singer Pink also appears in the film -RRB- agreed to appear in the movie because honestly it 's an insult to her good work as an original angel.This is an unrated version but it 's just to excite to buy but I 've seen this version and there 's nothing that could be rated except stupiness.The only good thing that I understood with this movie is that almost always sequels are no good .
 I was told that the fist Charlie 's Angels was a decent if light film to watch and that is why I decided to see the second installment . I realized , that the second movie made after a big success is never as good as the first one ... but even that idea could not have explained how bad this film was.I can not think of a worst way to spend an evening when you would like to relax and enjoy time with friends . At a certain point , the film became so boring and predictable that I started to look at my watch to see when the torture would end.These girls -LRB- I admit , very good looking and sexy -RRB- are involved in a mission to save several lives , but the plot is mindless , exaggerated , and all the fighting and kicking seems to be badly copied from The Matrix , in terms of film technology used . The story is silly and goofy , and the film tries to cover that up using too many special effects and sound that is too loud . It 's a complete waste if we judge by the big budget this movie had.If you do n't want to have a ruined evening , I suggest you stay home and pass your time in a different way.This is a movie that must be missed !
 People do n't you get it ? You 're being insulted by hollywood . They know that you will spend money just to see young actractive no-talent actresses in a softcore porn movie with no plot , story , brains , this film is completely void of everything , it 's sole purpose was to cash in on the first piece of junk . Please people , are n't you tired of watching trendy trash . Why do n't you guys stop seeing these films and see good films , like Dead Poet 's Society or Citizen Kane . Movies that had acting , plot , and characters . Quite watching advertising movies that show off everything hollywood says you should have . These movies basically say `` you 're not cool unless you dress like this and go along with the latest trends . '' Think for yourself , and if trash like this is your thing , then I 'm sorry . I just think the old `` sex sells '' thing is getting old , but then again this is america , do you what you want , live how you want and not how you should , we think with our private parts , we kill our babies and worship nudity . I 'm `` proud '' to be an `` american . ''
 Cameron Diaz -LRB- Charlies Angels -RRB- , Lucy Liu -LRB- Charlies Angels -RRB- and Drew Barrymore -LRB- Charlies Angels -RRB- reprise their roles as the three lovable angels from the 2000 hit movie . . but this one is plaing dumb , 1 in a half star for me . . becuase theres some funny parts in this movie ... and some cameos . cameos include , Olsen Twins -LRB- tv 's Full House -RRB- , Eve -LRB- XXX -RRB- , Eric Bogosian -LRB- Gossip -RRB- and Bruce Willis -LRB- Bandits -RRB- ... well because his ex Demi Moore -LRB- St. Elmos Fire -RRB- is in this one ... terrible dialouge with lots of stupid action set pieces makes this a crappy sequel ... damn you McG -LRB- tv 's Fastlane -RRB- for making this junk . . other stars include Andrew Wilson -LRB- Royal Tenenbaums -RRB- , his brother Luke Wilson -LRB- Blue Streak -RRB- , Matt LeBlanc -LRB- Lost In Space -RRB- , Robert Patrick -LRB- Die Hard 2 : Die Harder -RRB- , Justin Theroux -LRB- Mulholland Dr. -RRB- , John Cleese -LRB- Die Another Day -RRB- , Crispin Glover -LRB- Like Mike -RRB- , Carrie Fisher -LRB- Drop Dead Fred -RRB- , Nick Cassevettes -LRB- Face/Off -RRB- , Shai LeBeouf -LRB- Tv 's Even STevens -RRB- , John Forsythe -LRB- Charlie from the tv show Charlies Angels -RRB- and Bernie Mac -LRB- Head OF State , he has like 3 funny moments , when he is playing Clue , when hes a crossing guard and when hes explaining hes Irish -RRB- , pure crap
 Charlie 's Angels
 I loved the first one . This one looks like a -LSB- bad -RSB- ten minute sketch from Saturday Night Live spoofing Hollywood expanded to movie length . I really need a thesaurus to give this movie its true description . I just do n't have all the words I need . But , I can start with inane , insipid , incomprehensible , idiotic . What a waste of cuties in this extended music video . It wanders and never ends up anywhere . It reminds me of a couple of stoners let loose in a movie studio . `` OOooh , we can get John Cleese and Demi Moore . Ooooh , let 's put in that Who song . ''
 I do think this movie is bad , but not just because of its minimal plot and shameless fanservice . A dumb movie can be good , if it knows its crowd and does n't take it itself too seriously , but this movie has an element of extreme _ strangeness _ which makes it impossible to enjoy . The pacing and the dialogue are all wrong . It does n't seem to know what effect it wants to have , and jokes are delivered in a bizzare deadpan fashion which forbids laughter . Also it clips along at a fairly breakneak speed , giving no pause for laughter ; one joke -LRB- which is n't really funny anyway -RRB- is piled on top of another , as though to compensate for quality with volume . Then there 's the plot , which tries too hard to actually exist and keeps distracting from the action . Information is always being introduced by way of some clumsy exposition , in a way that makes you feel you should be paying attention , even though you know the plot does n't matter . Then there 's the tone . That indecision is really what characterizes Full Throttle . You do n't know what you 're supposed to take seriously . It just ca n't strike the right balance between comedy and drama . There are moments near the end which are really grotesque or depressing , and they just take all of the force out of the jokes , but then the jokes make it impossible to take the drama seriously.Still , the overall production is impressive , and it does have a few nice moments -LRB- the menacing Irish gangster , about as out-of-place in this movie as a classy villain like Hannibal Lechter would be -RRB- , and John Cleese as Lucy Liu 's father in a typically good performance . It might just be worth seeing , if only to see the unique way in which they managed to botch it .
 This was sickening and incredibly stupid . Hollywood has dumbed down today 's movie audience if people actually thinks this is a good movie . I 've seen heart surgeries more entertaining than this crud . I could set up a hamster and a rat and they could write and direct something better than this . This is a big waste of money . If you got roped into seeing this on DVD like I did come join me at the '' Avoid Charlie 's Angels
 This is the worst sequel I have thus far seen in the last few years !! ABSOLUTELY TASTELESS AND RIDICULOUS ! LEt there never again be an ANGELS sequel !! Waste of cash , to even rent !! I would give it no stars if I could ! Rajah
 Without a doubt this is the worst movie I have seen in years . Had I seen it in a theatre it would be a definite walk-out . I do n't expect a story , but the stunts and effects were idiotic and were edited in that seizure inducing way that I guess is targeted at 16 year olds . Smug , unfunny , and a complete wast of time . Just because all the actors showed up , does not warrant this mess .
 Sad to say but this is one of the worst movie I 've ever seen . I regret paying $ 4 to rent this movie .
 As a teenager , I loved Charlie 's Angels -LRB- the TV series -RRB- . I was actually pleasantly surprised by the first movie . This movie , on the other hand , is a perfect example of what Hollywood does best
 ... but it 's still a pretty good film . More of the same , but less so , although I think this relies on too much CGI to show Demi Moore in a bikini . Still entertaining.Sherlock Holmes and the Flying Zombie Death Monkeys
 This movie should have been called `` Charlie 's Angels
 I have to say that this movie is the worst piece of crap ever made . Bad acting , an extremely stupid story , and ridiculous special effects . Talk about the `` dumbing down of America '' . If you were planning on watching this movie , i recommend that you do n't waste your time . It 's going to piss you off big time !!! I wish I could give it no stars .
 OK , i just saw this thing for a second time and i hate myself even more for sitting thru it twice , i must be a masochist , i guess i was n't sure if really hated it ... well i do . Not only is this a travesty of film making -LRB- the story is barely patched together , a lot of it does n't even make sense , at one point it looks the the Angels can actually fly ! am i missing something ? -RRB- The subplot with John Cleese is lame -LRB- poor Mr. Cleese , at least Shia Lebouf or whatever his name is can blame his youth on his cameo -RRB- The movie is just plain dumb ... at least the first one was original in it 's idiocy . And let 's be honest , Drew is a an attractive woman and will turn heads pretty much everywhere , but when you team her up with two supermodels in Cameron and Liu ... well ... come on ... And someone tell McG to stop using all these great 70 's tunes in his horrible movies ! they 're tainting my memories !
 If this was any other movie , it 'd win Worst Picture of the Year hands down . But it 's Charlie 's Angels . Therefore , we 're supposed to ignore everything bad about it and have fun . The only fun I had was watching Crispin Glover , and they probably purposely made his spot small , so as not to take away from the `` fun '' of the rest of the movie . Seems like every scene is a music video , with enough ridiculous wire moves and slow motion to fill up 4 or 5 other movies . Four people will enjoy this movie :1 . -RRB- Teenage girls2 . -RRB- Teenage boys3 . -RRB- Men without girlfriends4 . -RRB- Women high on the `` girl power '' tripIf you 're not on that list , do n't bother .
 This has got to be the worst movie ever made -LRB- next to Gigli -RRB- . It has absolutely no plot and every other scene has the women dancing to some stupid song or an action sequence with music blaring.I cant believe I even spent my money on a matinee on this garbage . If you are under the age of 20 this movie will appeal to you because your brains are still trying to develop and you have no concept of what 's right and wrong . This movie is definitely wrong and a waste of time and money .
 I found myself saying `` oh brother '' more times than I think I ever have during a movie . James Bond movies carry unbelievable stunts , but at least those movies keep some sense of reality . This movie does n't portray any sense of reality to absolute impossible stunts that could never happen . But it was n't just the over the top stunts that stunk up this film . A combination of sudden magic when the girls would be in one place then all of a sudden somewhere else , then poof , they disappeared to another location . Bad acting and Demi Moore overshadowing the main stars , and forget about any story or plot . There is n't one . And by the way , what the hell was the point of Crispin Glover 's role ? What a stupid movie ... Please do n't make another sequel .
 After the first 5 minutes of this film , I heard a little voice in my head say `` WHAT !? Thats it , I 'm outta here '' followed by some pitter-pattering of feet , and a slammed door . There is no way that I can express how bad this movie is , so I will quote critics . `` Was this movie good ? No , if you took all the bad stuff out , it would n't be 5 minutes long . Would I see it again ? I 'd rather have my arm cut off with a potato peeler '' `` about as subtle as a tap-dancing elephant '' `` this film represents , in a very real way , the death of American cinema `` Avoid this movie like the plague !
 it does n't matter if it 's the original theatrical verison or the unrated it 's still suck really ??? yes really i very like the first one i ca n't say i didnt but this is 2 much !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 The first movie was pretty good . It did not take itself too seriously and was funny . This one just is just plain awful . They went overboard and the end result was that it was totally lame and mind numbing .
 This movie is up there with cradle to the grave , Congo , and The Island of Dr. Moreau . I do n't know if I spelled the last one right , but who really cares when a movie sucked that bad.Anyways , back to the review . I loved the first movie , and when saw that Mc G and almost every character was back for the second movie , I went ahead and bought the second one from the strength of the first movie . Well now I know why Bill Murray was not in this one . He obviously read the script and ran.This movie is like one long drawn out music video . It should have been cut down to 20 minutes . the promotion should have been `` buy the soundtrack and get the DVD for free ! '' Everything that was fun and spontaneous in the first one was contrived and over the top in this one . Almost nothing that was supposed to be funny in this movie was funny . The only real laugh I had was when Lucy 's character started talking about doing all the sailors . That was pretty funny . Unfortunately one minute of comedy can not make up for the rest of the movie . Cameron was cute in the first movie , but she is almost starting to get to cocky about being cute . The best other example of this is Mel Gibson after braveheart . He had some great roles and did a good job captivating his audience , but after braveheart he always seemed to be over acting all the time . Look at the difference between Braveheart and the Patriot . You can also see pretty good examples in signs . The director needs to tell these great talents sometimes less is more.Cameron was very likable in the first movie . She was cute , innocent , and kid like , but she seems so confident in this movie that she almost is like `` look at me , look at me , am I not just the cutest thing '' . Yes Cameron , you are cute , but the reason why you were cute in the first movie and not the second one was because you seemed a little shy . In this one you were all to happy to shake it all over the place . In the big butts scene in the first one she took a while to warm up and get into it . You do not see any of that in the second one . She is just all out there at the drop of a hat dancing completely choreographed sequences like she was J-low . `` I meant to misspell that '' The only truly choreographed sequence I can remember in the first one was a dream sequence . That does not count in my book.RENT THIS FIRST BEFORE YOU BUY . I own almost 700 DVD 's and I can tell you this will not be a part of my collection as soon I can trade it in for the new teletubbies or Barney DVD if they will do me the favor and give me anything for it . If you have to buy it trust me wait a week and you will get it for half price.I really wanted to like this movie . I really did . I loved the first one but , as Hollywood often does , it tries to hard to out do the first one instead of handing the baton from the first to the second . This was one of the biggest flops of the summer . Now I know why it tanked at the box office . People like me were kind enough to tell you to save your money .
 I received the DVD and it had Chinese writing on the front . It was definitely a bootlegged copy and then to add insult to injury it did n't play properly . I 'm still waiting for the seller to give me my money back .
 This Planet of the Apes remake is just plain silly . There was no need to remake the beloved Charlton Heston classic ; Michael Clark Duncan is a capable ape but the rest of the leads are wooden and seem comfortable playing monkeys . Tim Burton really messed up making this one . Now , I know this is supposed to be a review of Charlie 's Angels Full Throttle but I got lazy damnit so this is a review of Planet of the Apes instead . Now , I have yet to see Full Throttle but I do n't really like Cameron Diaz Bernie Mac or females in action pictures in general , So I give it one star . That out of the way , instead of wasting your money on Planet of the Apes rent the sci-fi masterpiece Tron instead ; its like being born again .
 This movie is has so much s *** its unf *** ing barable . It has so many over the top crapp-ass moments
 The ladies are just not attractive enough . Nor do they seem intelligent enough to work undercover . Drew Barrymore is the only one with an ounce of sex appeal who can even come close to being a true `` Charlie 's Angel '' . Bad casting . These movies could have been utterly HUGE with better casting.Heather Graham would 've been great in this movie , along with someone like a younger Susan St. James or Angie Harmon . Or even Kate Hudson or Brittany Murphy with dark brown hair . DUH .
 Someone send Cameron Diaz a comb . If Drew were not a Barrymore , would be be showing up to smirk cutely in movies all the time ? I know you 're not supposed to take these things seriously but there 's a point where they become offensive .
 I loved the first Charlie 's Angels . It was kitchy , outrageous , funny and had three girls kicking butt . It did n't take itself seriously -- kind of like the show -- and that was the reason it was fun . It was n't supposed to be Indiana Jones-serious and I went into it knowing that . The sequel ... could have been done better , unfortunately . But , it 's not without it 's charm . POSSIBLE SPOILERS AHEAD.The good : Well , the three original characters are back and they have more adventures , more stunts , more fights and plays up to all of them nicely . You have Demi Moore playing an angel gone bad , which was a nice twist and a handful of cameos . Cameron Diaz being the loveable ditz is hysterical.The bad : There 's a number of things here that I just have to write about . The storyline is choppy and ill-written . The first 's storyline was outrageous , but it worked . This one is so out there with too many characters , too many bad guys , too many subplots that it was overkill . You have Dylan 's past coming back to haunt her , Alex 's father thinking she 's into prostitution , Natalie 's relationship with her now live-in boyfriend , creepy thin-man with absolutely no purpose and Matt LeBlanc who should have never been written back in , top that off with the Halo rings that have been stolen and so many characters playing bad guys you get lost . The script should have been worked on much harder and longer ; it 's like the first Tomb Raider , it just concentrates too much on action and the serious moments are really unnecessary . This movie tries to be more dramatic in areas that really are wasted , -LRB- i.e. , Dylan coming to terms with the fact that the Angels will eventually split up down the road , sob ! sob ! Oh , c'mon ! -RRB- There 's too many one-liners , -LRB- they actually use the term bee-yatch ... GAG ! Why did n't they just throw in blang , blang , while they were at it ? -RRB- making it highly annoying at times . Bernie Mac , although I love his show , was VERY much badly cast as Bosley . They should have offered Murray a lot of money to reprise his role because there are just too many times that the Mac is just annoying and wasted . Creepy thin man -LRB- Crispin Glover -RRB- who was brilliant in the first movie , reprises his role and unfortunately they give some of his background . WHY was this necessary !?! Plus , for absolutely no reason , he gets involved with the Angels which you will see . They kill the mystery of the creepy thin man in this sequel.Matt LeBlanc and John Cleese 's roles are completely wasted on a useless subplot around Alex -LRB- mistakening her for a prostitute , Charlie being her pimp . -RRB- Demi Moore makes a great bad angel . She 's hip , fun and wicked ... she 's just overdone . Her role starts too far into the movie and she acts like she 's making up for it . She only surfaces in the last third of the movie . Plus , it 's really obvious she 's trying to upstage her three younger costars . Demi is definitely lovely eyecandy for the guys out there , and considering how the world knew that she spent a lot of money on resculpting , concentration is focused on how she looks rather than her role.Plus , it 's really obvious that Drew Barrymore had a lot of creative control in this flick . She 's heavily into gun control -LRB- so only the bad guys have guns , and they kinda make a point of that , which gets a little preachy -RRB- her plots/subplots overshadow her two costars , which I found annoying and she has the most camera time . Drew , next time , share . The one thing I did like is that she 's not as glamorous as her two partners , which was a nice twist.So , it 's with heavy hesitation that I say it was fair . I had hoped that it would have been as good as the first , but apparently it did n't do too well in the box office , so if there 's a third installment , I 'll be surprised . I wo n't be buying this ... maybe rent it if there 's nothing else to rent , but I 'd recommend sticking to the first . Two out of five stars for bad script and bad focus .
 Apparently , nowadays to have a money making movie , you just need to add a cool name and some hot stars . This movie is a sequel to the 2001 movie Charlies Angels . Neither of these movies had the greatest plot but this one has the weakest . The movie starts out somewhere in Mongolia . Two of the angels are trying to rescue an important person held hostage while the other one rides a mechanical bull in a skimpy fluffy white dress . Moving in slo-mo for many scenes in the movie , this movie is usually hard to follow . The all-out action sequences are sometimes cool but get tiring after they repeat themselves . Sure the babes are hot but to keep an audience happy and pleased for an hour and a half you need a good plot to hold everything together ... -LRB- a bikini strap does n't count -RRB- . This movie may be enjoyed if your just looking for some fun on a rainy afternoon but other than that I would avoid it at all costs .
 While some people may think this was another charlie 's angels movie poking fun at the 70s version ... it was actually just a simple joke of a movie . i think i even saw the blue screen behind people in a few action shots . it was total farse and not even in a good way . it was bad acting . drew barrymore looked chubby and sick ... like she was literally sick ... she seemed stiff and like she could n't move . there were just weird direction in it too . i mean they fall off of a building -LRB- landing in some stupid synchronized pose of course on the ground -RRB- and it took two other scenes to show before coming back to them for them to all gasp and cough -LRB- like when you think someone drowned but they really did n't silliness you see in other movies and on tv -RRB- only after being shot while wearing bullet proof vests . also this movie seemed to make fun of black americans using black americans . it was kinda stereotyping them with self-deprecating humor which was just weird too . berny mack added absolutely nothing to this film . and his mother -LRB- who was an actress on Good Times fell flat too -RRB- . demi moore looked like she could barely walk without a cane let alone twirl around in the air while shooting people while wearing stilettos and keeping her head pointed forward with that long mane of hers . and thinking about the convent/creepy man story ... well this movie just seemed like an SNL skit on the first drew barrymore charlie 's angels movie which i thought was entertaining . no wonder you have to buy this one instead of renting it ... they know the word would spread and they would never make up the money from this disaster .
 Amazon will deceive you with this Video on Demand version of `` Charlie 's Angels Full Throttle . '' I bought the video and downloaded it along with many other films -LRB- including the original C.A. -RRB- . There is something wrong with the license of this video . I have tried to download and view this video on three machines and the license can not be accessed . Every other film I bought works fine . I followed Amazon 's technical support suggestions on getting the problem fixed , but it 's not my systems it 's the license and Amazon refuses to acknowledge it . Also , there is no refund on any of these products.Buy the DVD but DO NOT buy this on video on demand . Lucy Liu is the best but Amazon stole my money on this one .
 Okay . This is not a horrible movie . But it is nothing like the first one . If you are looking for this movie to be as good or better than the first , it 's not going to happen.There is about as much action in this one as the first , maybe even more . But there really is no story line going on . They had good intentions , but it does n't really go anywhere . It 's supposed to be a continuation from the first and in certain parts you get maybe a little hint here and there , but mostly you find you have to remind yourself what is going on . They actually repeated a lot of scenes from the first one but did so in a different light , angle , degree , concept.This move is just okay . I recommend renting or borrowing , but not buying this . No where near as good as the first .
 After watching this movie and drawing my own conclusions , I give it two stars . I did not buy it , ... rented it instead . Anyway , I came to the conclusion that it lacked a plot , ... that was problem no. 1 . Problem no. 2 , Bernie Mac as Bosley was downright horrible . Problem no. 3 , Kelly -LRB- JaclynSmith -RRB- was not given a big enough role in this movie . Her appearance inthe film was all too brief to say the least . I would have loved to have seen Kelly go after Angel-gone-bad Demi Moore and show her a few things about respect for the boss , ... Charlie , of course ! Drew , Cameron , and Luciwere okay , ... but they lacked the professionalism that the original Angelshad . This movie would have been better if Kelly would have had a much bigger role in the film . In fact , she could have ran the office in place of Bosley in this film , ... perhaps better . Still , the film was okay to say the least . It could have used a bit more of a story line , and still have the humor . Since Kelly -LRB- Jaclyn Smith -RRB- was not given a much bigger role in this flm , I will not be buying it !
 Hot girls , lots of cleavage , good pop music , expensive toys , high production values & special effects . But most of all 4 chicks , all 10 's on the babe meter . Make sure they wear just enough clothes so the 12 year old boys can get in the theater . Hey it 's a summer movie . Now its on dvd . Plot ? What 's that ? Bernie Mac has a few good lines . That 's it .
 I found this movie lame ... . it was poorly thought out and had no point . Maybe becaouse I dont remember the first movie that well I thought this was was just awfull . I dont think i cared for the first one either . Best part of the movie is when pink apeared and that is the only reason iam giving it to stars what a knock out
 Sorry but Demi Moore can not act ... And the very fact she needed 100K 's worth of plastic surgery to make her look `` young '' again is demeaning to women especially in this day and age where small children start to show signs of eating disorders . Apart from this gripe , which I could put aside as Demi Moore is only one women , but the plot is unsalvageable and only falls further downhill as the movie progesses . This movie may have made money , but not sense . At least in the first movie suspending disbelief was possible -LRB- and Sam Rockwell , a great actor , made an amazing villain , unlike Ms Moore and Justin Theroux - he was just too much -RRB- , but in this one forget it.On a better note there are some good moments in the film notably when it 's doing the comedy thing ... maybe thats something to look out for if your forced to watch this movie ! Also the leads are good and with a proper villian next time maybe this franchise could be good once again .
 They should have stopped at one film , it would have been enough , but if people will go and see sequels , I guess , why not make them ? I 'll say the same here as I did about the first film , it 's a nothing better to do rental movie . It is n't boring , but it 's similar to the Austin Powers type movie , the spoofing goes over the top and gets a bit monotonous and predictable .
 While the surfer theme was cute -LRB- and should have been used more -RRB- , this movie sucks . Does every case these girls work on involve an emotional backplot ? Why not something more like 007 , and less like Austin Powers ?
 First off , I 'll start by saying that I hated the first CHARLIES ANGELS movie . I thought it had absolutely no story and , aside from starring Cameron Diaz and Lucy Liu , offered nothing noteworthy at all other than how bad I thought it was . So , of course I was hesitant to say the least to see the sequel , although I thought the trailers made the film look `` fun '' . That `` fun '' vibe -LRB- and Lucy Liu and Cameron Diaz -RRB- is what made me eventually give the film a look see . What did I think?Packed with jump cuts , slow motion sequences , freeze frames , celebrity cameos -LRB- Bruce Willis , Robert Forster , The Olsen Twins , Eve , and more -RRB- , song after song after song , and scantly clad women , the first thirty minutes of CHARLIES ANGELS
 I belong to Netflix and rent movies to preview them . If I like one , I might think about buying it . After renting CA : FT , I am very glad I did n't buy it.I have read many negative reviews here about CA : FT , and I agree with them . This is a very bad movie in virtually every catagory you can think of . However , I am not someone who is so totally obsessed by movies that they take over my life
 . . not wasting too many words on this flick ... they ruined Charlie 's Angles ... not suitable for teenagers or younsters ... disgusted me .
 Comedy is hard . If there is any film that proves this over and over it 's CHARLIE 'S ANGELS
 This is Hollywoods attempt to make a Summer Blockbuster that will appeal to women and men -LRB- `` boys , we got ta make a film for da broads too . . '' -RRB- . I cringe whenever I hear Hoochie # 1
 Pushes the stupid button so often that it is painfull to watch-if you think I 'm being harsh-my 14 year old son passed on watching this for the cartoon channel . So much for the draw of T & A.
 If I were to be given a choice between watching this movie again , or bashing myself in the head with a blunt rock , I 'd find the biggest boulder I could find and smash away.This movie was just god awful . Plain and simple . If I were to take anything out of the movie , I would learn that1 - it is possible to be in the air on a motorcycle , then go upside down , off the bike , fire 8 shots from two guns , and then land back on the bike in less than 2 seconds .2 - people can fly3 - The angels have a combined IQ roughly equal to a cucumberAND4 - Bill Murray made the wisest decision of his career to ditch out of this movie.Do yourself a favor , and avoid this film like the plague . I am dumber for watching it .
 I still ca n't believe that this people made a sequel so bad.i was eagarly waiting for this flick , and when it finished i just did n't knew , i said what the heck happened ??? i waited sooo long time to see this crap.the first movie was fantastic even the soundtrack leading Destiny 's Child 's Independent Woman wich was an excellent song and it became an No 1 hit almost everywhere , what about P!nk 's Feel Good Time That song really sucks it only peaked no , 63 on the Billboad Hot 100 now she asks why her album TRY THIS dissapeared really quick from the charts ... -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I have not one clue why Hollywood llets movies like this see the light of day . It was a complete wast of two hours . I regret whole heartedly ever watching this movie . Please people move along you have better things to do with your time .
 I ca n't remember the last time I felt so uncomfortable and uneasy in a film than while watching Charlie 's Angels Full Throttle , and it has been a very long time since I felt so happy to see the credits roll!Far from meeting my expectations , this second adventure of the Angels was a very badly written and directed film -LRB- by original director Mc G -RRB- , and this is why , First of all , the action is the backbone of these films , often lightened up with humour and some sexiness.The decision of director Mc G to show every fall and jump in slow motion was very annoying and ruined the whole action sequences . They did appear very ` digital ' without being impressive or exciting.The humour was supposed mainly to come courtesy of the great John Cleese , but yet again Mc G fails miserably to invest funnily in such a comic talent , and Cleese does look uncomfortable.Bosely 's character played by Bernie Mac appeared too dim witted for no apparent reason.Moreover , I cringed at the many references to other films , supposedly to add a cheeky humour
 Attacking `` Charlie 's Angels
 `` Charlie 's Angels
 Natalie -LRB- Cameron Diaz -RRB- , Dylan -LRB- Drew Barrymore -RRB- , and Alex -LRB- Lucy Liu -RRB- , three glamorous , tough-as-nails , investigative agents who work for the Charles Townsend Detective Agency are sent to retrieve two missing rings . The rings contain information that reveals the new identities of every person in the FBI 's Witness Protection Program . After five of the program 's participants turn up dead , only the Angels can stop the perpetrator , using their expertise as masters of disguise , espionage and martial arts . This was , by far , one of the worst movies I have ever seen . This movie was a music video . Nothing more then that . A lot of skin , a lot of explosions , a lot of music , but no substance .
 I saw Charlie 's Angels - Full Throttle expecting a bad movie , and that 's what I got . Even with low expectations going in , I was disappointed , and did n't finish watching it .
 If you think the first one was bad , Charlie 's Angels - Full Throttle takes the cake . Nothing worth mentioning in this review other than to hope that this is the last movie in the series.Really , really bad .
 My ten year old daughter thought this film was `` kind of stupid . '' When I asked her what was wrong with it , she hesitated about 2 seconds and said `` It needed a plot . '' If a normal ten year old can determine in 2 seconds what is wrong with this movie , why ca n't a studio with access to million dollar talent?This movie was particularly disappointing in comparison to the first film , which my daughter -LRB- and I -RRB- found fun and worth many reruns .
 Jesus.H.Christ.Am I Christian ? No . No , I am not . But you know what ? This movie is unquestionable evidence that God exists . God * has * to exist , because Charlie 's Angels
 This movie was , in nicest terms , HORRIBLE . Do n't even think about seeing this movie . The people never seem to die , and the special effects are bad . Bosley seems to have gotten a rare disease that makes his skin change color . If you do not like Bernie Mac 's comedy you do not like Bosley . I will not say another word about this movie , since you should not even talk about it .
 Along with Lara Croft
 OK , guys , Cameron Diaz is not hot !!!!! Drew Barrymore is fat !!! And Lucy Liu is okay , but if you want to see a real hottie click on my name and see the page made about me . That 's right , you know you like what you see !!!! I 'm hotter than all those Hollywood bimbos put together . If ya got plenty of dough and a hot bod to match maybe we can hook up ! shelovesbeach@yahoo.com
 I liked `` Charlie 's Angels '' when I saw it in the theatre.I -LRB- sadly enough -RRB- even bought the DVD . I knew that it was dumb but I thought it was dumb fun . I watched the DVD once and I put it on the shelf for a couple of years.I watched the movie again a couple of months ago and I hated it . It was n't dumb fun anymore . It was just dumb . The action scenes were not cool anymore , the funny parts were not that funny and the movie was just bad . I guess my taste in movies either matured or the movie was always bad and I just did n't realize it . `` Charlie 's Angels Full Throttle '' was just as bad as the first film . In many ways it was worse . This is just a movie for the juvenile fourteen year old `` Maxim '' crowd . I saw it because my parents made me see it . I hope I will never lose two hours of my life like that again.Why oh why was Bernie Mac in the film ? He is too good for this sort of material . Why Bernie why ?!?!
 The only thing that I am at all pleased about this movie is that I saw it for $ 3 after it had gone to the cheap theaters -LRB- and notice how quickly after it was released THAT happened - there 's a reason -RRB- . Actually , I was annoyed to have even spent $ 3 on it , and would probably have been annoyed if I had seen it for free . It 's just that bad.To further explain
 THIS UNRATED VERSION IS FALSE AND DECEPTIVE ADVERTISING . THERE IS NO FOUL LANGUAGE OR SKIN ANYWHERE IN THIS MOVIE . IT 'S A TRICK TO GET YOU TO RENT THE VIDEO . AND IT 'S TO COVER UP WHAT AND AWFUL MOVIE THIS IS . SO RIDUCLOUS AND THE TERRIBLE ACTING MAKES IT EVEN WORSE . RUN DO NOT WALK AWAY FROM THIS MOVIE IT SURLY IS ONE OF THE WORST OF THE YEAR .
 How do I start this , what kind of a movie is this ?!?! For that scence where the angels are in a military vehicle and falling from the the air someone should have used a stinger and fired it up at them , that RPG was just not enough . After that stinger , is where the movie should end with them dead and the end credits start rolling . The oufits they wore is just bad . This movie just can not beat the TV series , Cheryl Ladd , Jaclyn Smith , Shelley Hack Farrah Fawcett , and Kate Jackson are true Angles . All the outfiits they wore were sexy dress down Friday work clothes and they all knew how work it wearing them . Even the stilettos and the outfits worked nice together . This new Angels movie should not have been put out into the theatere , it should have went quietly on to the home wideo rental market . The story line is just plane bad , it can not beat the good story lines the TV series had for each episodes . In this movie you could not tell the Angeles are PIs and has the right skills for it . The TV series told you sold and it did it in a way that worked . The only good sence in this that part of Demi Moore walking to her car in that bikini . This a sad movie that movie goes should not waste their money on . They should just save their money for Terminator 3
 The only reason why I gave it two stars is because , I like Drew Berrymore and Demi Moore as actresses . I happen to be over my brother 's visiting , when my niece and sister-in-law was watching this mess.Yes ! We know it 's suppose to be a campy chick flick of the T.V. show and not to be taken seriously , but they could have done much better with the casting and the movie as a whole . Instead , we get this Matrix/Batman wannabe , flying off the bridge , too many cameos B.S. . This movie was a disaster , and did a serious unjustice to the original series.Since , we all grew up in the seventies watching shows like Swat , Starsky & Hutch , the Rookies and of course this , me and my sister-in-law , was discussing is , why the studios just did n't make this into a more dramatic feature film with a better cast?I like you Drew and Demi , but I feel both of you just , did n't fit these roles . As far as Camron Diaz and Lucy Lou -LRB- and they are not all that -RRB- What were they smoking when they decided to cast them ? Neither one of them -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- is NOT HOT !!! I mean , dam ! Both of them are so caked withmake-up , their faces look 3-D . They do n't turn this man 's head twice at all , their looks are average at best , so enough about them already.What I was about to say earlier is , what they should have done is , taken the original characters from the T.V. show -LRB- Jill , Sabrina and Kelly -RRB- recast them with Hollywood 's better more mature looking actresses , for example the so-called it girl today I guess , you know ? Someone like Angelina Jolie , could have been cast as the new Kelly Garrett . Of course everyAnglo-Saxon red blooded male has to have his `` Blonde Bombshell '' so what the hell ! Why not the new Farrah of the 90 's back then , Miss Pamela Anderson as the new Jill Monroe ? The character is practically tailer made for her.This might sound a little controversial , not making this out to be a race issue either , but even though Charlie 's Angeles did n't have a black angel , I think Halle Berry could have pulled it off cast as the new Sabrina Duncan . If not her , than Katerine Zeta Jones . BOOM !!! There 's your stars for the new Charlie 's Angeles feature film , that should have been cast that way , several years ago , if the movie studios were serious about making this a good dramatic movie.But , forget it , the damage is done now , so we 're stuck with Miss Berrymore and these two other goofy looking , clown acting , not even qute actresses . I 'll be honest here , you young turks can rave about them all you want to -LRB- each to its own -RRB- , but Diaz and Lou just do n't cut it for me . Not only that , but they both became more annoying to me through out the middle of the movie for some reason.I think I lost interest in this junk somewhat , after Jacklyn Smith cameo apperance . She still looks pretty good , to be honest she was the only high light -LRB- literally -RRB- to me of the movie .
 Angels I at least had a little -LRB- maybe very little -RRB- originality going for it . This is just over-the-top , over-acted , over-wired silliness . Maybe it 's OK for a tween-age boy , but the rest of us deserve better.Demi Moore is the one exception . She still looks good in a bikini , even without the natural advantage of being twenty-something . She snarls her way through her role with just the right campiness . Even so , she 's not enough to salvage this one.There are better movies out there . Go find one .
 This must be the worst film of the year , if not the decade . The `` story '' is nonexistant , the acting - if you can call it that - -LRB- other than Diaz -RRB- is forced and plastic and the action scenes are so over-the-top that you look at them as think - ` Does gravity or the laws of nature exist in their world ? ' A great example is when one of the Angles jumps off a 3 story building and lands on her feet -LRB- high heels no less -RRB- - PLEASE ... . This is worse than a bad MTV video and more like a kids cartoon -LRB- less any plot -RRB- .
 Horrible , truly horrible . I lost a little more faith in the human race after sacrificing 90 minutes or so of my life on this assault on the senses . I hope this movie was n't intended for the over 10 crowd . Any homosapien with a working brain that enjoyed this should be donated for use as human shields . American movies just get worse and worse . It 's an insult . By the way I 'm sure they will make a third one of these steaming piles of horse manure . Outside of this drek the new thing now is just taking any old TV show or movie and , drumroll ... REDOING IT ! WOW , WHAT GENIUS ! The way they make it DIFFERENT though is the make it much WORSE than the origional . You see how they pull that off ? Great huh ? Just yesterday in the same breath I heard of the two latest redos . Dallas and get this , The Dirty Dozen !?! Now is NOTHING sacred any longer ? Ca n't wait for Miami Vice -LRB- sic -RRB- I 'm sure that will be just great . At what point did they stop even TRYING to make good movies . They have become just sheer product with no artistic merit whatsoever . I do n't bother to go the movies any more . $ 9.50 !!!! No thanks , I 'll stay at home and watch Full House reruns on Nick at Nite before I 'll do that . My last point going back to the Charlie 's Angels movie , this thing plays like a 90 minute inane music video . Enjoy .
 This movie sucked a big one ! Horrible from start to finish . If you ca n't do it justice , leave the sequels alone !
 Can movies get any worse than this ? With Very Little actual plot line , the only thing left is a feminine butt kicking movie in which 3 strong women , who wear -LRB- it seems -RRB- Bikini 's for half of the movie , are just going scene to scene kicking butt and blowing up stuff -LRB- sound familar people ? -RRB- . Its a movie that has been done before a 1000 times over in the past 10 years , and it is getting extremely old . Lets move on to something better .
 Charlies angels comes back worser than ever . The plot ... well sorry there is no plot ! But I no they have to go after a `` ring '' . Like the first one the good guy turns bad except this time it is n't surprising at all . You know right from the start and the movie seems to continue on without you ! No mystery , like the first and anxsious waiting to see what happens next . You do n't really care and you just watch the movie , unlike the first one , which is much better . Yes , there are some cool actions scenes ... the are a bit too many actions scenes which is probably why theres is so little , sorry , no plot at all . They try to add romance but it does n't work and ends up leaving the film in a total disaster . If you like Charlies angels stick with the first movie , and if you like the fighting scenes in the first one dont get this one because it has no fighting . This movie gets ... 1.5 stars ...
 this is about as bad as it gets . I was really bored and pulled it up on my cables on demand , and I turned it off after the diving off the damn scene -LRB- which was in the first 5-8 minutes -RRB- . A high budget cheesy movie is about as bad as a low budget one . This stinks , and I dont care who is in it !
 My wife and I just rented this DVD . It is simply the worst DVD we have seen all year . There simply is not a plot . It really is n't even a story , just a bunch of poorly done computer special effects scenes . I am personally a huge fan of these gifted actresses , but this was just a pathetic movie . Do n't waste the 2 hours of your life , nor your money , on this very poorly made `` film '' .
 These 3 ladies had alot of fun making this sequel , as they did with the first one -LRB- Charlie 's Angels 2000 -RRB- , however you might not have as much fun watching it . The over load of action does not make up for the lack of story . And get this . . the villian is played by Gumby wearing a Demi Moore mask . I even noticed some wires that failed to be edited out . Here is the plot in one sentence . Two rings must come together . Sorry but I forgot why . It just was n't worth remembering . I thought that director McG did a pretty good job with the first , but he simply over did everything with this one . You 've heard of an artist spashing on a little color and he ends up with a masterpeice . But if he does n't know when to stop he ruins it . This is where the ignorant saying `` Less is more '' comes in to play . Better luck with CA3 .
 I got this as my sisters wanted to see this movie and after watching it myself I truly wish I could get those two hours back . The main story is that the Angels are supposed to protect the boy in the witness protection program since some unknown person or group seem to be killing off certain people in the witness protection program and the information they get points to this boy being next . Of course there is some more to the story but if you 're like me you 'll probably just wo n't care what they are after watching thirty minutes of this god awful movie . I like the three main actresses but it 's no surprise that there is no talk in the works for Charlie 's Angels 3 . Spare yourself the money and time and just buy some other action movie that is truly worth it
 This was quite possibly the worst movie that I have ever seen . After watching nearly 20 minutes of pure crap I was forced to turn it off . I do n't understand how anyone can be stupid enough to derive entertainment from this . It seemed more like a randomn rush of trendy images than a coherent film . The movie jumped from one idiotic scene to the next . Please do n't waste your money on this .
 I did n't come to this movie with high expectations . I expected crazy fight scenes , a bad plot , no character development , and was expecting a lot of pretty woman . I was disappointed with almost everything.The fight scenes were ridiculous . At least make them a little believable . There is no way they can do Matrix like jumps and kicks . The fact they never reload and miss is also stupid.The plot is so lame anybody could follow it . Demi Moore plays a renegade angel who is out for payback . The only good thing about Demi was how incredible she looked to be 40 + years old.I was disappointed with Cameron Diaz , Lucy Liu , and Drew Barrymore . All are pretty woman and none of them did anything for me in this movie . I usually like most of them but they were all horrible.What was up with switching Bernie Mac and Bill Murray . What ever producer made that move made a big mistake . He was the best thing in the first movie.This is a lame movie . I 'm glad I rented it instead of buying it.The special features are n't all that great at all and I do n't really see why this got an Unrated version . There is nothing that would have changed the PG-13 rating . Do n't waste your money on this .
 I have seen this DVD and I find it so stupid . It is not worth the value of money after doing `` Matrix '' and stunts . It does not related to the original Charlie Angels . Demi Moore - I thought she would have picked a better script than this.Take notice - DO NOT , I repeat , DO NOT bother watching it as you will be wasting 120 mins of this stupid film ...
 If you are looking for a fun Grrl Power movie , this is NOT it.After listening to Drew 's interview on Letterman , I thought that it would be an empowering and fun movie to go see . In Barrymore 's interview , she described it as a movie that has something for the girls and the guys.Girls , do n't bother . The movie was like soft porn -LRB- plotless -RRB- or a Mariah Carey music video gone bad -LRB- cheesy -RRB- . Stiletto heels , too many girl on girl innuendo 's , and bad lingerie . Think Victoria 's Secret Angels that spank each other . It 's a men 's magazine cover brought to life.I 've always been a fan of Drew Barrymore , but she has lost me on this one . It seems wrong to be told that this movie is empowering for women or that this is the James Bond for women . James Bond is not performing stunts half naked and in shoes that make his legs look longer :--RRB- We understand that the movie is a campy play on the original , but do n't try and tell us girls that it is anything else .
 Hard to think of a worse `` big name movie '' than this one . Everything was bad . It has Matt LeBlanc in it . The stunts were in the kung fu mode , and worse than the Vin Diesel `` XXX '' crapfest , if that is possible . Falling off the dam into the helicopter was the first clue of up-coming dreck . The moto-cross action was way over the top . If you expected to see much female skin , forget it . Demi Moore has fake breasts - silicone valley . The `` unrated '' rating refers to the fact that it has more violence . Did I mention everything was bad ? It has Matt LeBlanc in it.I recommend watching any other movie except Lost and Delirious , Black and White , or Armageddon . People that make movies like this should be neutered and given a celluloid enema of their own film .
 It 's not a good sign when you fall asleep while watching a movie . The ` disposable ' plot certainly did not help keep my attention . I decided to finish the DVD a few days later as I did find some good laughs before dozing off . This is a good comedy-action film . Though some of the action is so outrageously impossible that you could probably call it comedy ! The cameo appearances and the featurettes added somewhat to the DVD . Overall this film was a disappointment when compared to the first Charlies Angels .
 The wonderful remake of Charlie 's Angels was phenomenal . They took a touch of unreal things and blended it with a beautiful high tech secret world . The sequel however , is skimpy outfits , bad acting , fake effects , and nothing much else . Firstly I would like to tell you why I give it two . Demi Moore looked great ! She never delivered an evil role so beautifully and did n't deserve her Worst Supporting Acress Razzie . Drew Barrymore stayed deep and serious in her character , but Lucy and Cameron came out with stupid ditzy performances that did n't make them as smart as they were in the original film . One thing that could 've made the movie better would 've been less stupid effects , and a more touch of reality like we saw in the first installment . Not even B worthy , I give this film a D -
 I 'm not sure why Roger Ebert hated the first one , yet he was softer on this one eventhough he did n't recommend it . The first was n't great do n't get me wrong but it was still superior . The Matrix wannabe action was cool even if it did n't make sense that they can dodge bullets when they actually are n't inside the Matrix . In this one though it 's even more silly though . I mean dodging bullets when you 're jumping in the air on a motorcycle ? It 's funny finding a movie entertaining but lame at the same time . That 's a weird combo lol . I guess when you have Cameron Diaz , Drew Barrymore , Luci Luu and Demi Moore in one movie , it 's just hard to hate it , well when you 're a guy anyway lol . They all are having fun and they at least make the movie watchable.I must say I hated the whole Cape Fear spoof thing though with Drew 's ex con/ex b/f getting out of prison to get revenge on her . It just did n't work and was like is this an action movie or a spoof ? Bernie Mac as Billy Murrie 's brother who has the same name as him does n't work either . The first did n't have much of a plot do n't get me wrong but next to this one it had a great script . This one was actually even more over the top in silliness than the first one .
 I am a huge fan of the first Charlies Angels . It was funny , exciting , clever , and Drew , Lucy , and Cameron were hilarious . However , what made the first film so much fun is completely gone in the second and it gets old real quick . The slow motion special effects , the constant giggling between the 3 girls , and the lame jokes all get annoying . Theres barely a plot , and the film just moves from one fight scene to another , so after about 20 minutes , I lost interest . Demi Moore is the only thing the film has going for it . She is evil and sexy , but is underused . I recommend seeing this film for Demi Moore only .
 Ordinarily , I would n't even waste time even thinking about `` Charlie 's Angels
 You 're walking down the sidewalk , minding your own business , when you hear the squeal of tires and the dreadful sound of metal hitting metal at high velocity . Yes , it 's a car accident . You look over , and see two cars joined at the fender , smoke billowing out of both engines . Sirens start wailing and lights start flashing . You really have somewhere to be , something better to do , but you ca n't pull yourself away . Somebody could be dead in there ! We 're all attracted to blood , even when we are sickened by it.I felt that way two weeks ago , when I turned on Movie Central and saw that Charlie 's Angels
 The first one was great and set the stage for a modern and upbeat version of the hit show . The sequel is just sheer crap . I was very excited to see part 2 after the first film became such a hit , but this just went overboard with the stunts , the storyline , the costumes , the plot and worst of all ... the cameos.I love Bernie Mac , but the role of Bosley is not suited for him . He 's better at playing sharper , edgier comedy roles that can really bring out his talent . Bill Murray made a much better Bosley . The Angels come back looking sexier and more stylish than before but also a whole lot ditzier . The looks come in and the brains go out . What happened to all that cerebal knowledge they had mixed in with their lollipop humor like speaking all those languages and creatively using their sexy disguises to get the mission accomplished ? The sexy outfits in this film were just for show . They served no purpose at all.And what is with the cameos ? You get everyone from Carrie Fisher and John Cleese to the Olsen twins and Bruce Willis in this thing . It seems director McG was so busy trying to stuff these favors into this film he forgot there was story going on . They should have stuck to just one surprise guest ... Demi Moore who really did n't get to strut her stuff until half way through the movie . All the reviews and the talk shows spoke of Demi making her hot and furious comeback as the Angel gone bad with the stunning body to prove it . I felt she was cheated of that opportunity . She could have made her villainess really evil . All that work and working out for a measley few minutes on screen . She was only good thing about the whole film.The over slow-motion Matrix-like Kung Fu effects were just crappy attempts at fighting . It 's as if the girls never trained . Then there 's the flying and flipping and landing on the stilettos after a fifty foot jump without breaking any heels . Just over the top . We really did n't need to know the origins of the Creepy Thin Man . It was better he remained mysterious . Then Barrymore 's vicious ex-boyfriend came into play . Just one unnecessary appearance after another.There was just too much going on in this film . It 's like taking a perfectly good-sized sandwich and stuffing it with too much filling . Too hard to keep together and too much to bite into . Concentrate on one theme at a time ... please.Too bad . Could have been a decent flick if they just kept it simple .
 You know o stars is n't possibleBut ohh if it only was ...
 . I 'm a big fan of Drew Barrymore , so I wanted to like this movie , I really did . The movie is a bunch of mindless action sequences . That 's ok , because it 's an action movie , right ? But this movie goes further and insults your intelligence . It shows you the impossible and you 're supposed to accept it like it really happened . There has to be some reality to an action movie and there has to be some sort of plot to a movie to make it enjoyable . My memory is fuzzy because it 's been awhile , but the scene where the three of them are blown out of a building -LRB- through windows -RRB- and land perfectly on the ground evenly spaced apart from each other , even though they were in different parts of the room at the time . Once in a movie is acceptable , but this movie is one slap after another to the face of any thinking person . Sure , I liked seeing the girls parade around in skimpy outfits , but give us credit ... we 're not that shallow . The movie shoves girl power down your throat , but makes it highly unbelievable at the same time ... just the sort of thing every young girl needs to see , women doing the impossible . Nice role models . The so-called `` fighting '' in this movie is a bunch of wire-fu sequences that are equally unbelievable . It 's an over-the-top stuntfest first and a movie second . Stunts alone do n't make a movie and that was their big mistake -- that and making the stunts so over the top they make you laugh because of the impossible . This movie teeters just above Kung Pow -- the worst movie in recent history .
 Not nearly as entertaining as its predecessor , Full Throttle relies heavily upon admittedly dazzling CG special effects to compensate for the fact that the plot is thoroughly underdeveloped . Demi Moore 's return to the big screen is largely wasted , as her character seems more interested in showing skin than making any meaningful contribution to the plot . And no , boys and girls , that 's not why this is an `` unrated '' version . Frankly , I 'm even not sure what footage makes the Unrated version `` unrated . '' Perhaps there were a few scenes that had to be cut or shortened to retain the PG-13 rating , but the `` unrated '' label amounts to a mere marketing ploy since `` unrated '' DVDs are all the rage these days.Another grossly underutilized character in the film is Crispin Glover 's `` Thin Man , '' who is the only character who is remotely interesting beyond the eye candy level . Finally , Bernie Mac as Bosley lacks any of the qualities that Bill Murray brought to the first film , which was at least more tolerable than this piece of cinematic refuse.I understand that this film was intended to be a `` popcorn movie , '' but even popcorn movies can only ask the viewer to suspend their disbelief so far . Full Throttle clearly crosses this line in the first five minutes of the film , and then proceeds to new heights of absurdity . Sure , a certain amount of `` camp '' was inherent in the adaptation from 1970s TV , but McG sends the viewer directly to Camp Ludicrous . `` McG '' should go back to making McMusic videos for Smashmouth and Sugar Ray . Unlike music videos , in a feature film one can not substitute style for substance and call it anything but what it is
 The movie is 106 minutes long . I feel asleep , so I do n't know how this ends . The last scene I remember is people jumping off a roof , then back on the roof , then falling to their death , then coming back to life , then villain turns good guy , then dies again.Confused ? I know I am . The wire work exceeded what was done in the Matrix . While the Matrix was a fantasy world , the angels take themselves far too seriously to have their acrobatics believable . In one of the opening scenes , they were all plunging to their deaths in a stalled helicopter . Had the helicopter impacted with terrain , the movie could have made a good short film . I forget how they survive , or why the aircraft took so long to drop , but none of this is really important.It was far less cute than the original - no quick thinking and sharp wit , just lots of flips , blood and explosions with no plot . While Bill Murray brought the classical comical side to Bosley in the first movie , Bernie Mac 's style is awkward and out of place . People are murdered , stabbed , shot , and drop dead all over the place , which should question the movie 's PG-13 rating . The Thin Man pops in to make a cameo , for no apparent reason , changes side , falls off a roof , comes back , then is horribly murdered - this is where I was so confused that turned the movie off in favor of whatever was on television.Oh , am I giving away the plot ? Not to worry . There is no plot . Bruce Willis makes an extremely short appearance , then had his name removed from the credits when he saw how bad the movie was . Yes , this movie makes the Die Hard series look good . Jaclyn Smith also makes an appearance and provides several minutes of coherent plot line amid the blood , gore , explosions , and comic strip style special effects - making me wish she had appeared much earlier in the film.Gee - I hope they do n't make another one .
 The Angels must recover a pair of rings that hold the code for unscrambling the Witness Protection Program database . Naturally , this provides them with lots of opportunities to change their clothes and strike poses . I realize that this film is meant to be nothing more than dumb fun , but it had far too much `` dumb '' in it and not enough fun . Boo . /
 Let me start off by saying one thing : DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY ON THIS WORTHLESS PIECE OF UTTER CRAP !!! That out of the way ... I loved the first `` Charlie 's Angels '' film , I thought it was very refreshing to see a new action comedy that was actually funny and had good action . `` Full Throttle '' is nothing like that.The only good thing about the movie is the eye candy . That 's it . Period . Otherwise ... Plot ? Was there a plot?The CGI was some of the worst I 've seen.Script ... what script?Point ? No point here.Action ? Crap.Just atrocious.Terrible .
 This movie is n't even worth seeing hot chicks running around . It has no point , no story , the acting is worse than a soap opera 's acting , and the dialogue is so bad Ed Wood Jr. could n't even of dreamed of writing it.Maybe Roger Ebert was a little quick in naming The Brown Bunny as the worst movie ever ?
 This is bad ! Lots of action , lots of FX , lots of noise - but makes no sense . The action is SOOO over the top , it is like a video game ; the only place you could watch this stuff and buy into it . The problem ? Unless you control the joystick - its stupid to watch ! I like Barrymore , Diaz and Liu , but all they do here , is change clothes , speak in third-grade-level double entendres and hang from invisible wires . -LRB- Damn Crouching Tiger ... ! -RRB- John Cleese ? Why is he here ? They do n't even give him a funny line ! Bernie Mac -LRB- God Bless Him -RRB- tries really hard , but he is fighting a losing battle . Crispin Glover ? Can anyone explain to me what/who he is in this movie ? I still have no clue . An Demi Moore ? Well , she looks great and actually injects the most life of anyone into this puddle-deep film . Her revenge ? She got lots of s ** t for her 12.5 mil . payday for the awful Striptease . BUT ... Cameron Diaz got 20 mil . for this !
 After seeing this agonizing `` mess '' of excess and absurdity , I was actually curious about the commentaries -- Good Lord , there 's a WRITER 's commentary included here -- since I wondered how anyone could comment about this scary piece of CGI fecal matter . I 've actually spent more time trying to figure out how to express myself on amazon.com that they would print than I did watching the movie . It 's just that bad.Thankfully , FULL THROTTLE `` underperformed '' at the box office -LRB- studio lingo that it tanked -RRB- , so the universe will not be subjected to another CHARLIE 'S ANGELS film . Otherwise , I think we could be subjected to some form of supernatural plague of cosmic retribution for this gastric emission.THE CANNONBALL RUN was the first movie I saw where I thought the people who made the movie had more fun than anyone actually watching it . FULL THROTTLE amps that sentiment up to a millionth degree -LRB- just watch the bimbo eruptions in the closing credits -RRB- . Yikes.These movies make the original TV shows look like classical theatre .
 This movie was by far one of the worst movies I have even seen in a movie theater -LRB- second only to He Got Game and Cabin Fever -RRB- . I know , I know , this movie is n't meant to be realistic or have a riviting plot ... but COME ON!The plot was atricious , the dialog was cliched and pathetic , the acting was horrible , and it was obvious the director had made his money directing music videos . What the hell is McG anyway?I admit , I did n't go into this movie with high expectations , but I was still hugely disappointed . I liked the first movie because of Bill Murray -LRB- who was inadequately replaced with Bernie Mac -RRB- and the action scenes , which I thought was very well choriographed . The action scenes in this movie however were very -LRB- and I 'm talking VERY -RRB- unrealistic , overdone , and copied from other movies . I do n't look for realism in action movies , but this was just so over the top I could n't help it.The other thing that made me mad about this movie was I could n't get over the sense that the makers of the movie were targeting the male audience , and suckering them into paying to watch a terrible movie just to see scantily clad women . There are many GOOD movies that I can watch for that and still enjoy the movie . Bottom line , if a crappy movie has pretty girls in it , it 's still a crappy movie.Do not waste your time with this movie . If you just want to see the girls , see the first one . If you want to actually see a good action movie , there are tons out there that are a lot better than this .
 What is this film about ?! It 's just the worse thing I 've seen for ages . It does n't even enter into `` so bad it 's good '' territory as it is just plain bad . It has nothing to do with `` Charlies Angels '' other than that it is about three good-looking women ... It 's loaded with Matrix-style effects for no reason other than to say `` Look at the budget we spent on this crap ! `` An absolute embarrassment for all concerned.Also
 This is the worst movie I have ever watched . . It was far from the first one , the story is weak and unbelievable ... it does not have a contincency , action scenes are terrible . . the only good thing is for this movie is the fabolous Demi Moore . . One wonders what happened to the angels in time . . there was a scene between Drew and old angel from the series and you realized there , these angels simply wo n`t do , they are lack the beauty ... especially Ms.Diaz ...
 I sat down with a large bowl of popcorn , hoping to blow off a couple of hours of a cold fall afternoon . After about 20 minutes of this wretched mess , I was finishing my popcorn with one hand and holding down the fast forward button with the other . I really did not want much from the film , just to be entertained . However , while the first Charlie 's Angels film was mildly entertaining , but this movie manages to be both insipid and boring . Trust me , the other , more detailed , negative reviews here are not writers trying to show off by trashing a harmless movie , `` Full Throttle '' really is as awful as they all say .
 This is a good way to waste a couple hours of your life . It 's simply a bunch of great movies scenes from other movies , put together into one movie to make a crappy movie . This was n't meant for girls who want role models , it 's for guys who ca n't get laid . There is no plot , no good characters and Bosely sucks .
 I saw this movie in theaters , knowing that I did n't perticullary like the last movie . However , this second Charlie 's Angels was pathetic . I did n't like it at all . The plot was slow , boring , and I could n't wait for the movie to get over with .
 I rarely post one-star reviews here , but this movie , and common morality , demands an attempt to save others from the spirit-crushing , mind-numbing experience of watching this movie.The record number amount of overhype and commericals that preceded the film 's release should have been a giveaway.They were n't expecting us to stay long enough to see all of the product placements.OK , where to start ... bad writing , bad script , bad directing , bad acting , lousy special effects , zero suspension of disbelief , replacement WITHOUT EXPLANATION of one of the main characters ... OK , here 's a few things you should consider before spending money on this awful piece of cinema.I 'll attempt not to spoil any `` suprises '' that may be in store for anyone
 I have to agree with the other negative reviewers here , this was absolutely , without a doubt , the WORST movie I have ever seen and I LOVE these woman . But to be completely honest I would MUCH rather just stare at a picture of them than watch this movie , that would be FAR more entertaining . Run away , run away as fast as you can .
 Would give this movie zero stars if they let me . A true cinematic disaster . Bad plot w / even worse acting . The original Angels the ARE NOT ! Most of the reviewers do n't know who the original Angels even are . Bring back Farrah Fawcett , Jacklyn Smith , Kate Jackson , Cheryl Ladd , Shelly Hack , and Tanya Roberts any day.Thanks for giving us another crap movie ... . Hollywood!As for McG he McSucks !
 This is the worst film ever . I picked up this film because I thought `` Hey , this is cheap and Lucy Liu was nice to look at in ` Kill Bill ' and Cammy Diaz looks like that girl I used to work with that was so hot and I DO love cheesecake . '' What a mistake . At no point does this movie approach anything that is a conceivable reality . A Roadrunner cartoon seems like a National Geographic documentary compared to this piece of refuse . There is no joy , fun or semblance of coherence to any single element of this movie . It is a random , slipshod piece of bloated Hollywood trash that seems to have no target audience but instead seems to be concerned with having something for everyone and is convinced it is giving people what they want . It is filled with all the hip , cutting edge music from 1998 and McG 's video direction past comes thru as the narrative is foresaken for glossy shots that are painful to look at . He knows nothing about shot composition . The movie is filled with abhorrent CG effects that ape the Matrix-school but look like they were done before the technology of the first Matrix movie . And wow , an orthodontist does n't even see this much wire-work in a lifetime of practice . Perhaps the whole movie is best summed up at the final image when the Angels are all laughing like vapid , empty-souled , hollow-headed infants at falling gold confetti . Perhaps the movie-makers assumed the viewers would have the same reaction to shiny nothingness and enjoy this movie , but as it stands , the only audience that could be so easily fooled is jackdaws and magpies .
 This movie does not deserve a review , with such a pitiful story line , combined with a very patronising view on the way men percieve women ... Id say this movie sucks and the general consesnsus would be widely viewed with similar opinions.If you ever watch this , please watch those bowels and at all costs avoid contact
 This has to be one of the worst movies ever made . The special effects were great but they were used in the wrong way they made this movie worse not better . Its even hard to write this review there are so many things they did wrong on this movie that i would be doing this all day . The acting was not good either which i do not understand most of these professionals are good at what they do it just blows me away that they would be in a movie that would hurt there career !! If i were you i would not waste my TIME or MONEY or the 11/2 hours to watch this thing . They could have done so much better !!! : -LRB-
 This is by far one of the worst movies to come out in a long time . I 'd rather watch a series of low budget direct-to-DVD movies than sit through this dribble again . There 's nothing I can say that has n't been said about this movie so far , but I wanted to point out something very important ... -LRB- ... -RRB- BUYER BEWARE !! It seems someone wants to up the ratings on this movie by posting numerous `` reviews '' . You can just tell when there are 20-30 reviews all on the same day -- someone is up to no good . So , when you 're reading reviews for this and other movies on Amazon.com please keep in mind there are people out there that want to alter your perceptions by fixing the ratings system -LRB- ... -RRB- . The so-called reviews of this movie are a perfect example.Trust me . Avoid this movie like the plague .
 The original `` Charlie 's Angels '' was a goofy , tongue-in-cheek adventure that pitted critics in two camps
 Mere words can not describe just how awful this movie is . While I was certainly not expecting Shakespeare in the Park , I did expect something resembling a storyline and dialogue that sounded like it was coming from people with more than two brain cells to rub together . I 'm sure the audience is supposed to just ignore the Matrix-wannabe fight scenes , but this just went too far out . I 'm all for the `` girl power '' idea that Drew Barrymore thinks she is portraying in this movie , but back flips and martial arts moves in four inch stilletos ? Puh-leeze ! The only bright spots of this mish-mash of a movie are Bernie Mac and Demi Moore - who unlike the present angels , looks like someone who actually could kick some a ## -LRB- trust me , the present angels are so ditzy and insipid , you are praying that Demi Moore will succeed in killing them -RRB- . But even the only two characters that do n't make you want to retch look embarrassed at some of the dialogue they are forced to speak in this ridiculous movie . The first movie was silly , but had a few fun moments ... this one is just plain bad unless you 're a fourteen year old boy in search of a T&A fest .
 I tried very hard to get into Charlie 's Angels
 While Bernie Mac gets in a few funny lines and Demi Moore chews the scenery like a rabid Bette davis , this film is just a complete blunder!Drew Barrymore and her horrible lisp , Cameron Diaz as the dancing retarded angel and Lucy Loo not doing much of anything . Also , was n't that irish guy completely annoying and had a horrid accent ? The humor was just BLAH . Helen Zass anyone?This film also tried to rip off others ... Matrix , Cape Fear , etc.Just bad ... very , very bad !
 I have had the priviledge of watching the worst film ever . It was Plan 9 from Outer Space , by Ed Wood . It was brilliant . Ed Wood took no money , no talent , no acting ability , no coherance and no plot and turned it into the most entertaining movie I have ever seen.Charlie 's Angels
 I learned something from this bad movie . I learned that FUN is more than a lot of eye candy , silly jokes , and a half-baked plot . This movie is supposed to be a action-packed comedy . The dialogue is supposed to be a spoof of action movie dialogue . And you 're supposed to be knocked out by the special effects , the motorcycles , and the slow-motion backflips.But none of it is very amusing or even interesting . All of the `` wire-fu '' martial arts have been done before . The three lead actresses do n't have any chemistry . The jokes fall flat . If a movie like this does n't have a plot , that 's okay , but in this case they needed one . There was no suspense because it was too hard to juggle all the villains . Watching this movie felt like going to Disneyland . It 's been carefully engineered for maximum FUN , but all the engineering has bled it dry . I cracked a smile once during the credits .
 I loved the first one so much that I coud n't wait to see this one . What a disappointment ! Is this movie supposed to be an unfunny comedy ? Everything that was great about the first movie , they overdid in this one . It was a very sad thing for me to see how they ruined a good franchise . What was with Creepy thin man having on those freaky white contacts ? And who wrote those cheesy lines that they were saying ? This is a true review from a Charlies Angels -LRB- first movie -RRB- true fan . I think the people who gave those great reviews work for Columbia Pictures !
 This feature is a far cry from the funny , action-filled , successful first installment in this series . It 's been nearly two days since I 've seen it , and I am having a difficult time remembering the plot . That should give you some kind of idea of what this movie is all about . What it does best , it does really well . That would be the action scenes involving our three heroines . Of course , the fighting and chasing scenes are incredibly unrealistic , but this movie is definitely not about realism . Rent it if you 'd like to see some incredible , albeit computer-generated , action sequences . However , to those discriminating movie viewers , rent something else .
 Before I start , I should admit that I have n't seen the first CA film and the only reason why I saw Full Throttle in the first place was because Justin Theroux -LRB- Seamus - not ` Shamus ' people - O'Grady -RRB- is in it . Same reason applies to why I bought the DVD.That said , CA : FT is the most ridiculous and over-the-top film . I do n't even know why people are explaining the ` plot ' when there is NO PLOT . It seemed like it was simply an excuse for Diaz , Barrymore , and Liu to get together . I swear , none of them even tried to act -LRB- which is a great disappointment for me , since Diaz and Barrymore can be good actresses when they want to be . ie Riding in Cars With Boys ; Being John Malkovich -RRB- . Ditto for Luke Wilson and Demi Moore . The only saving graces in this film were John Cleese and Justin Theroux ... and even then I cringed a couple of times at the brogue . But I can forgive an imperfect Irish accent , given that it is one of the most difficult accents to master ... and , you know , how bloody hot he is -LRB- Good Lord did he ever get ripped ! See his eppie on Sex and The City and you 'll really appreciate how much he had to work out to get those abs -RRB- . Yeah , I can be shamelessly shallow . Still not shallow enough to love this film simply for the sexiness that is JT .2 stars . One for the film itself , and another one just cause I like Justin Theroux that much .
 Give yourself a favor ... save a few dollars by not buying this film . En franais , a s ` appelle un NAVET !
 This is one of those movies where it 's obvious that everyone involved in making it had fun doing so , but one wonders if they considered the enjoyment of the actual movie goers . The stunts , for example , I love a good action , but I really am frustrated when all the hyped stunts are overly edited and processed with all the pretentious slow-motion tricks and multi-angle camera movements . It actually ruins any potential viewing enjoyment . The more slow motion and rapid cuts there are , the less impressed I am.The music is also a lead character in this movie , because obviously the dialog is of no importance , otherwise they would n't drown out all the good jokes with the plodding music.Let 's see though , there were a few good moments
 I liked the first `` Charlie 's Angels '' film . All three lead actresses were charming and had great chemistry together , the action scenes were surprisingly exciting and it did n't take itself too seriously . It was just fun . The sequel , `` Full Throttle '' , however , is a letdown . Although Cameron , Drew and Lucy are still sexy and adorable , the script is awful . It 's just an incoherent mess . Almost all of the jokes fall flat , and this time the action sequences are poorly conceived and executed . The only thing I really found interesting about the film was the casting of Demi Moore as `` fallen angel '' Madison Lee . Moore is diabolically sexy in the role , so it 's too bad the script does n't give her enough to do . With four of the most exciting actresses in Hollywood in one film , it 's really a shame the writers and director could n't make this film work .
 This film was one of the stinkers of 2003 . Not a cereberal film at all but I was n't expecting it to be . The leading ladies were of course the main attraction . Cameron Diaz is great for eye candy in this film . The Sweetest Thing was n't exactly Cocteau but I enjoyed it even though it was n't that good . It would 've been hilarious if Sean Young was the villianess instead of Demi Moore . The plot did n't exist and Bernie Mac was annoying .
 McG got his start making music videos and that 's clearly evident in this movie which only has about thirty seconds of screen time with no songs playing in the background . Not only that , but the movie really is n't a movie at all , but is more like a bunch of comical music videos lightly stiched together through a semi-decent plot . Besides the babes , the only thing good about the movie is the plot . Unfortunately , due to poor acting , editing , writing , and directing the plot is buried beneath landfill of pop-cultural mediocrity.The movie goes something like this . There is a list that contains all the files for people in the witness protection program on two separate titanium rings . These rings are worn by two separate individuals who have very little communication with each other . Some one is out to get the rings and make a profit and the Angels are called in to find out who and stop them.Bill Murray passed as Bosley on this one -LRB- Bernie Mac fills in as his adopted brother -RRB- and it 's easy to see why . It 's difficult to believe that this movie actually passes as entertainment . I mean , I thought the first movie was bad , but this film makes the first CHARLIE 'S ANGELS movie look like a cinematic masterpiece . It 's so sad , too . The series was much more intelligent and entertaining than either of the movies have been . Not only that , this film had a decent plot and could have made a decent movie . Alas , it was n't too be . Instead , all we get is a film full of pretentious people who think they are funny and worth watching.I would have given this film only one star , but the premise that is presented in the plot was enough to make me give it one better . I do n't recommend anyone buying this and unless you 're a huge film fan and have two hours worth wasting , I would n't recommend renting it either .
 THIS IS ONE GOD AWFUL MOVIE . THE FIRST TEN MINUTES MADE ME WANT TO PUKE . AFTER THAT , I TURN OFF THE MOVIE AND SETTLE ON DOING CROSSWORD PUZZLES . BELIEVE ME , IT WAS WHOLE LOT MORE FUN THAN WHATCHING THIS CRAP .
 Movie was a lousy spoof . Do n't waste your time or money on this one .
 `` Charlie 's Angel-Full Throttle '' was like watching one long music video . After a while , you forgot whether or not there was a story line . You are so side-tracked with all the constantly changing visual affects every other minute . I believe the story revolved around the retrieval of two coded rings that held the names of those in the witness protection program . A former angel -LRB- Demi Moore -RRB- goes into business for herself in stealing the rings and then selling them to the highest bidder . There is one thing I have to give the movie credit for . It provides female action heroines . They can kick any man 's butt . Although unrealistic is approach , it does provide motivation for young women .
 This movie is a total mess . There really is n't very much good to say about it . It 's loud , It 's silly and the story is terrible . To sum it up this movie is a complete waste of time .
 Okay , first of all I really liked the first one . In this movie there is no story , and it really is all about sex , the jokes , the costumes , everything . I like the concept of girls kicking butt , but this whole movie was about the sex appeal of the stars . Even the jokes were about sex and disgusting . Add to that the ridiculous Bosley and this movie is not worth your time .
 Charlies Angels : Full Throttle is a major disappointment ... aimed at teens and CGI enthusiasts ... this sequel loses the experienced film-watcher right away.First the cast
 Videos are censored . I would not have bought this had I known . If you 're going to release music videos they should be unedited and explicit version of the song !!
 Okay so I figured I would rent it just to give it a shot and needless to say thank goodness I rented and did n't buy . It was okay , cheesy at times and pretty predictable . Great to watch if you need something to fall asleep to .
 The original `` Charlie 's Angels '' was a goofy , tongue-in-cheek adventure that pitted critics in two camps
 Mere words can not describe just how awful this movie is . While I was certainly not expecting Shakespeare in the Park , I did expect something resembling a storyline and dialogue that sounded like it was coming from people with more than two brain cells to rub together . I 'm sure the audience is supposed to just ignore the Matrix-wannabe fight scenes , but this just went too far out . I 'm all for the `` girl power '' idea that Drew Barrymore thinks she is portraying in this movie , but back flips and martial arts moves in four inch stilletos ? Puh-leeze ! The only bright spots of this mish-mash of a movie are Bernie Mac and Demi Moore - who unlike the present angels , looks like someone who actually could kick some a ## -LRB- trust me , the present angels are so ditzy and insipid , you are praying that Demi Moore will succeed in killing them -RRB- . But even the only two characters that do n't make you want to retch look embarrassed at some of the dialogue they are forced to speak in this ridiculous movie . The first movie was silly , but had a few fun moments ... this one is just plain bad unless you 're a fourteen year old boy in search of a T&A fest .
 I tried very hard to get into Charlie 's Angels
 While Bernie Mac gets in a few funny lines and Demi Moore chews the scenery like a rabid Bette davis , this film is just a complete blunder!Drew Barrymore and her horrible lisp , Cameron Diaz as the dancing retarded angel and Lucy Loo not doing much of anything . Also , was n't that irish guy completely annoying and had a horrid accent ? The humor was just BLAH . Helen Zass anyone?This film also tried to rip off others ... Matrix , Cape Fear , etc.Just bad ... very , very bad !
 I have had the priviledge of watching the worst film ever . It was Plan 9 from Outer Space , by Ed Wood . It was brilliant . Ed Wood took no money , no talent , no acting ability , no coherance and no plot and turned it into the most entertaining movie I have ever seen.Charlie 's Angels
 This feature is a far cry from the funny , action-filled , successful first installment in this series . It 's been nearly two days since I 've seen it , and I am having a difficult time remembering the plot . That should give you some kind of idea of what this movie is all about . What it does best , it does really well . That would be the action scenes involving our three heroines . Of course , the fighting and chasing scenes are incredibly unrealistic , but this movie is definitely not about realism . Rent it if you 'd like to see some incredible , albeit computer-generated , action sequences . However , to those discriminating movie viewers , rent something else .
 Before I start , I should admit that I have n't seen the first CA film and the only reason why I saw Full Throttle in the first place was because Justin Theroux -LRB- Seamus - not ` Shamus ' people - O'Grady -RRB- is in it . Same reason applies to why I bought the DVD.That said , CA : FT is the most ridiculous and over-the-top film . I do n't even know why people are explaining the ` plot ' when there is NO PLOT . It seemed like it was simply an excuse for Diaz , Barrymore , and Liu to get together . I swear , none of them even tried to act -LRB- which is a great disappointment for me , since Diaz and Barrymore can be good actresses when they want to be . ie Riding in Cars With Boys ; Being John Malkovich -RRB- . Ditto for Luke Wilson and Demi Moore . The only saving graces in this film were John Cleese and Justin Theroux ... and even then I cringed a couple of times at the brogue . But I can forgive an imperfect Irish accent , given that it is one of the most difficult accents to master ... and , you know , how bloody hot he is -LRB- Good Lord did he ever get ripped ! See his eppie on Sex and The City and you 'll really appreciate how much he had to work out to get those abs -RRB- . Yeah , I can be shamelessly shallow . Still not shallow enough to love this film simply for the sexiness that is JT .2 stars . One for the film itself , and another one just cause I like Justin Theroux that much .
 Give yourself a favor ... save a few dollars by not buying this film . En franais , a s ` appelle un NAVET !
 I have to agree with the other negative reviewers here , this was absolutely , without a doubt , the WORST movie I have ever seen and I LOVE these woman . But to be completely honest I would MUCH rather just stare at a picture of them than watch this movie , that would be FAR more entertaining . Run away , run away as fast as you can .
 Would give this movie zero stars if they let me . A true cinematic disaster . Bad plot w / even worse acting . The original Angels the ARE NOT ! Most of the reviewers do n't know who the original Angels even are . Bring back Farrah Fawcett , Jacklyn Smith , Kate Jackson , Cheryl Ladd , Shelly Hack , and Tanya Roberts any day.Thanks for giving us another crap movie ... . Hollywood!As for McG he McSucks !
 This is the worst film ever . I picked up this film because I thought `` Hey , this is cheap and Lucy Liu was nice to look at in ` Kill Bill ' and Cammy Diaz looks like that girl I used to work with that was so hot and I DO love cheesecake . '' What a mistake . At no point does this movie approach anything that is a conceivable reality . A Roadrunner cartoon seems like a National Geographic documentary compared to this piece of refuse . There is no joy , fun or semblance of coherence to any single element of this movie . It is a random , slipshod piece of bloated Hollywood trash that seems to have no target audience but instead seems to be concerned with having something for everyone and is convinced it is giving people what they want . It is filled with all the hip , cutting edge music from 1998 and McG 's video direction past comes thru as the narrative is foresaken for glossy shots that are painful to look at . He knows nothing about shot composition . The movie is filled with abhorrent CG effects that ape the Matrix-school but look like they were done before the technology of the first Matrix movie . And wow , an orthodontist does n't even see this much wire-work in a lifetime of practice . Perhaps the whole movie is best summed up at the final image when the Angels are all laughing like vapid , empty-souled , hollow-headed infants at falling gold confetti . Perhaps the movie-makers assumed the viewers would have the same reaction to shiny nothingness and enjoy this movie , but as it stands , the only audience that could be so easily fooled is jackdaws and magpies .
 This movie does not deserve a review , with such a pitiful story line , combined with a very patronising view on the way men percieve women ... Id say this movie sucks and the general consesnsus would be widely viewed with similar opinions.If you ever watch this , please watch those bowels and at all costs avoid contact
 I still ca n't believe that this people made a sequel so bad.i was eagarly waiting for this flick , and when it finished i just did n't knew , i said what the heck happened ??? i waited sooo long time to see this crap.the first movie was fantastic even the soundtrack leading Destiny 's Child 's Independent Woman wich was an excellent song and it became an No 1 hit almost everywhere , what about P!nk 's Feel Good Time That song really sucks it only peaked no , 63 on the Billboad Hot 100 now she asks why her album TRY THIS dissapeared really quick from the charts ... -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I have not one clue why Hollywood llets movies like this see the light of day . It was a complete wast of two hours . I regret whole heartedly ever watching this movie . Please people move along you have better things to do with your time .
 I ca n't remember the last time I felt so uncomfortable and uneasy in a film than while watching Charlie 's Angels Full Throttle , and it has been a very long time since I felt so happy to see the credits roll!Far from meeting my expectations , this second adventure of the Angels was a very badly written and directed film -LRB- by original director Mc G -RRB- , and this is why , First of all , the action is the backbone of these films , often lightened up with humour and some sexiness.The decision of director Mc G to show every fall and jump in slow motion was very annoying and ruined the whole action sequences . They did appear very ` digital ' without being impressive or exciting.The humour was supposed mainly to come courtesy of the great John Cleese , but yet again Mc G fails miserably to invest funnily in such a comic talent , and Cleese does look uncomfortable.Bosely 's character played by Bernie Mac appeared too dim witted for no apparent reason.Moreover , I cringed at the many references to other films , supposedly to add a cheeky humour
 Attacking `` Charlie 's Angels
 `` Charlie 's Angels
 Natalie -LRB- Cameron Diaz -RRB- , Dylan -LRB- Drew Barrymore -RRB- , and Alex -LRB- Lucy Liu -RRB- , three glamorous , tough-as-nails , investigative agents who work for the Charles Townsend Detective Agency are sent to retrieve two missing rings . The rings contain information that reveals the new identities of every person in the FBI 's Witness Protection Program . After five of the program 's participants turn up dead , only the Angels can stop the perpetrator , using their expertise as masters of disguise , espionage and martial arts . This was , by far , one of the worst movies I have ever seen . This movie was a music video . Nothing more then that . A lot of skin , a lot of explosions , a lot of music , but no substance .
 I saw Charlie 's Angels - Full Throttle expecting a bad movie , and that 's what I got . Even with low expectations going in , I was disappointed , and did n't finish watching it .
 If you think the first one was bad , Charlie 's Angels - Full Throttle takes the cake . Nothing worth mentioning in this review other than to hope that this is the last movie in the series.Really , really bad .
 This is one of those movies where it 's obvious that everyone involved in making it had fun doing so , but one wonders if they considered the enjoyment of the actual movie goers . The stunts , for example , I love a good action , but I really am frustrated when all the hyped stunts are overly edited and processed with all the pretentious slow-motion tricks and multi-angle camera movements . It actually ruins any potential viewing enjoyment . The more slow motion and rapid cuts there are , the less impressed I am.The music is also a lead character in this movie , because obviously the dialog is of no importance , otherwise they would n't drown out all the good jokes with the plodding music.Let 's see though , there were a few good moments
 I liked the first `` Charlie 's Angels '' film . All three lead actresses were charming and had great chemistry together , the action scenes were surprisingly exciting and it did n't take itself too seriously . It was just fun . The sequel , `` Full Throttle '' , however , is a letdown . Although Cameron , Drew and Lucy are still sexy and adorable , the script is awful . It 's just an incoherent mess . Almost all of the jokes fall flat , and this time the action sequences are poorly conceived and executed . The only thing I really found interesting about the film was the casting of Demi Moore as `` fallen angel '' Madison Lee . Moore is diabolically sexy in the role , so it 's too bad the script does n't give her enough to do . With four of the most exciting actresses in Hollywood in one film , it 's really a shame the writers and director could n't make this film work .
 This film was one of the stinkers of 2003 . Not a cereberal film at all but I was n't expecting it to be . The leading ladies were of course the main attraction . Cameron Diaz is great for eye candy in this film . The Sweetest Thing was n't exactly Cocteau but I enjoyed it even though it was n't that good . It would 've been hilarious if Sean Young was the villianess instead of Demi Moore . The plot did n't exist and Bernie Mac was annoying .
 McG got his start making music videos and that 's clearly evident in this movie which only has about thirty seconds of screen time with no songs playing in the background . Not only that , but the movie really is n't a movie at all , but is more like a bunch of comical music videos lightly stiched together through a semi-decent plot . Besides the babes , the only thing good about the movie is the plot . Unfortunately , due to poor acting , editing , writing , and directing the plot is buried beneath landfill of pop-cultural mediocrity.The movie goes something like this . There is a list that contains all the files for people in the witness protection program on two separate titanium rings . These rings are worn by two separate individuals who have very little communication with each other . Some one is out to get the rings and make a profit and the Angels are called in to find out who and stop them.Bill Murray passed as Bosley on this one -LRB- Bernie Mac fills in as his adopted brother -RRB- and it 's easy to see why . It 's difficult to believe that this movie actually passes as entertainment . I mean , I thought the first movie was bad , but this film makes the first CHARLIE 'S ANGELS movie look like a cinematic masterpiece . It 's so sad , too . The series was much more intelligent and entertaining than either of the movies have been . Not only that , this film had a decent plot and could have made a decent movie . Alas , it was n't too be . Instead , all we get is a film full of pretentious people who think they are funny and worth watching.I would have given this film only one star , but the premise that is presented in the plot was enough to make me give it one better . I do n't recommend anyone buying this and unless you 're a huge film fan and have two hours worth wasting , I would n't recommend renting it either .
 THIS IS ONE GOD AWFUL MOVIE . THE FIRST TEN MINUTES MADE ME WANT TO PUKE . AFTER THAT , I TURN OFF THE MOVIE AND SETTLE ON DOING CROSSWORD PUZZLES . BELIEVE ME , IT WAS WHOLE LOT MORE FUN THAN WHATCHING THIS CRAP .
 Movie was a lousy spoof . Do n't waste your time or money on this one .
 `` Charlie 's Angel-Full Throttle '' was like watching one long music video . After a while , you forgot whether or not there was a story line . You are so side-tracked with all the constantly changing visual affects every other minute . I believe the story revolved around the retrieval of two coded rings that held the names of those in the witness protection program . A former angel -LRB- Demi Moore -RRB- goes into business for herself in stealing the rings and then selling them to the highest bidder . There is one thing I have to give the movie credit for . It provides female action heroines . They can kick any man 's butt . Although unrealistic is approach , it does provide motivation for young women .
 This movie is a total mess . There really is n't very much good to say about it . It 's loud , It 's silly and the story is terrible . To sum it up this movie is a complete waste of time .
 Okay , first of all I really liked the first one . In this movie there is no story , and it really is all about sex , the jokes , the costumes , everything . I like the concept of girls kicking butt , but this whole movie was about the sex appeal of the stars . Even the jokes were about sex and disgusting . Add to that the ridiculous Bosley and this movie is not worth your time .
 Charlies Angels : Full Throttle is a major disappointment ... aimed at teens and CGI enthusiasts ... this sequel loses the experienced film-watcher right away.First the cast
 Much could be said about the first Charlie 's Angels movie from late in 2000 . It was fun , and full of action without going over the top to where it would 've ruined the film . It 's nothing to make history out of but it is plenty of fun and worth watching if you turn your ` thinking ' brain into off mode . Unfortunately I could never say the same positive things about it 's disastrous sequel `` Charlie 's Angels
 Sweet Pete , what a monstrous turd . Worse , a betrayal.To preface my comments , I absolutely loved the first one . Loved it . And I 'm a guy who roots for a movie to be good ; I 'm no critic or `` film buff '' . I am a fan of movies and you got ta ' really pooch-it big time for me to give it a thumbs down . Man , this thing stinks on its own terms . Within the context of the world the first movie created so wonderfully , this movie is a betrayal of everything that made you want to see another Charlie 's Angels flick . Where to begin ? First , the action scenes are boring . When they 're silly it 's an improvement . The special effects are , simply , BAD . There is no suspension of belief whatsoever and the majority of the fight work is OBVIOUSLY computer generated . PU . Second , what the hell did they do to the girls ? The way their makeup and lighting was done makes them look ... spoiled somehow , over exposed . Either way , it 's disturbing . I 'm not the dude who 's checking out the wardrobe , but you ca n't get around it . They look like the goal was to make them look overcooked or something . It 's so profound and in your face that it 's actually distracting , even to someone who would normally care less . Third , the things about the movie that made you like the characters are GONE . They 're bimbo-fied in the worst way imaginable . The fact that there are large portions of this movie where you have no idea what 's happening wo n't bother you much because you will not care . I went from a full plate of positive thoughts about these characters to hoping the movie would end ASAP . Fourth , oh man , what the hell did they do to Bernie Mack ? You will forever respect Bill Murray for managing to limit his association with this lump of crap to appearing in a photograph for about 5 seconds . Poor Bernie - who is very funny - is turned into some kind of nimrod . Fifth , a ten year old could watch and enjoy the first film , and so could an adult . This movie has content that is not cool for kids . It adds nothing and ruins the film for younger viewers . Not a huge deal , but one more example of the back stab this steamy dog pile represents.I could go on and on . I guess my point is this ; it 's not just bad , it seems to have been designed to sabotage the warm feelings and enjoyment anyone ever got out of the first movie . I suppose this is actual mild anger , and I am venting . I 'm sort of sorry , but not anything like a grief you 'll feel if you see this heap .
 A few months ago I was channel surfing when I stumbled across Charlie 's Angels - Full Throttle . This movie is light years beyond awful . I believe it was the worst movie of 2003 , the worst movie of the decade , the worst movie in the history of cinema.Some Amazon vendors are selling used DVDs of this film for one penny , but even that price is far too high . The only good thing about this movie is that it would make an effective alternative to water boarding .
 This film has plenty of mindless action , impossible -LRB- to the point of laughable -RRB- stunts , and a healthy supply of sexual inuendo . It has all of the ingredients of a large scale `` jane bond '' -LRB- times three -RRB- but the finished product will still leave you feeling like you just ate some really bad fast food . A pounding headache is also quite normal after a viewing since complete suspension of disbelief is required.The `` camp '' level is turned up so high that it does n't mix well with the seriousness of the violence and action . Or is it the other way around ? Something `` fun '' could have been done with this material , these actors , and the money spent on FX . But instead we 're treated to a collection of loud , mind numbing , rediculous stunts all held together by smirks , quips , winks , and a plot as thick as dental floss . It all comes down to a horrible script lacking any true sense of `` fun '' . For those who argue that this film actually lives up to every `` simple '' thing that it 's `` supposed to be '' - let me refine my review to just one `` simple '' sentence : This movie is a big piece of crap for really , really stupid people ! - JM
 Charlie 's Angels Full Throttle
 It would be hard to put into words how awful this movie was , and after wasting the better part of 2 hours of my life on it , I wo n't spend much time . Let me simply add my voice to the warnings ; this was dreadful . Zero stars should be added to the review options just for this movie . The plot must have taken half an hour for the writers to flesh out , and the dialog another 2 hours . Non-stop bombastic `` action '' that was boring beyond belief . Only an idiot could like this movie . John Barrymore must be rolling in his grave at the swill his descendent is guilty of . Everyone involved with this picture should be ashamed beyond belief , and anyone who gave this movie a positive review , you have a serious problem .
 This movie reaches the level of OMG bad . Save your time , watch something else or read a book .
 No this is not the matrix . Why does every film now think they can have these slow motion super-human fight scenes when there are no mutants or monsters just charlie 's angels -LRB- they never flew in the 70 's -RRB- . I have a real big problem with this film . Mainly because it panders to the brainless masses that will watch and love anything that has enough commercials backing it up . Thats the problem they spent the whole buddget on ads and crapy over-priced actresses and forgot to include a plot that does ` nt rely on something blowing up every two minutes . Bottom-line I could ` nt watch for more than twenty minutes it could very well be one of the worst films ever made .
 How do I start this , what kind of a movie is this ?!?! For that scence where the angels are in a military vehicle and falling from the the air someone should have used a stinger and fired it up at them , that RPG was just not enough . After that stinger , is where the movie should end with them dead and the end credits start rolling . The oufits they wore is just bad . This movie just can not beat the TV series , Cheryl Ladd , Jaclyn Smith , Shelley Hack Farrah Fawcett , and Kate Jackson are true Angles . All the outfiits they wore were sexy dress down Friday work clothes and they all knew how work it wearing them . Even the stilettos and the outfits worked nice together . This new Angels movie should not have been put out into the theatere , it should have went quietly on to the home wideo rental market . The story line is just plane bad , it can not beat the good story lines the TV series had for each episodes . In this movie you could not tell the Angeles are PIs and has the right skills for it . The TV series told you sold and it did it in a way that worked . The only good sence in this that part of Demi Moore walking to her car in that bikini . This a sad movie that movie goes should not waste their money on . They should just save their money for Terminator 3
 The only reason why I gave it two stars is because , I like Drew Berrymore and Demi Moore as actresses . I happen to be over my brother 's visiting , when my niece and sister-in-law was watching this mess.Yes ! We know it 's suppose to be a campy chick flick of the T.V. show and not to be taken seriously , but they could have done much better with the casting and the movie as a whole . Instead , we get this Matrix/Batman wannabe , flying off the bridge , too many cameos B.S. . This movie was a disaster , and did a serious unjustice to the original series.Since , we all grew up in the seventies watching shows like Swat , Starsky & Hutch , the Rookies and of course this , me and my sister-in-law , was discussing is , why the studios just did n't make this into a more dramatic feature film with a better cast?I like you Drew and Demi , but I feel both of you just , did n't fit these roles . As far as Camron Diaz and Lucy Lou -LRB- and they are not all that -RRB- What were they smoking when they decided to cast them ? Neither one of them -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- is NOT HOT !!! I mean , dam ! Both of them are so caked withmake-up , their faces look 3-D . They do n't turn this man 's head twice at all , their looks are average at best , so enough about them already.What I was about to say earlier is , what they should have done is , taken the original characters from the T.V. show -LRB- Jill , Sabrina and Kelly -RRB- recast them with Hollywood 's better more mature looking actresses , for example the so-called it girl today I guess , you know ? Someone like Angelina Jolie , could have been cast as the new Kelly Garrett . Of course everyAnglo-Saxon red blooded male has to have his `` Blonde Bombshell '' so what the hell ! Why not the new Farrah of the 90 's back then , Miss Pamela Anderson as the new Jill Monroe ? The character is practically tailer made for her.This might sound a little controversial , not making this out to be a race issue either , but even though Charlie 's Angeles did n't have a black angel , I think Halle Berry could have pulled it off cast as the new Sabrina Duncan . If not her , than Katerine Zeta Jones . BOOM !!! There 's your stars for the new Charlie 's Angeles feature film , that should have been cast that way , several years ago , if the movie studios were serious about making this a good dramatic movie.But , forget it , the damage is done now , so we 're stuck with Miss Berrymore and these two other goofy looking , clown acting , not even qute actresses . I 'll be honest here , you young turks can rave about them all you want to -LRB- each to its own -RRB- , but Diaz and Lou just do n't cut it for me . Not only that , but they both became more annoying to me through out the middle of the movie for some reason.I think I lost interest in this junk somewhat , after Jacklyn Smith cameo apperance . She still looks pretty good , to be honest she was the only high light -LRB- literally -RRB- to me of the movie .
 Angels I at least had a little -LRB- maybe very little -RRB- originality going for it . This is just over-the-top , over-acted , over-wired silliness . Maybe it 's OK for a tween-age boy , but the rest of us deserve better.Demi Moore is the one exception . She still looks good in a bikini , even without the natural advantage of being twenty-something . She snarls her way through her role with just the right campiness . Even so , she 's not enough to salvage this one.There are better movies out there . Go find one .
 This must be the worst film of the year , if not the decade . The `` story '' is nonexistant , the acting - if you can call it that - -LRB- other than Diaz -RRB- is forced and plastic and the action scenes are so over-the-top that you look at them as think - ` Does gravity or the laws of nature exist in their world ? ' A great example is when one of the Angles jumps off a 3 story building and lands on her feet -LRB- high heels no less -RRB- - PLEASE ... . This is worse than a bad MTV video and more like a kids cartoon -LRB- less any plot -RRB- .
 Horrible , truly horrible . I lost a little more faith in the human race after sacrificing 90 minutes or so of my life on this assault on the senses . I hope this movie was n't intended for the over 10 crowd . Any homosapien with a working brain that enjoyed this should be donated for use as human shields . American movies just get worse and worse . It 's an insult . By the way I 'm sure they will make a third one of these steaming piles of horse manure . Outside of this drek the new thing now is just taking any old TV show or movie and , drumroll ... REDOING IT ! WOW , WHAT GENIUS ! The way they make it DIFFERENT though is the make it much WORSE than the origional . You see how they pull that off ? Great huh ? Just yesterday in the same breath I heard of the two latest redos . Dallas and get this , The Dirty Dozen !?! Now is NOTHING sacred any longer ? Ca n't wait for Miami Vice -LRB- sic -RRB- I 'm sure that will be just great . At what point did they stop even TRYING to make good movies . They have become just sheer product with no artistic merit whatsoever . I do n't bother to go the movies any more . $ 9.50 !!!! No thanks , I 'll stay at home and watch Full House reruns on Nick at Nite before I 'll do that . My last point going back to the Charlie 's Angels movie , this thing plays like a 90 minute inane music video . Enjoy .
 This movie sucked a big one ! Horrible from start to finish . If you ca n't do it justice , leave the sequels alone !
 Can movies get any worse than this ? With Very Little actual plot line , the only thing left is a feminine butt kicking movie in which 3 strong women , who wear -LRB- it seems -RRB- Bikini 's for half of the movie , are just going scene to scene kicking butt and blowing up stuff -LRB- sound familar people ? -RRB- . Its a movie that has been done before a 1000 times over in the past 10 years , and it is getting extremely old . Lets move on to something better .
 Charlies angels comes back worser than ever . The plot ... well sorry there is no plot ! But I no they have to go after a `` ring '' . Like the first one the good guy turns bad except this time it is n't surprising at all . You know right from the start and the movie seems to continue on without you ! No mystery , like the first and anxsious waiting to see what happens next . You do n't really care and you just watch the movie , unlike the first one , which is much better . Yes , there are some cool actions scenes ... the are a bit too many actions scenes which is probably why theres is so little , sorry , no plot at all . They try to add romance but it does n't work and ends up leaving the film in a total disaster . If you like Charlies angels stick with the first movie , and if you like the fighting scenes in the first one dont get this one because it has no fighting . This movie gets ... 1.5 stars ...
 this is about as bad as it gets . I was really bored and pulled it up on my cables on demand , and I turned it off after the diving off the damn scene -LRB- which was in the first 5-8 minutes -RRB- . A high budget cheesy movie is about as bad as a low budget one . This stinks , and I dont care who is in it !
 My wife and I just rented this DVD . It is simply the worst DVD we have seen all year . There simply is not a plot . It really is n't even a story , just a bunch of poorly done computer special effects scenes . I am personally a huge fan of these gifted actresses , but this was just a pathetic movie . Do n't waste the 2 hours of your life , nor your money , on this very poorly made `` film '' .
 These 3 ladies had alot of fun making this sequel , as they did with the first one -LRB- Charlie 's Angels 2000 -RRB- , however you might not have as much fun watching it . The over load of action does not make up for the lack of story . And get this . . the villian is played by Gumby wearing a Demi Moore mask . I even noticed some wires that failed to be edited out . Here is the plot in one sentence . Two rings must come together . Sorry but I forgot why . It just was n't worth remembering . I thought that director McG did a pretty good job with the first , but he simply over did everything with this one . You 've heard of an artist spashing on a little color and he ends up with a masterpeice . But if he does n't know when to stop he ruins it . This is where the ignorant saying `` Less is more '' comes in to play . Better luck with CA3 .
 I got this as my sisters wanted to see this movie and after watching it myself I truly wish I could get those two hours back . The main story is that the Angels are supposed to protect the boy in the witness protection program since some unknown person or group seem to be killing off certain people in the witness protection program and the information they get points to this boy being next . Of course there is some more to the story but if you 're like me you 'll probably just wo n't care what they are after watching thirty minutes of this god awful movie . I like the three main actresses but it 's no surprise that there is no talk in the works for Charlie 's Angels 3 . Spare yourself the money and time and just buy some other action movie that is truly worth it
 This was quite possibly the worst movie that I have ever seen . After watching nearly 20 minutes of pure crap I was forced to turn it off . I do n't understand how anyone can be stupid enough to derive entertainment from this . It seemed more like a randomn rush of trendy images than a coherent film . The movie jumped from one idiotic scene to the next . Please do n't waste your money on this .
 You 're walking down the sidewalk , minding your own business , when you hear the squeal of tires and the dreadful sound of metal hitting metal at high velocity . Yes , it 's a car accident . You look over , and see two cars joined at the fender , smoke billowing out of both engines . Sirens start wailing and lights start flashing . You really have somewhere to be , something better to do , but you ca n't pull yourself away . Somebody could be dead in there ! We 're all attracted to blood , even when we are sickened by it.I felt that way two weeks ago , when I turned on Movie Central and saw that Charlie 's Angels
 The first one was great and set the stage for a modern and upbeat version of the hit show . The sequel is just sheer crap . I was very excited to see part 2 after the first film became such a hit , but this just went overboard with the stunts , the storyline , the costumes , the plot and worst of all ... the cameos.I love Bernie Mac , but the role of Bosley is not suited for him . He 's better at playing sharper , edgier comedy roles that can really bring out his talent . Bill Murray made a much better Bosley . The Angels come back looking sexier and more stylish than before but also a whole lot ditzier . The looks come in and the brains go out . What happened to all that cerebal knowledge they had mixed in with their lollipop humor like speaking all those languages and creatively using their sexy disguises to get the mission accomplished ? The sexy outfits in this film were just for show . They served no purpose at all.And what is with the cameos ? You get everyone from Carrie Fisher and John Cleese to the Olsen twins and Bruce Willis in this thing . It seems director McG was so busy trying to stuff these favors into this film he forgot there was story going on . They should have stuck to just one surprise guest ... Demi Moore who really did n't get to strut her stuff until half way through the movie . All the reviews and the talk shows spoke of Demi making her hot and furious comeback as the Angel gone bad with the stunning body to prove it . I felt she was cheated of that opportunity . She could have made her villainess really evil . All that work and working out for a measley few minutes on screen . She was only good thing about the whole film.The over slow-motion Matrix-like Kung Fu effects were just crappy attempts at fighting . It 's as if the girls never trained . Then there 's the flying and flipping and landing on the stilettos after a fifty foot jump without breaking any heels . Just over the top . We really did n't need to know the origins of the Creepy Thin Man . It was better he remained mysterious . Then Barrymore 's vicious ex-boyfriend came into play . Just one unnecessary appearance after another.There was just too much going on in this film . It 's like taking a perfectly good-sized sandwich and stuffing it with too much filling . Too hard to keep together and too much to bite into . Concentrate on one theme at a time ... please.Too bad . Could have been a decent flick if they just kept it simple .
 You know o stars is n't possibleBut ohh if it only was ...
 . I 'm a big fan of Drew Barrymore , so I wanted to like this movie , I really did . The movie is a bunch of mindless action sequences . That 's ok , because it 's an action movie , right ? But this movie goes further and insults your intelligence . It shows you the impossible and you 're supposed to accept it like it really happened . There has to be some reality to an action movie and there has to be some sort of plot to a movie to make it enjoyable . My memory is fuzzy because it 's been awhile , but the scene where the three of them are blown out of a building -LRB- through windows -RRB- and land perfectly on the ground evenly spaced apart from each other , even though they were in different parts of the room at the time . Once in a movie is acceptable , but this movie is one slap after another to the face of any thinking person . Sure , I liked seeing the girls parade around in skimpy outfits , but give us credit ... we 're not that shallow . The movie shoves girl power down your throat , but makes it highly unbelievable at the same time ... just the sort of thing every young girl needs to see , women doing the impossible . Nice role models . The so-called `` fighting '' in this movie is a bunch of wire-fu sequences that are equally unbelievable . It 's an over-the-top stuntfest first and a movie second . Stunts alone do n't make a movie and that was their big mistake -- that and making the stunts so over the top they make you laugh because of the impossible . This movie teeters just above Kung Pow -- the worst movie in recent history .
 Not nearly as entertaining as its predecessor , Full Throttle relies heavily upon admittedly dazzling CG special effects to compensate for the fact that the plot is thoroughly underdeveloped . Demi Moore 's return to the big screen is largely wasted , as her character seems more interested in showing skin than making any meaningful contribution to the plot . And no , boys and girls , that 's not why this is an `` unrated '' version . Frankly , I 'm even not sure what footage makes the Unrated version `` unrated . '' Perhaps there were a few scenes that had to be cut or shortened to retain the PG-13 rating , but the `` unrated '' label amounts to a mere marketing ploy since `` unrated '' DVDs are all the rage these days.Another grossly underutilized character in the film is Crispin Glover 's `` Thin Man , '' who is the only character who is remotely interesting beyond the eye candy level . Finally , Bernie Mac as Bosley lacks any of the qualities that Bill Murray brought to the first film , which was at least more tolerable than this piece of cinematic refuse.I understand that this film was intended to be a `` popcorn movie , '' but even popcorn movies can only ask the viewer to suspend their disbelief so far . Full Throttle clearly crosses this line in the first five minutes of the film , and then proceeds to new heights of absurdity . Sure , a certain amount of `` camp '' was inherent in the adaptation from 1970s TV , but McG sends the viewer directly to Camp Ludicrous . `` McG '' should go back to making McMusic videos for Smashmouth and Sugar Ray . Unlike music videos , in a feature film one can not substitute style for substance and call it anything but what it is
 The movie is 106 minutes long . I feel asleep , so I do n't know how this ends . The last scene I remember is people jumping off a roof , then back on the roof , then falling to their death , then coming back to life , then villain turns good guy , then dies again.Confused ? I know I am . The wire work exceeded what was done in the Matrix . While the Matrix was a fantasy world , the angels take themselves far too seriously to have their acrobatics believable . In one of the opening scenes , they were all plunging to their deaths in a stalled helicopter . Had the helicopter impacted with terrain , the movie could have made a good short film . I forget how they survive , or why the aircraft took so long to drop , but none of this is really important.It was far less cute than the original - no quick thinking and sharp wit , just lots of flips , blood and explosions with no plot . While Bill Murray brought the classical comical side to Bosley in the first movie , Bernie Mac 's style is awkward and out of place . People are murdered , stabbed , shot , and drop dead all over the place , which should question the movie 's PG-13 rating . The Thin Man pops in to make a cameo , for no apparent reason , changes side , falls off a roof , comes back , then is horribly murdered - this is where I was so confused that turned the movie off in favor of whatever was on television.Oh , am I giving away the plot ? Not to worry . There is no plot . Bruce Willis makes an extremely short appearance , then had his name removed from the credits when he saw how bad the movie was . Yes , this movie makes the Die Hard series look good . Jaclyn Smith also makes an appearance and provides several minutes of coherent plot line amid the blood , gore , explosions , and comic strip style special effects - making me wish she had appeared much earlier in the film.Gee - I hope they do n't make another one .
 The Angels must recover a pair of rings that hold the code for unscrambling the Witness Protection Program database . Naturally , this provides them with lots of opportunities to change their clothes and strike poses . I realize that this film is meant to be nothing more than dumb fun , but it had far too much `` dumb '' in it and not enough fun . Boo . /
 Let me start off by saying one thing : DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY ON THIS WORTHLESS PIECE OF UTTER CRAP !!! That out of the way ... I loved the first `` Charlie 's Angels '' film , I thought it was very refreshing to see a new action comedy that was actually funny and had good action . `` Full Throttle '' is nothing like that.The only good thing about the movie is the eye candy . That 's it . Period . Otherwise ... Plot ? Was there a plot?The CGI was some of the worst I 've seen.Script ... what script?Point ? No point here.Action ? Crap.Just atrocious.Terrible .
 This movie is n't even worth seeing hot chicks running around . It has no point , no story , the acting is worse than a soap opera 's acting , and the dialogue is so bad Ed Wood Jr. could n't even of dreamed of writing it.Maybe Roger Ebert was a little quick in naming The Brown Bunny as the worst movie ever ?
 This is bad ! Lots of action , lots of FX , lots of noise - but makes no sense . The action is SOOO over the top , it is like a video game ; the only place you could watch this stuff and buy into it . The problem ? Unless you control the joystick - its stupid to watch ! I like Barrymore , Diaz and Liu , but all they do here , is change clothes , speak in third-grade-level double entendres and hang from invisible wires . -LRB- Damn Crouching Tiger ... ! -RRB- John Cleese ? Why is he here ? They do n't even give him a funny line ! Bernie Mac -LRB- God Bless Him -RRB- tries really hard , but he is fighting a losing battle . Crispin Glover ? Can anyone explain to me what/who he is in this movie ? I still have no clue . An Demi Moore ? Well , she looks great and actually injects the most life of anyone into this puddle-deep film . Her revenge ? She got lots of s ** t for her 12.5 mil . payday for the awful Striptease . BUT ... Cameron Diaz got 20 mil . for this !
 I did n't come to this movie with high expectations . I expected crazy fight scenes , a bad plot , no character development , and was expecting a lot of pretty woman . I was disappointed with almost everything.The fight scenes were ridiculous . At least make them a little believable . There is no way they can do Matrix like jumps and kicks . The fact they never reload and miss is also stupid.The plot is so lame anybody could follow it . Demi Moore plays a renegade angel who is out for payback . The only good thing about Demi was how incredible she looked to be 40 + years old.I was disappointed with Cameron Diaz , Lucy Liu , and Drew Barrymore . All are pretty woman and none of them did anything for me in this movie . I usually like most of them but they were all horrible.What was up with switching Bernie Mac and Bill Murray . What ever producer made that move made a big mistake . He was the best thing in the first movie.This is a lame movie . I 'm glad I rented it instead of buying it.The special features are n't all that great at all and I do n't really see why this got an Unrated version . There is nothing that would have changed the PG-13 rating . Do n't waste your money on this .
 I have seen this DVD and I find it so stupid . It is not worth the value of money after doing `` Matrix '' and stunts . It does not related to the original Charlie Angels . Demi Moore - I thought she would have picked a better script than this.Take notice - DO NOT , I repeat , DO NOT bother watching it as you will be wasting 120 mins of this stupid film ...
 If you are looking for a fun Grrl Power movie , this is NOT it.After listening to Drew 's interview on Letterman , I thought that it would be an empowering and fun movie to go see . In Barrymore 's interview , she described it as a movie that has something for the girls and the guys.Girls , do n't bother . The movie was like soft porn -LRB- plotless -RRB- or a Mariah Carey music video gone bad -LRB- cheesy -RRB- . Stiletto heels , too many girl on girl innuendo 's , and bad lingerie . Think Victoria 's Secret Angels that spank each other . It 's a men 's magazine cover brought to life.I 've always been a fan of Drew Barrymore , but she has lost me on this one . It seems wrong to be told that this movie is empowering for women or that this is the James Bond for women . James Bond is not performing stunts half naked and in shoes that make his legs look longer :--RRB- We understand that the movie is a campy play on the original , but do n't try and tell us girls that it is anything else .
 Hard to think of a worse `` big name movie '' than this one . Everything was bad . It has Matt LeBlanc in it . The stunts were in the kung fu mode , and worse than the Vin Diesel `` XXX '' crapfest , if that is possible . Falling off the dam into the helicopter was the first clue of up-coming dreck . The moto-cross action was way over the top . If you expected to see much female skin , forget it . Demi Moore has fake breasts - silicone valley . The `` unrated '' rating refers to the fact that it has more violence . Did I mention everything was bad ? It has Matt LeBlanc in it.I recommend watching any other movie except Lost and Delirious , Black and White , or Armageddon . People that make movies like this should be neutered and given a celluloid enema of their own film .
 I 'm not sure why Roger Ebert hated the first one , yet he was softer on this one eventhough he did n't recommend it . The first was n't great do n't get me wrong but it was still superior . The Matrix wannabe action was cool even if it did n't make sense that they can dodge bullets when they actually are n't inside the Matrix . In this one though it 's even more silly though . I mean dodging bullets when you 're jumping in the air on a motorcycle ? It 's funny finding a movie entertaining but lame at the same time . That 's a weird combo lol . I guess when you have Cameron Diaz , Drew Barrymore , Luci Luu and Demi Moore in one movie , it 's just hard to hate it , well when you 're a guy anyway lol . They all are having fun and they at least make the movie watchable.I must say I hated the whole Cape Fear spoof thing though with Drew 's ex con/ex b/f getting out of prison to get revenge on her . It just did n't work and was like is this an action movie or a spoof ? Bernie Mac as Billy Murrie 's brother who has the same name as him does n't work either . The first did n't have much of a plot do n't get me wrong but next to this one it had a great script . This one was actually even more over the top in silliness than the first one .
 I am a huge fan of the first Charlies Angels . It was funny , exciting , clever , and Drew , Lucy , and Cameron were hilarious . However , what made the first film so much fun is completely gone in the second and it gets old real quick . The slow motion special effects , the constant giggling between the 3 girls , and the lame jokes all get annoying . Theres barely a plot , and the film just moves from one fight scene to another , so after about 20 minutes , I lost interest . Demi Moore is the only thing the film has going for it . She is evil and sexy , but is underused . I recommend seeing this film for Demi Moore only .
 Ordinarily , I would n't even waste time even thinking about `` Charlie 's Angels
 I learned something from this bad movie . I learned that FUN is more than a lot of eye candy , silly jokes , and a half-baked plot . This movie is supposed to be a action-packed comedy . The dialogue is supposed to be a spoof of action movie dialogue . And you 're supposed to be knocked out by the special effects , the motorcycles , and the slow-motion backflips.But none of it is very amusing or even interesting . All of the `` wire-fu '' martial arts have been done before . The three lead actresses do n't have any chemistry . The jokes fall flat . If a movie like this does n't have a plot , that 's okay , but in this case they needed one . There was no suspense because it was too hard to juggle all the villains . Watching this movie felt like going to Disneyland . It 's been carefully engineered for maximum FUN , but all the engineering has bled it dry . I cracked a smile once during the credits .
 I loved the first one so much that I coud n't wait to see this one . What a disappointment ! Is this movie supposed to be an unfunny comedy ? Everything that was great about the first movie , they overdid in this one . It was a very sad thing for me to see how they ruined a good franchise . What was with Creepy thin man having on those freaky white contacts ? And who wrote those cheesy lines that they were saying ? This is a true review from a Charlies Angels -LRB- first movie -RRB- true fan . I think the people who gave those great reviews work for Columbia Pictures !
 This has to be one of the worst movies ever made . The special effects were great but they were used in the wrong way they made this movie worse not better . Its even hard to write this review there are so many things they did wrong on this movie that i would be doing this all day . The acting was not good either which i do not understand most of these professionals are good at what they do it just blows me away that they would be in a movie that would hurt there career !! If i were you i would not waste my TIME or MONEY or the 11/2 hours to watch this thing . They could have done so much better !!! : -LRB-
 This is by far one of the worst movies to come out in a long time . I 'd rather watch a series of low budget direct-to-DVD movies than sit through this dribble again . There 's nothing I can say that has n't been said about this movie so far , but I wanted to point out something very important ... -LRB- ... -RRB- BUYER BEWARE !! It seems someone wants to up the ratings on this movie by posting numerous `` reviews '' . You can just tell when there are 20-30 reviews all on the same day -- someone is up to no good . So , when you 're reading reviews for this and other movies on Amazon.com please keep in mind there are people out there that want to alter your perceptions by fixing the ratings system -LRB- ... -RRB- . The so-called reviews of this movie are a perfect example.Trust me . Avoid this movie like the plague .
 Someone send Cameron Diaz a comb . If Drew were not a Barrymore , would be be showing up to smirk cutely in movies all the time ? I know you 're not supposed to take these things seriously but there 's a point where they become offensive .
 I loved the first Charlie 's Angels . It was kitchy , outrageous , funny and had three girls kicking butt . It did n't take itself seriously -- kind of like the show -- and that was the reason it was fun . It was n't supposed to be Indiana Jones-serious and I went into it knowing that . The sequel ... could have been done better , unfortunately . But , it 's not without it 's charm . POSSIBLE SPOILERS AHEAD.The good : Well , the three original characters are back and they have more adventures , more stunts , more fights and plays up to all of them nicely . You have Demi Moore playing an angel gone bad , which was a nice twist and a handful of cameos . Cameron Diaz being the loveable ditz is hysterical.The bad : There 's a number of things here that I just have to write about . The storyline is choppy and ill-written . The first 's storyline was outrageous , but it worked . This one is so out there with too many characters , too many bad guys , too many subplots that it was overkill . You have Dylan 's past coming back to haunt her , Alex 's father thinking she 's into prostitution , Natalie 's relationship with her now live-in boyfriend , creepy thin-man with absolutely no purpose and Matt LeBlanc who should have never been written back in , top that off with the Halo rings that have been stolen and so many characters playing bad guys you get lost . The script should have been worked on much harder and longer ; it 's like the first Tomb Raider , it just concentrates too much on action and the serious moments are really unnecessary . This movie tries to be more dramatic in areas that really are wasted , -LRB- i.e. , Dylan coming to terms with the fact that the Angels will eventually split up down the road , sob ! sob ! Oh , c'mon ! -RRB- There 's too many one-liners , -LRB- they actually use the term bee-yatch ... GAG ! Why did n't they just throw in blang , blang , while they were at it ? -RRB- making it highly annoying at times . Bernie Mac , although I love his show , was VERY much badly cast as Bosley . They should have offered Murray a lot of money to reprise his role because there are just too many times that the Mac is just annoying and wasted . Creepy thin man -LRB- Crispin Glover -RRB- who was brilliant in the first movie , reprises his role and unfortunately they give some of his background . WHY was this necessary !?! Plus , for absolutely no reason , he gets involved with the Angels which you will see . They kill the mystery of the creepy thin man in this sequel.Matt LeBlanc and John Cleese 's roles are completely wasted on a useless subplot around Alex -LRB- mistakening her for a prostitute , Charlie being her pimp . -RRB- Demi Moore makes a great bad angel . She 's hip , fun and wicked ... she 's just overdone . Her role starts too far into the movie and she acts like she 's making up for it . She only surfaces in the last third of the movie . Plus , it 's really obvious she 's trying to upstage her three younger costars . Demi is definitely lovely eyecandy for the guys out there , and considering how the world knew that she spent a lot of money on resculpting , concentration is focused on how she looks rather than her role.Plus , it 's really obvious that Drew Barrymore had a lot of creative control in this flick . She 's heavily into gun control -LRB- so only the bad guys have guns , and they kinda make a point of that , which gets a little preachy -RRB- her plots/subplots overshadow her two costars , which I found annoying and she has the most camera time . Drew , next time , share . The one thing I did like is that she 's not as glamorous as her two partners , which was a nice twist.So , it 's with heavy hesitation that I say it was fair . I had hoped that it would have been as good as the first , but apparently it did n't do too well in the box office , so if there 's a third installment , I 'll be surprised . I wo n't be buying this ... maybe rent it if there 's nothing else to rent , but I 'd recommend sticking to the first . Two out of five stars for bad script and bad focus .
 Apparently , nowadays to have a money making movie , you just need to add a cool name and some hot stars . This movie is a sequel to the 2001 movie Charlies Angels . Neither of these movies had the greatest plot but this one has the weakest . The movie starts out somewhere in Mongolia . Two of the angels are trying to rescue an important person held hostage while the other one rides a mechanical bull in a skimpy fluffy white dress . Moving in slo-mo for many scenes in the movie , this movie is usually hard to follow . The all-out action sequences are sometimes cool but get tiring after they repeat themselves . Sure the babes are hot but to keep an audience happy and pleased for an hour and a half you need a good plot to hold everything together ... -LRB- a bikini strap does n't count -RRB- . This movie may be enjoyed if your just looking for some fun on a rainy afternoon but other than that I would avoid it at all costs .
 While some people may think this was another charlie 's angels movie poking fun at the 70s version ... it was actually just a simple joke of a movie . i think i even saw the blue screen behind people in a few action shots . it was total farse and not even in a good way . it was bad acting . drew barrymore looked chubby and sick ... like she was literally sick ... she seemed stiff and like she could n't move . there were just weird direction in it too . i mean they fall off of a building -LRB- landing in some stupid synchronized pose of course on the ground -RRB- and it took two other scenes to show before coming back to them for them to all gasp and cough -LRB- like when you think someone drowned but they really did n't silliness you see in other movies and on tv -RRB- only after being shot while wearing bullet proof vests . also this movie seemed to make fun of black americans using black americans . it was kinda stereotyping them with self-deprecating humor which was just weird too . berny mack added absolutely nothing to this film . and his mother -LRB- who was an actress on Good Times fell flat too -RRB- . demi moore looked like she could barely walk without a cane let alone twirl around in the air while shooting people while wearing stilettos and keeping her head pointed forward with that long mane of hers . and thinking about the convent/creepy man story ... well this movie just seemed like an SNL skit on the first drew barrymore charlie 's angels movie which i thought was entertaining . no wonder you have to buy this one instead of renting it ... they know the word would spread and they would never make up the money from this disaster .
 Amazon will deceive you with this Video on Demand version of `` Charlie 's Angels Full Throttle . '' I bought the video and downloaded it along with many other films -LRB- including the original C.A. -RRB- . There is something wrong with the license of this video . I have tried to download and view this video on three machines and the license can not be accessed . Every other film I bought works fine . I followed Amazon 's technical support suggestions on getting the problem fixed , but it 's not my systems it 's the license and Amazon refuses to acknowledge it . Also , there is no refund on any of these products.Buy the DVD but DO NOT buy this on video on demand . Lucy Liu is the best but Amazon stole my money on this one .
 Okay . This is not a horrible movie . But it is nothing like the first one . If you are looking for this movie to be as good or better than the first , it 's not going to happen.There is about as much action in this one as the first , maybe even more . But there really is no story line going on . They had good intentions , but it does n't really go anywhere . It 's supposed to be a continuation from the first and in certain parts you get maybe a little hint here and there , but mostly you find you have to remind yourself what is going on . They actually repeated a lot of scenes from the first one but did so in a different light , angle , degree , concept.This move is just okay . I recommend renting or borrowing , but not buying this . No where near as good as the first .
 After watching this movie and drawing my own conclusions , I give it two stars . I did not buy it , ... rented it instead . Anyway , I came to the conclusion that it lacked a plot , ... that was problem no. 1 . Problem no. 2 , Bernie Mac as Bosley was downright horrible . Problem no. 3 , Kelly -LRB- JaclynSmith -RRB- was not given a big enough role in this movie . Her appearance inthe film was all too brief to say the least . I would have loved to have seen Kelly go after Angel-gone-bad Demi Moore and show her a few things about respect for the boss , ... Charlie , of course ! Drew , Cameron , and Luciwere okay , ... but they lacked the professionalism that the original Angelshad . This movie would have been better if Kelly would have had a much bigger role in the film . In fact , she could have ran the office in place of Bosley in this film , ... perhaps better . Still , the film was okay to say the least . It could have used a bit more of a story line , and still have the humor . Since Kelly -LRB- Jaclyn Smith -RRB- was not given a much bigger role in this flm , I will not be buying it !
 Hot girls , lots of cleavage , good pop music , expensive toys , high production values & special effects . But most of all 4 chicks , all 10 's on the babe meter . Make sure they wear just enough clothes so the 12 year old boys can get in the theater . Hey it 's a summer movie . Now its on dvd . Plot ? What 's that ? Bernie Mac has a few good lines . That 's it .
 I found this movie lame ... . it was poorly thought out and had no point . Maybe becaouse I dont remember the first movie that well I thought this was was just awfull . I dont think i cared for the first one either . Best part of the movie is when pink apeared and that is the only reason iam giving it to stars what a knock out
 Sorry but Demi Moore can not act ... And the very fact she needed 100K 's worth of plastic surgery to make her look `` young '' again is demeaning to women especially in this day and age where small children start to show signs of eating disorders . Apart from this gripe , which I could put aside as Demi Moore is only one women , but the plot is unsalvageable and only falls further downhill as the movie progesses . This movie may have made money , but not sense . At least in the first movie suspending disbelief was possible -LRB- and Sam Rockwell , a great actor , made an amazing villain , unlike Ms Moore and Justin Theroux - he was just too much -RRB- , but in this one forget it.On a better note there are some good moments in the film notably when it 's doing the comedy thing ... maybe thats something to look out for if your forced to watch this movie ! Also the leads are good and with a proper villian next time maybe this franchise could be good once again .
 They should have stopped at one film , it would have been enough , but if people will go and see sequels , I guess , why not make them ? I 'll say the same here as I did about the first film , it 's a nothing better to do rental movie . It is n't boring , but it 's similar to the Austin Powers type movie , the spoofing goes over the top and gets a bit monotonous and predictable .
 While the surfer theme was cute -LRB- and should have been used more -RRB- , this movie sucks . Does every case these girls work on involve an emotional backplot ? Why not something more like 007 , and less like Austin Powers ?
 it does n't matter if it 's the original theatrical verison or the unrated it 's still suck really ??? yes really i very like the first one i ca n't say i didnt but this is 2 much !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 The first movie was pretty good . It did not take itself too seriously and was funny . This one just is just plain awful . They went overboard and the end result was that it was totally lame and mind numbing .
 This movie is up there with cradle to the grave , Congo , and The Island of Dr. Moreau . I do n't know if I spelled the last one right , but who really cares when a movie sucked that bad.Anyways , back to the review . I loved the first movie , and when saw that Mc G and almost every character was back for the second movie , I went ahead and bought the second one from the strength of the first movie . Well now I know why Bill Murray was not in this one . He obviously read the script and ran.This movie is like one long drawn out music video . It should have been cut down to 20 minutes . the promotion should have been `` buy the soundtrack and get the DVD for free ! '' Everything that was fun and spontaneous in the first one was contrived and over the top in this one . Almost nothing that was supposed to be funny in this movie was funny . The only real laugh I had was when Lucy 's character started talking about doing all the sailors . That was pretty funny . Unfortunately one minute of comedy can not make up for the rest of the movie . Cameron was cute in the first movie , but she is almost starting to get to cocky about being cute . The best other example of this is Mel Gibson after braveheart . He had some great roles and did a good job captivating his audience , but after braveheart he always seemed to be over acting all the time . Look at the difference between Braveheart and the Patriot . You can also see pretty good examples in signs . The director needs to tell these great talents sometimes less is more.Cameron was very likable in the first movie . She was cute , innocent , and kid like , but she seems so confident in this movie that she almost is like `` look at me , look at me , am I not just the cutest thing '' . Yes Cameron , you are cute , but the reason why you were cute in the first movie and not the second one was because you seemed a little shy . In this one you were all to happy to shake it all over the place . In the big butts scene in the first one she took a while to warm up and get into it . You do not see any of that in the second one . She is just all out there at the drop of a hat dancing completely choreographed sequences like she was J-low . `` I meant to misspell that '' The only truly choreographed sequence I can remember in the first one was a dream sequence . That does not count in my book.RENT THIS FIRST BEFORE YOU BUY . I own almost 700 DVD 's and I can tell you this will not be a part of my collection as soon I can trade it in for the new teletubbies or Barney DVD if they will do me the favor and give me anything for it . If you have to buy it trust me wait a week and you will get it for half price.I really wanted to like this movie . I really did . I loved the first one but , as Hollywood often does , it tries to hard to out do the first one instead of handing the baton from the first to the second . This was one of the biggest flops of the summer . Now I know why it tanked at the box office . People like me were kind enough to tell you to save your money .
 I received the DVD and it had Chinese writing on the front . It was definitely a bootlegged copy and then to add insult to injury it did n't play properly . I 'm still waiting for the seller to give me my money back .
 This Planet of the Apes remake is just plain silly . There was no need to remake the beloved Charlton Heston classic ; Michael Clark Duncan is a capable ape but the rest of the leads are wooden and seem comfortable playing monkeys . Tim Burton really messed up making this one . Now , I know this is supposed to be a review of Charlie 's Angels Full Throttle but I got lazy damnit so this is a review of Planet of the Apes instead . Now , I have yet to see Full Throttle but I do n't really like Cameron Diaz Bernie Mac or females in action pictures in general , So I give it one star . That out of the way , instead of wasting your money on Planet of the Apes rent the sci-fi masterpiece Tron instead ; its like being born again .
 This movie is has so much s *** its unf *** ing barable . It has so many over the top crapp-ass moments
 The ladies are just not attractive enough . Nor do they seem intelligent enough to work undercover . Drew Barrymore is the only one with an ounce of sex appeal who can even come close to being a true `` Charlie 's Angel '' . Bad casting . These movies could have been utterly HUGE with better casting.Heather Graham would 've been great in this movie , along with someone like a younger Susan St. James or Angie Harmon . Or even Kate Hudson or Brittany Murphy with dark brown hair . DUH .
 My ten year old daughter thought this film was `` kind of stupid . '' When I asked her what was wrong with it , she hesitated about 2 seconds and said `` It needed a plot . '' If a normal ten year old can determine in 2 seconds what is wrong with this movie , why ca n't a studio with access to million dollar talent?This movie was particularly disappointing in comparison to the first film , which my daughter -LRB- and I -RRB- found fun and worth many reruns .
 Jesus.H.Christ.Am I Christian ? No . No , I am not . But you know what ? This movie is unquestionable evidence that God exists . God * has * to exist , because Charlie 's Angels
 This movie was , in nicest terms , HORRIBLE . Do n't even think about seeing this movie . The people never seem to die , and the special effects are bad . Bosley seems to have gotten a rare disease that makes his skin change color . If you do not like Bernie Mac 's comedy you do not like Bosley . I will not say another word about this movie , since you should not even talk about it .
 Along with Lara Croft
 OK , guys , Cameron Diaz is not hot !!!!! Drew Barrymore is fat !!! And Lucy Liu is okay , but if you want to see a real hottie click on my name and see the page made about me . That 's right , you know you like what you see !!!! I 'm hotter than all those Hollywood bimbos put together . If ya got plenty of dough and a hot bod to match maybe we can hook up ! shelovesbeach@yahoo.com
 I liked `` Charlie 's Angels '' when I saw it in the theatre.I -LRB- sadly enough -RRB- even bought the DVD . I knew that it was dumb but I thought it was dumb fun . I watched the DVD once and I put it on the shelf for a couple of years.I watched the movie again a couple of months ago and I hated it . It was n't dumb fun anymore . It was just dumb . The action scenes were not cool anymore , the funny parts were not that funny and the movie was just bad . I guess my taste in movies either matured or the movie was always bad and I just did n't realize it . `` Charlie 's Angels Full Throttle '' was just as bad as the first film . In many ways it was worse . This is just a movie for the juvenile fourteen year old `` Maxim '' crowd . I saw it because my parents made me see it . I hope I will never lose two hours of my life like that again.Why oh why was Bernie Mac in the film ? He is too good for this sort of material . Why Bernie why ?!?!
 The only thing that I am at all pleased about this movie is that I saw it for $ 3 after it had gone to the cheap theaters -LRB- and notice how quickly after it was released THAT happened - there 's a reason -RRB- . Actually , I was annoyed to have even spent $ 3 on it , and would probably have been annoyed if I had seen it for free . It 's just that bad.To further explain
 THIS UNRATED VERSION IS FALSE AND DECEPTIVE ADVERTISING . THERE IS NO FOUL LANGUAGE OR SKIN ANYWHERE IN THIS MOVIE . IT 'S A TRICK TO GET YOU TO RENT THE VIDEO . AND IT 'S TO COVER UP WHAT AND AWFUL MOVIE THIS IS . SO RIDUCLOUS AND THE TERRIBLE ACTING MAKES IT EVEN WORSE . RUN DO NOT WALK AWAY FROM THIS MOVIE IT SURLY IS ONE OF THE WORST OF THE YEAR .
 First off , I 'll start by saying that I hated the first CHARLIES ANGELS movie . I thought it had absolutely no story and , aside from starring Cameron Diaz and Lucy Liu , offered nothing noteworthy at all other than how bad I thought it was . So , of course I was hesitant to say the least to see the sequel , although I thought the trailers made the film look `` fun '' . That `` fun '' vibe -LRB- and Lucy Liu and Cameron Diaz -RRB- is what made me eventually give the film a look see . What did I think?Packed with jump cuts , slow motion sequences , freeze frames , celebrity cameos -LRB- Bruce Willis , Robert Forster , The Olsen Twins , Eve , and more -RRB- , song after song after song , and scantly clad women , the first thirty minutes of CHARLIES ANGELS
 I belong to Netflix and rent movies to preview them . If I like one , I might think about buying it . After renting CA : FT , I am very glad I did n't buy it.I have read many negative reviews here about CA : FT , and I agree with them . This is a very bad movie in virtually every catagory you can think of . However , I am not someone who is so totally obsessed by movies that they take over my life
 . . not wasting too many words on this flick ... they ruined Charlie 's Angles ... not suitable for teenagers or younsters ... disgusted me .
 Comedy is hard . If there is any film that proves this over and over it 's CHARLIE 'S ANGELS
 This is Hollywoods attempt to make a Summer Blockbuster that will appeal to women and men -LRB- `` boys , we got ta make a film for da broads too . . '' -RRB- . I cringe whenever I hear Hoochie # 1
 Pushes the stupid button so often that it is painfull to watch-if you think I 'm being harsh-my 14 year old son passed on watching this for the cartoon channel . So much for the draw of T & A.
 If I were to be given a choice between watching this movie again , or bashing myself in the head with a blunt rock , I 'd find the biggest boulder I could find and smash away.This movie was just god awful . Plain and simple . If I were to take anything out of the movie , I would learn that1 - it is possible to be in the air on a motorcycle , then go upside down , off the bike , fire 8 shots from two guns , and then land back on the bike in less than 2 seconds .2 - people can fly3 - The angels have a combined IQ roughly equal to a cucumberAND4 - Bill Murray made the wisest decision of his career to ditch out of this movie.Do yourself a favor , and avoid this film like the plague . I am dumber for watching it .
 To be brutally honest ... I HATE THIS MOVIE . Well yeah ... I only became interested in the `` Charlie 's Angels '' movies because Crispin Glover just so happens to be involved in them . I trully enjoyed watching the first one -LRB- I really liked it and to my surprise it was n't just because of Crispin -RRB- but when I watched this I felt like falling off a building myself . I wanted to return this movie to the video store in millions of little pieces . Crispin eased the pain for the THREE scences he appeared in but I was wincing in utter pain by the end and I felt as if the people who wrote the first film had betrayed me and so many other people . I really did n't need to see Cameron , Drew , and Lucy doing strip dances and TRYING to be smart by reading a STUPID script . Well yeah I 've spelled out my horrifying opinion on this atrocious pile of heaping sequel garbage . Although ... if they were to give more of a part to Mr. Glover then I MIGHT sit through a third ... just keep that in mind McG and John August !!! -LRB- Written by a thirteen year old -RRB-
 Believe me ! This got to be the worst movie of the summer . Unbelieveable stunt . Bad acting ! bad director ! Not funny anymore , no more sequel for this one ! No DVD buying too . That 's it ! Angels rest in peace ! ...
 god , this HAS to be one of the worst movies i have ever seen in my whole life . highly stupid . drew barrymore and lucy liu are some of my favorite actresses , but cameron diaz gets all the screen time . she 's a horrible actress and she continues to do idiotic movies . good job cameron.this movie had almost no plot , and it was n't very carried and supported throughout the movie . the dialogue was boring and dull .
 I HAVE NO PROBLEM WITH THIS MOVIE , I 'M SURE THE GIRLS DO A FINE JOB JUST LIKE THEY DID IN THE FIRST ONE . THAT MOVIE TURNED OUT ALRIGHT IN SPITE OF MY INITIAL MISGIVINGS ABOUT SEEING IT . AND THAT WAS DUE IN LARGE PART TO GOOD CASTING . THE CAST OF ANGELS IS BACK ALONG WITH DEMI MOORE AS THE BADDIE , BUT WHO IN THEIR RIGHT MIND CAST BERNIE MAC AS BOSLEY ? DID N'T ANYONE WATCH THE 70 'S T.V. SHOW ? BOSLEY WAS TIMID AND UNSURE OF HIMSELF , IN SHORT EVERYTHING BERNIE MAC IS N'T . BILL MURRAY WAS GREAT IN THAT ROLE ! -LRB- NOTE TO MOVIE PRODUCERS -RRB- WHEN YOU REMAKE A T.V. SHOW THAT HAS AN ESTABLISHED AUDIENCE TRY TO STAY TRUE TO US AND MAKE THE CHARACTERS THE WAY WE REMEMBER THEM , DO N'T JUST CAST SOMEBODY IN A ROLE BECAUSE THIER POPULAR . I WILL PROBABY SEE THE MOVIE DESITE THIS GIGANTIC SCREW UP IN CASTING , I JUST HOPE THE OTHERS CAN PULL IT ABOVE SUCH AN OBVIOUS FLAW . MR.MURRAY WILL BE SADLY MISSED .
 The reason why I went to the cinema to see this movie was because the first one was Ok and when I saw the trailer thought that it was a stupid movie but had some funny scenes.But let me tell you that after 30 minutes I was coming crazy with it because there was nothing good about it and I was hoping Demi would kill the angels so it could be over so I could leave the theatre and the most important thing that there will never be Charlie 's angels 3 . I may be hard about this movie but I 'm being honest , if you have n't seen it you do n't know how borring and stupid it is . Besides I do n't understand how Jackelyn Smith -LRB- singer Pink also appears in the film -RRB- agreed to appear in the movie because honestly it 's an insult to her good work as an original angel.This is an unrated version but it 's just to excite to buy but I 've seen this version and there 's nothing that could be rated except stupiness.The only good thing that I understood with this movie is that almost always sequels are no good .
 I was told that the fist Charlie 's Angels was a decent if light film to watch and that is why I decided to see the second installment . I realized , that the second movie made after a big success is never as good as the first one ... but even that idea could not have explained how bad this film was.I can not think of a worst way to spend an evening when you would like to relax and enjoy time with friends . At a certain point , the film became so boring and predictable that I started to look at my watch to see when the torture would end.These girls -LRB- I admit , very good looking and sexy -RRB- are involved in a mission to save several lives , but the plot is mindless , exaggerated , and all the fighting and kicking seems to be badly copied from The Matrix , in terms of film technology used . The story is silly and goofy , and the film tries to cover that up using too many special effects and sound that is too loud . It 's a complete waste if we judge by the big budget this movie had.If you do n't want to have a ruined evening , I suggest you stay home and pass your time in a different way.This is a movie that must be missed !
 People do n't you get it ? You 're being insulted by hollywood . They know that you will spend money just to see young actractive no-talent actresses in a softcore porn movie with no plot , story , brains , this film is completely void of everything , it 's sole purpose was to cash in on the first piece of junk . Please people , are n't you tired of watching trendy trash . Why do n't you guys stop seeing these films and see good films , like Dead Poet 's Society or Citizen Kane . Movies that had acting , plot , and characters . Quite watching advertising movies that show off everything hollywood says you should have . These movies basically say `` you 're not cool unless you dress like this and go along with the latest trends . '' Think for yourself , and if trash like this is your thing , then I 'm sorry . I just think the old `` sex sells '' thing is getting old , but then again this is america , do you what you want , live how you want and not how you should , we think with our private parts , we kill our babies and worship nudity . I 'm `` proud '' to be an `` american . ''
 I loved the first movie . It was funny and absolutely entertaining . The Sequel failed on all levels . Horrible Story -LRB- was there one ? -RRB- and acting . The former charming Angels were bad parodies of themselves and Demi looked great but that was it . What did they think ? I hope for a 3rd installment that captures the spirit of the 1st one again and makes `` Full Throttle '' just an accident in movie making ... the girls would deserve it !!!
 Let me just say that two stars is really being two kind . This movie is one big joke . The first one was acceptable , but this one is just ridiculous . What were Cameron , Lucy , and Drew thinking when they did this crap ? Charlie 's Angels was a good series , but this movie is a flat out disgrace . I was so disappointed , not to mention bored to tears . Demi Moore 's character as the fallen angel was over-rated , and Crispin Glover 's character was even more watered down , or should I say dumbed down -LRB- if that 's a word -RRB- than in the first film . This movie was terrible for it to have so many A-list stars in it ... What a waste !
 Generally , I dig cheesecake as much as the next guy . But what this movie offers in that department is simply not worth it when you consider what you have to put up with to get it . What you have to put up with is , quite possibly , the most poorly written script that any major Hollywood release has ever had . Bad movies are one thing and some are even fun in their badness . This movie skirts around fun and just settles into uncomfortable.Scenes run together with no connecting elements whatsoever beyond the foolish whims of so-called director McG and whatever chimp wrote the film . The performances from the actors are as unbelievable as the foolish and poorly choreographed stunts they spend the entire film throwing at us.The Matrix offered moviegoers an asounding array of stunts . Charlie 's Angels , attempting to captilize on that , offers a wide array of ludicrous , unbelievable , unimpressive and cartoonish stunts . And let 's not forget numerous useless celebrity cameos . And why is Demi Moore in this movie ? Who knows . My hat goes off to Bill Murray who had the good sense to stay as far from this mess as possible .
 Oh My god , what a total waste of time and money ... I watched it last night and it embarrased me , the quality of the movies are at an all time low . Its like a plague that has all the producers and even veiwers screaming and hooting for stupid impossible stunts ... For instance in the ending two people fall off a 15 story building and they both survived ... it was a sign that killed them when it fell from the same location ... I have to also say that the dvd does not have any fun bonuses and i would not even consider ever watching another CA movie ever again ...
 Charlie 's Angels
 First , I was slightly entertained by the first Angel 's and had high hopes for this one after seeing the trailer . Those hopes were dashed by the first ten minutes and I was looking for someone to hurt after 40 minutes . This has got to be the worst effort in film making ever . Sure Demi , Cameron , Drew , and Lucy are some of the best looking women in Hollywood . But that does not excuse this waste of money and film . I am not even going to give you a plot summary , because you do n't even want to have a sliver of interest in this film . Watcher beware , unless you are in the fake-looking stunts or girls gone wild production genre .
 My parents gave me a free pass they had for this movie , I may never forgive them ! I 'm the one people are always asking to lower the volume on his surround system but I could n't stand the noise coming out of this one.Bad comedy , god-awful acting , phony / unbelievable special effects , etc. etc. . I 'd rather not go on ... If you like this movie , do n't expect to get to far in high school !
 After seeing this agonizing `` mess '' of excess and absurdity , I was actually curious about the commentaries -- Good Lord , there 's a WRITER 's commentary included here -- since I wondered how anyone could comment about this scary piece of CGI fecal matter . I 've actually spent more time trying to figure out how to express myself on amazon.com that they would print than I did watching the movie . It 's just that bad.Thankfully , FULL THROTTLE `` underperformed '' at the box office -LRB- studio lingo that it tanked -RRB- , so the universe will not be subjected to another CHARLIE 'S ANGELS film . Otherwise , I think we could be subjected to some form of supernatural plague of cosmic retribution for this gastric emission.THE CANNONBALL RUN was the first movie I saw where I thought the people who made the movie had more fun than anyone actually watching it . FULL THROTTLE amps that sentiment up to a millionth degree -LRB- just watch the bimbo eruptions in the closing credits -RRB- . Yikes.These movies make the original TV shows look like classical theatre .
 This movie was by far one of the worst movies I have even seen in a movie theater -LRB- second only to He Got Game and Cabin Fever -RRB- . I know , I know , this movie is n't meant to be realistic or have a riviting plot ... but COME ON!The plot was atricious , the dialog was cliched and pathetic , the acting was horrible , and it was obvious the director had made his money directing music videos . What the hell is McG anyway?I admit , I did n't go into this movie with high expectations , but I was still hugely disappointed . I liked the first movie because of Bill Murray -LRB- who was inadequately replaced with Bernie Mac -RRB- and the action scenes , which I thought was very well choriographed . The action scenes in this movie however were very -LRB- and I 'm talking VERY -RRB- unrealistic , overdone , and copied from other movies . I do n't look for realism in action movies , but this was just so over the top I could n't help it.The other thing that made me mad about this movie was I could n't get over the sense that the makers of the movie were targeting the male audience , and suckering them into paying to watch a terrible movie just to see scantily clad women . There are many GOOD movies that I can watch for that and still enjoy the movie . Bottom line , if a crappy movie has pretty girls in it , it 's still a crappy movie.Do not waste your time with this movie . If you just want to see the girls , see the first one . If you want to actually see a good action movie , there are tons out there that are a lot better than this .
 What is this film about ?! It 's just the worse thing I 've seen for ages . It does n't even enter into `` so bad it 's good '' territory as it is just plain bad . It has nothing to do with `` Charlies Angels '' other than that it is about three good-looking women ... It 's loaded with Matrix-style effects for no reason other than to say `` Look at the budget we spent on this crap ! `` An absolute embarrassment for all concerned.Also
 This is the worst movie I have ever watched . . It was far from the first one , the story is weak and unbelievable ... it does not have a contincency , action scenes are terrible . . the only good thing is for this movie is the fabolous Demi Moore . . One wonders what happened to the angels in time . . there was a scene between Drew and old angel from the series and you realized there , these angels simply wo n`t do , they are lack the beauty ... especially Ms.Diaz ...
 I sat down with a large bowl of popcorn , hoping to blow off a couple of hours of a cold fall afternoon . After about 20 minutes of this wretched mess , I was finishing my popcorn with one hand and holding down the fast forward button with the other . I really did not want much from the film , just to be entertained . However , while the first Charlie 's Angels film was mildly entertaining , but this movie manages to be both insipid and boring . Trust me , the other , more detailed , negative reviews here are not writers trying to show off by trashing a harmless movie , `` Full Throttle '' really is as awful as they all say .
 This is a good way to waste a couple hours of your life . It 's simply a bunch of great movies scenes from other movies , put together into one movie to make a crappy movie . This was n't meant for girls who want role models , it 's for guys who ca n't get laid . There is no plot , no good characters and Bosely sucks .
 I saw this movie in theaters , knowing that I did n't perticullary like the last movie . However , this second Charlie 's Angels was pathetic . I did n't like it at all . The plot was slow , boring , and I could n't wait for the movie to get over with .
 I rarely post one-star reviews here , but this movie , and common morality , demands an attempt to save others from the spirit-crushing , mind-numbing experience of watching this movie.The record number amount of overhype and commericals that preceded the film 's release should have been a giveaway.They were n't expecting us to stay long enough to see all of the product placements.OK , where to start ... bad writing , bad script , bad directing , bad acting , lousy special effects , zero suspension of disbelief , replacement WITHOUT EXPLANATION of one of the main characters ... OK , here 's a few things you should consider before spending money on this awful piece of cinema.I 'll attempt not to spoil any `` suprises '' that may be in store for anyone
 It 's not a good sign when you fall asleep while watching a movie . The ` disposable ' plot certainly did not help keep my attention . I decided to finish the DVD a few days later as I did find some good laughs before dozing off . This is a good comedy-action film . Though some of the action is so outrageously impossible that you could probably call it comedy ! The cameo appearances and the featurettes added somewhat to the DVD . Overall this film was a disappointment when compared to the first Charlies Angels .
 The wonderful remake of Charlie 's Angels was phenomenal . They took a touch of unreal things and blended it with a beautiful high tech secret world . The sequel however , is skimpy outfits , bad acting , fake effects , and nothing much else . Firstly I would like to tell you why I give it two . Demi Moore looked great ! She never delivered an evil role so beautifully and did n't deserve her Worst Supporting Acress Razzie . Drew Barrymore stayed deep and serious in her character , but Lucy and Cameron came out with stupid ditzy performances that did n't make them as smart as they were in the original film . One thing that could 've made the movie better would 've been less stupid effects , and a more touch of reality like we saw in the first installment . Not even B worthy , I give this film a D -
 I have to say that this movie is the worst piece of crap ever made . Bad acting , an extremely stupid story , and ridiculous special effects . Talk about the `` dumbing down of America '' . If you were planning on watching this movie , i recommend that you do n't waste your time . It 's going to piss you off big time !!! I wish I could give it no stars .
 OK , i just saw this thing for a second time and i hate myself even more for sitting thru it twice , i must be a masochist , i guess i was n't sure if really hated it ... well i do . Not only is this a travesty of film making -LRB- the story is barely patched together , a lot of it does n't even make sense , at one point it looks the the Angels can actually fly ! am i missing something ? -RRB- The subplot with John Cleese is lame -LRB- poor Mr. Cleese , at least Shia Lebouf or whatever his name is can blame his youth on his cameo -RRB- The movie is just plain dumb ... at least the first one was original in it 's idiocy . And let 's be honest , Drew is a an attractive woman and will turn heads pretty much everywhere , but when you team her up with two supermodels in Cameron and Liu ... well ... come on ... And someone tell McG to stop using all these great 70 's tunes in his horrible movies ! they 're tainting my memories !
 If this was any other movie , it 'd win Worst Picture of the Year hands down . But it 's Charlie 's Angels . Therefore , we 're supposed to ignore everything bad about it and have fun . The only fun I had was watching Crispin Glover , and they probably purposely made his spot small , so as not to take away from the `` fun '' of the rest of the movie . Seems like every scene is a music video , with enough ridiculous wire moves and slow motion to fill up 4 or 5 other movies . Four people will enjoy this movie :1 . -RRB- Teenage girls2 . -RRB- Teenage boys3 . -RRB- Men without girlfriends4 . -RRB- Women high on the `` girl power '' tripIf you 're not on that list , do n't bother .
 This has got to be the worst movie ever made -LRB- next to Gigli -RRB- . It has absolutely no plot and every other scene has the women dancing to some stupid song or an action sequence with music blaring.I cant believe I even spent my money on a matinee on this garbage . If you are under the age of 20 this movie will appeal to you because your brains are still trying to develop and you have no concept of what 's right and wrong . This movie is definitely wrong and a waste of time and money .
 I found myself saying `` oh brother '' more times than I think I ever have during a movie . James Bond movies carry unbelievable stunts , but at least those movies keep some sense of reality . This movie does n't portray any sense of reality to absolute impossible stunts that could never happen . But it was n't just the over the top stunts that stunk up this film . A combination of sudden magic when the girls would be in one place then all of a sudden somewhere else , then poof , they disappeared to another location . Bad acting and Demi Moore overshadowing the main stars , and forget about any story or plot . There is n't one . And by the way , what the hell was the point of Crispin Glover 's role ? What a stupid movie ... Please do n't make another sequel .
 After the first 5 minutes of this film , I heard a little voice in my head say `` WHAT !? Thats it , I 'm outta here '' followed by some pitter-pattering of feet , and a slammed door . There is no way that I can express how bad this movie is , so I will quote critics . `` Was this movie good ? No , if you took all the bad stuff out , it would n't be 5 minutes long . Would I see it again ? I 'd rather have my arm cut off with a potato peeler '' `` about as subtle as a tap-dancing elephant '' `` this film represents , in a very real way , the death of American cinema `` Avoid this movie like the plague !
 Cameron Diaz -LRB- Charlies Angels -RRB- , Lucy Liu -LRB- Charlies Angels -RRB- and Drew Barrymore -LRB- Charlies Angels -RRB- reprise their roles as the three lovable angels from the 2000 hit movie . . but this one is plaing dumb , 1 in a half star for me . . becuase theres some funny parts in this movie ... and some cameos . cameos include , Olsen Twins -LRB- tv 's Full House -RRB- , Eve -LRB- XXX -RRB- , Eric Bogosian -LRB- Gossip -RRB- and Bruce Willis -LRB- Bandits -RRB- ... well because his ex Demi Moore -LRB- St. Elmos Fire -RRB- is in this one ... terrible dialouge with lots of stupid action set pieces makes this a crappy sequel ... damn you McG -LRB- tv 's Fastlane -RRB- for making this junk . . other stars include Andrew Wilson -LRB- Royal Tenenbaums -RRB- , his brother Luke Wilson -LRB- Blue Streak -RRB- , Matt LeBlanc -LRB- Lost In Space -RRB- , Robert Patrick -LRB- Die Hard 2 : Die Harder -RRB- , Justin Theroux -LRB- Mulholland Dr. -RRB- , John Cleese -LRB- Die Another Day -RRB- , Crispin Glover -LRB- Like Mike -RRB- , Carrie Fisher -LRB- Drop Dead Fred -RRB- , Nick Cassevettes -LRB- Face/Off -RRB- , Shai LeBeouf -LRB- Tv 's Even STevens -RRB- , John Forsythe -LRB- Charlie from the tv show Charlies Angels -RRB- and Bernie Mac -LRB- Head OF State , he has like 3 funny moments , when he is playing Clue , when hes a crossing guard and when hes explaining hes Irish -RRB- , pure crap
 Charlie 's Angels
 I loved the first one . This one looks like a -LSB- bad -RSB- ten minute sketch from Saturday Night Live spoofing Hollywood expanded to movie length . I really need a thesaurus to give this movie its true description . I just do n't have all the words I need . But , I can start with inane , insipid , incomprehensible , idiotic . What a waste of cuties in this extended music video . It wanders and never ends up anywhere . It reminds me of a couple of stoners let loose in a movie studio . `` OOooh , we can get John Cleese and Demi Moore . Ooooh , let 's put in that Who song . ''
 I do think this movie is bad , but not just because of its minimal plot and shameless fanservice . A dumb movie can be good , if it knows its crowd and does n't take it itself too seriously , but this movie has an element of extreme _ strangeness _ which makes it impossible to enjoy . The pacing and the dialogue are all wrong . It does n't seem to know what effect it wants to have , and jokes are delivered in a bizzare deadpan fashion which forbids laughter . Also it clips along at a fairly breakneak speed , giving no pause for laughter ; one joke -LRB- which is n't really funny anyway -RRB- is piled on top of another , as though to compensate for quality with volume . Then there 's the plot , which tries too hard to actually exist and keeps distracting from the action . Information is always being introduced by way of some clumsy exposition , in a way that makes you feel you should be paying attention , even though you know the plot does n't matter . Then there 's the tone . That indecision is really what characterizes Full Throttle . You do n't know what you 're supposed to take seriously . It just ca n't strike the right balance between comedy and drama . There are moments near the end which are really grotesque or depressing , and they just take all of the force out of the jokes , but then the jokes make it impossible to take the drama seriously.Still , the overall production is impressive , and it does have a few nice moments -LRB- the menacing Irish gangster , about as out-of-place in this movie as a classy villain like Hannibal Lechter would be -RRB- , and John Cleese as Lucy Liu 's father in a typically good performance . It might just be worth seeing , if only to see the unique way in which they managed to botch it .
 This was sickening and incredibly stupid . Hollywood has dumbed down today 's movie audience if people actually thinks this is a good movie . I 've seen heart surgeries more entertaining than this crud . I could set up a hamster and a rat and they could write and direct something better than this . This is a big waste of money . If you got roped into seeing this on DVD like I did come join me at the '' Avoid Charlie 's Angels
 This is the worst sequel I have thus far seen in the last few years !! ABSOLUTELY TASTELESS AND RIDICULOUS ! LEt there never again be an ANGELS sequel !! Waste of cash , to even rent !! I would give it no stars if I could ! Rajah
 Without a doubt this is the worst movie I have seen in years . Had I seen it in a theatre it would be a definite walk-out . I do n't expect a story , but the stunts and effects were idiotic and were edited in that seizure inducing way that I guess is targeted at 16 year olds . Smug , unfunny , and a complete wast of time . Just because all the actors showed up , does not warrant this mess .
 Sad to say but this is one of the worst movie I 've ever seen . I regret paying $ 4 to rent this movie .
 As a teenager , I loved Charlie 's Angels -LRB- the TV series -RRB- . I was actually pleasantly surprised by the first movie . This movie , on the other hand , is a perfect example of what Hollywood does best
 ... but it 's still a pretty good film . More of the same , but less so , although I think this relies on too much CGI to show Demi Moore in a bikini . Still entertaining.Sherlock Holmes and the Flying Zombie Death Monkeys
 This movie should have been called `` Charlie 's Angels
 I first became aware of this film because of the presence of Brad Dourif . I sort of collect films with him in them as I 'm a big fan and this film came up in an Amazon search . I purchased it based on the fact that he has a lead role -LRB- something that is kind of rare for him as he usually does character parts -RRB- . To be completely honest , though , I was n't impressed . Brad was great and gave the role his usual intensity , but the story was bleak , slow as molasses , and , while the plot is based on historical events , I did n't think they had enough of a story to make a whole TV movie about it . It drags on and on , none of what happens is very interesting and it can basically be summed up in a few sentences
 This was a copy of the original DVD . Movie stalled in the middle , lucky I read the book and knew how it ended !
 Could not have been a worse movie . Horrible , stiff acting ; embarassing dialog that made me cringe ; not one moment of humor ; pointless symbolism -LRB- a plate of moldy food on the doorstep ... deep , man -RRB- . Truly the worst movie I 've seen in years .
 I had a tremendously difficult time sitting through this movie . There is nothing good I can say about it . It is poorly written , directed and forced upon the unsuspecting audience before you know what hits you.The plot involves nine friends who get together at a cabin in the woods , `` Big Chill '' style but minus the style . Then we must endure cheesy dialoge while the movie plods along , unfolding new and uninteresting facts about each relationship as if we cared enough to want to know . The more I learned the less I cared.It was such a let down that I feel writing this review will somehow make my time spent worthwhile by saving someone else the misery.Carol
 I would not recommend this movie . It was filmed a long time ago and probably not good then either . It was predictable and boring and the acting was terrible . Everyone just seemed so affected like they knew a camera was focused on them the entire time . The dialogue was the worst part of all . The Big Chill was a classic and very difficult to copy without viewers expecting the same quality entertainment . This one did not even come close . The only good part was the end which did not come soon enough .
 I write this in hope that I can dissuade indie-film loving viewers from renting this . I never negatively criticize a movie and always avoid making objective statements . This movie is bad ! The worst movie I have ever seen ! I rarely watch big-budget movies , so my opinion is not resulting from lack of appreciation . I love obscure , slow-moving , complicated independent film . This is not any of those . This is a low-budget horror film , without the horror . Or a low-budget porno , without the sex . One more
 I read other reviews and thought that I would enjoy this , but the movie I found quite disappointing . The acting is weak and the actors unable to really get `` into '' their characters . I found myself several times thinking ` oh , this is an actor/actress reading lines from a script , ' as they made uncharacteristic speechs , or just spoke inconsistently.The dialogue was generally weak ; I did n't feel like the actors were speaking something natural , but they were saying things because the plot required them.In many places , the movie had too much going on -- too many plot elements , too many things -- and there was never a sense of resolution . It 's like the writer had too much in there and just wanted to get it all into one film , round-robining from one couple/character to the next in order to give everyone their fair chance.I had the feeling that this movie was made according to a formula someone learned in film school . It was almost theatrical in its scripting , with gratuitous things happening just because you expected them to happen or because the writer was n't disciplined enough to cut out what was extraneous.So , I found it disappointing . It was n't bad , in the sense that you walk out saying `` this was awful , '' but it was bad in the sense that at the end I thought , `` hey , I could have spent that time watching a much better movie . ''
 It must be a matter of personal taste but I was not impressed with this movie at all . The acting seemed like acting , not real life . I kept waiting for something significant to happen and it never did . The plate on the porch bit was just plain dumb and the dialogue was corny at best . The whole thing was a big let down . I would much rather see The Big Chill again . I think I was expecting a modern version of it , but this movie was not it . I find it hard to believe two reviews could be this much different . To each their own I guess .
 Pathetically corny . Horrible soundtrack/music/lyrics . Lame , tired script - Every cliche ' in the book . Even the title is dumb ! Seems like a really amateurish attempt at making a movie that 's like `` The Big Chill '' , which was made 20 years previous , and is FAR superior to this junk . Interesting how these reviews here are either one extreme or the other . I can not believe that this trash actually won awards ... This CA N'T be true . Can it ?!
 Not a good movie . It was worse than bad . It was painful to watch . Incredibly boring . It made me laugh for all the wrong reasons . It made the hair stand up on the back of my neck . It made my husband ask why oh why did I let you pick out the movie ? Never again .
 This is a horrible recording of the Nutcracker . You can not make out what is going on - although I am sure that the dancers performed well - it is the actual recording that is terrible . I could not even finish watching this one . I have several versions of the Nutcracker - all of which are great . I have an extensive collection of ballet tapes and this is the only ballet tape that I will actually throw in the trash . Do n't waste your money .
 I am a die hard drag racing fan . Nostagia my favorite type of drag racing . The folks are out there to have a good time , not profile for the sponsors.This dvd did n't work for me . It was poorly shot , poorly edited and fixated on the worst part of racing , the crash . You get to see crashes over and over . Crashes in slow motion , crashes in reverse , crashes in reverse slow motion . I actually fast forwarded thru parts . If this had been my first exposure to vintage racing , I would have walked away thinking all front engine dragsters do nothing but crash.I gave it one star because amazon wo n't let me give it zero stars . My advice is to wait for this one to hit the $ 5.99 video list .
 After a fairly promising start , this film becomes a major disappointment , turning into something out of `` The Goonies '' . Considering that this film is the sequel to what I believe is the best action movie ever made -LRB- The Road Warrior -RRB- , Mad Max
 Like A Boy And His Dog , or for that matter , Wall-E , I can appreciate movies about living after the major downfall of man . But that 's only if it concerns people or characters , even philosophy , I care about . I cant dredge out sympathy for a crew that is basically unlikeable , therefore the ending scenes of the road rage scenario lacked basic punch because I was virtually rooting for no one . I actually found the kids obnoxious , dirty , filthy , and lacking personality overall . There wasnt even a stand out child to proclaim we are someone worthy of the big screen treatment , as they all whined , yelled , and shed desperate concern over each other 's ideals for where do we go from here in the next generation dilemma . I didnt expect them to get up and dance like a Road Warrior musical , but they could at least have been given some personality spirit.Tina Turner is only likeable because of what we know of her from the music world in entertainment , but her character is barely likeable if not for who is playing her . The pigs in the center of the community that is the backbone of the local energy storage maked me think that even the pigs are regretting their appearance in these scenes . Unlike when Dorothy first proclaimed the pig sty as a magical place of terror , and Peanuts pig pen proclaims his proudness for his filth , this pig pen reeks of the smell from whence it came , and its utterly gross . Im grateful Smell-O-Vision was only an experiment in other films.Mel Gibson appears lost among the children , and the Bartertown community , its no wonder this was the last of the series . The final sequence with the philosophical redering is close to mind curdling in having to endure this dialogue , which virtually means nothing . If it wasnt for the close caption on dvds , I might never have understood the original script to this movie , as its nearly uncomrehensible . Now that 's really something to ` member.In the end , the soundtrack was way better than the movie ever could be , even with the fight scene with barely a climax other than when a spectator decided to do in the opposing fighter that Mel refused to dispose of . If that 's a spoiler , it 's no biggie.And how a movie of this magnitude lacking total suspense ...
 A very confused movie . Starts okay and then goes off in multiple tangents from gratuitous Mad Max chase to Lord of the Flies . Tina is a waste of film . A perfect example of what happens when Hollywood gets involved .
 I wish i had never watched this at all . The action in this movie is terrible . Tina Turner is annoying . Master blaster and the actual thunderdome battle are the only interstng things in this movie and the only reason it does n't get a 1 . Also that weird little racoon eyed kid is kind of fun ... he should have his own movie . The ending of the actual film is pretty but it is very childish . I swear this movie was watered down to be accessible to eight year olds . In conclusion if a 8 year old or YOUNGER wants to see a mad max movie . . this would be their ideal , otherwise dont waste time ... go watch THe Road Warrior again .
 What a disappointment ! The first 2 mad max films are classic , but this one is not nearly as good ! The car chase at the end was terrible .
 Wow , are you kidding ? Words do n't express my dissatisfaction with this pile of dung . Mad Max was fantastic , Road Warrior was wonderful . This bomb should have been used as a directors training film on how to mess up a sure thing . I guess it 's just too easy to foul up a sequel when you ca n't figure out why the audience liked the originals and your star is n't really interested in the project . Sorry Mel , but even you ca n't save this one .
 I erroneously thought this movie would appreciate over time , but instead it got about 100 times worse . Thankfully I only wasted $ 3.22 for a used dvd -LRB- in good condition . -RRB- Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome should be honored in the top 5 of the worlds worst ever movies . If you are looking for a good nostalgic flick ... this is n't it .
 Mad Max and Road Warrior were brilliant essays on society 's need for a hero , and the inevitable triumph of a society that HAS a hero.Hollywood needed a way to package the Mad Max franchise and present it to an American audience , and Tina Turner had a hit album out back when the movie was made , so Thunderdome seemed like a good idea to the accountants on the committee that made this movie.Interesting to note that the `` We Do n't Need a Hero '' Tina Turner song was in this movie . So any Mad Max movie in which a Hero is needed - that 's a good movie.It 's also interesting to compare Mad Max/Roadwarrior to Lethal Weapon , in which they DO talk about needing a hero . In fact many of the scenes in LW are extremely similar to scenes in MM/RW , if you change the clothes the actors are wearing and the setting . Just change Max Rockatanski 's reflexes for Rigg 's shooting accuracy , and you can see that the Mad Max franchise was successfully repackaged as the Lethal Weapon franchise.So go buy Mad Max , Road Warrior , Lethal Weapon , or Lethal Weapon 4 , but Thunderdome is dross .
 Some questions : Why do they HAVE TO to go bartertown to rescuse the little guy ? The movie never makes it clear why he 's needed . Why does Tina Turner 's character go to the all the trouble to chase Max and just LET HIM GO at the end ? Why does n't the pilot from the second movie or Max recognize each other ? Why does the movie try to be more of a comedy then the first two movies and then try to make some kind of grand social commentary at the end?The music in this movie was n't bad , but it was totally inappropriate and nonsensical for the theme of this movie.I 'm assuming most of the people rating this movie well were eight year olds when they saw it . I just watched it recently for the first time as an adult . It turned out to be much worse than what I was expecting . The first two movies however , are great.All things considered , this movie really sucks .
 If you want to watch a Mad Max movie , buy the original because that 's the only one that 's worth it . This was a joke , plain and simple . Infact , it couls possibly be the worst film i 've ever had the displeasure to see . The whole ` futuristic ' setting is flawed with cheap and badly made costumes , make up and props such as swords and blades which look plastic . It was obviously made on a show-string budget . The filming and direction is nothing special , the script is terrible and the fight scenes are laughable beyond belief . It certainly appears that no proper training or rehersal went into any of it.And the plot is boring , and the whole film drags on and on ...
 I really thought the movie blew chunks , I am not a fan of Post-Apocalyptic movies but nonetheless Mad Max 1 was good , Mad Max 2 decent and this , Just God-Awful . There is no Denying Mel Gibson is a good actor and a cool guy . And Tina Turner has some good skills and very hot but besides these two and the vehicles , the whole movie made no sense at all , there is no continuity.And then you have the subtle Anti-Nuclear message in there especially at the end with Sydney all in shambles . I am so happy that Liberals Were proven Wrong went it Came to Reagan and everything else -LRB- even now -RRB- , And that 's right as political as the movie is I have to get my jab in as well . So an Incoherent Review with no continuity by me makes more sense than this happy go lucky hippie filth.If it were up to Europeans and Pseudo-Europeans we would have lost the cold war . In Conclusion this movie besides it 's subtle AntiNuke Message is an snore fest that should have been something else other than a Mad Max Franchise movie and you Eco-Fascists can zero my review all you want this movie is not A Mad Max Movie and it 's terrible .
 What the hell was the screenwriter guy smoking -LRB- cause I need some of it -RRB- when he wrote this ? Why would they burn pigs for fuel and how can they randomly find a big valley full of water in the middle of a nuclear desert ? And also , how would there be a group mass of children sitting there saying , `` Our prophecy 's fulfilled . We are going to fly back to the city . '' ? Mel Gibson has got to be the worst actor they could find for this movie because he was trying to get rid of his Austrailian accent while adopting an American one , so it comes out sounding like a preadolescent monkey ! All the copies of this movie deserve to be burn , the screenwriters should hang their heads in shame , and all affiliated with the production should hide out in the boonies . Gibson should go back to his native tribe , the Aborigines . You 're not welcome in America anymore !
 The Road Warrior/MM2 is one of my all-time favorite movies . I saw it when I was too young , probably about 12 years old , and it made an impression on me that lasts to this day . I really fell in love with The Road Warrior for its message , the raw action , the movement and feeling of the movie , the gripping plot , the fantastic soundtrack , and the fact that after watching it 50 times in my life , I can still only find a few small mistakes in The Road Warrior and would give it 6 stars if possible . I feel almost as strongly about Mad Max 1 , and would give it 4 stars -LRB- only because there are some slow and boring parts in the middle and the `` gang '' is too `` gay '' in parts and not as convincing as cold blooded killers as the `` gang '' in The Road Warrior . Anyway , moving on to Beyond Thunderdome
 This time Max gets caught up in a power struggle between the two ruling parties of Bartertown , claimed by Tina Turner to be civilization rebuilt . On one hand we have MasterBlaster , a midget and creator of the methane gas power derived from pig feces and on the other we have Tina Turner , the figurehead of law and order . Master , considered to be vastly intelligent , speaks childlike English and rides on a big steel-helmeted man . Their relationship is , complicated , to say the least.The first half of the movie revolves around Bartertown 's Thunderdome and the nauseating repetition of the line , `` Two men enter , one man leaves . '' Max must fight for his life in the Thunderdome to win his property back . The town is sometimes portrayed with a jazzy saxophone and trumpet score giving the leather clad dominatrix tribesmen a noir detective feel . This pairing of music and image is simply nonsensical.The second half of the movie is a post-apocalyptic rendition of Peter Pan 's lost boys . The children want to be swept away to -LRB- no joking -RRB- `` Tomorrow Tomorrow Land '' and they think Max is a Messiah come to take them there . Not only that but the climax is the only car chase of the film and it involves a fantastical train making a fanciful escape ; the children , Mad Max and the reinvented Master , all aboard!The movie 's high points are Dean Semler 's cinematography -LRB- his other work includes
 If you are an avid Marx Brothers collector , there might be some obscure film & home movie clips you might enjoy , but otherwise , pass on this piece of work . There have been several very good documentaries on the Marx Brothers , all much better than this one.Each of the Marx Brothers was a fascinating personality , on screen and off , and we learn very little about the . Aside from the narration , there are very few interview sources , the prominent being one of Groucho 's former personal assistants . Therefore , we learn a little about what made Groucho tick , and very little about Harpo , Chico , Zeppo , and Gummo.The actual history of theie professional success comes off like cliff notes , very hurried , like somebody just wanted to wrap up the project quickly as possible.The extras and rare clips are enjoyable , especially the audio clip where Harpo speaks . I know there are folks who are mixed on this one ; some are anxious to hear his voice , some like to keep the mystique in place . To each his own . Harpo has been one of my personal heroes since I was a child , and much as I find his onscreen character so endearing , I was always eager to hear what he sounded like . Just a trivial little thing , and I enjoyed hearing him rattle off a few lines . Hearing him speak did not dampen the mystique for me ; when I think of Harpo , I still hear him saying HONK!Other than the fun tidbits that go with this DVD , there is not much there . There are some quality Marx Brothers documentaries out there on the market , and I would pick one of those . One that is not readily available -LRB- to the best of my knowledge -RRB- is an early 1990s documentary on Groucho that aired on TV called `` The One , the Only ... Groucho ! '' That particular documentary is worth going WAY out of your way to find ; while it focuses primarily on Groucho , it also covers the lives and exploits other brothers warmly and with depth .
 A really shoddy piece of work . It 's just filled with poor qualtity trailers and some mildly interesting newsreel footage . -LRB- And even that 's in bad picture quality . -RRB- There are other better documentaries out there - avoid this or you 'll be sorry .
 This is one of those lame biography-type documentaries that Passport and other cheapie video companies put out . You know the type . Public domain footage , trailers , still photos , etc. . Except this one has one segment that will either thrill Marx Brothers fans or bore them . It 's an audio clip with Harpo 's actual voice ! Frankly , I was very excited to hear this piece . You may not feel the same . Either way , do yourself a favor
 I enjoyed some of the performances , particularly by Billie Burke and the Barrymores . The acting was superb in this movie -- I have no complaint about the acting ability of anyone in the cast , including the bit parts . May Robson as the cook , although she had only a small part , was very good , as were all of the leads.Some reviewers here indicate the story is tiring and I can not but agree . Practically every leading man in this film is either a philandering husband -LRB- who could not be faithful if he tried -RRB- or a tyrant and sometimes both . While the acting was good , this part of the storyline got really old , almost to the point of being too stereotypical . The burnt-out actor and actress roles were portrayed as such caricatures that it was hard for me as a viewer to relate to them.This movie reminds me of typical biography movies of the 90s and 2000s decades , where famous people are portrayed as having awful , sordid lives , despite their apparent fame and success . These kind of `` biographical '' movies where the famous person has an awful life all basically have the same plot and that is what makes them tedious . As a viewer , we are somehow supposed to relate to every man being an unfaithful husband and every wife as adoring her creepy husband . Although Jean Harlow does portray a disgruntled wife , her character is so out of place in this kind of `` rich and famous '' movie , the storyline trashes her as simply a low-class former chorus girl . After portrayals of too many negative roles , a viewer longs for some kind of respite from the downtrodden , negative story . Someone mentioned this movie is supposed to have some comedy in it , but I did not find anything comedic about this film . The attempted humor in some of the lines fell flat.I can not really get too excited about this film because the storyline was too negative in its outlook . The fine performances did not make up for the plodding storyline . I feel the storyline needed something more in order to give it a smidgen of entertainment value . Without this , it was just a travelogue about the downtrodden rich and famous and why we should not care about them . I could never sit through this movie a second time . It is not a classic by any means.For film buffs who enjoy `` rich and famous '' soap opera-type movies , I would recommend `` The Razor 's Edge '' with Gene Tierney , Tyrone Power , Anne Baxter , Clifton Webb and Herbert Marshall . That movie is much more interesting than `` Dinner at Eight '' is .
 I actually worked on this film -- painting the scenery . Mancini is the nicest guy alive , but this film was awful . It was embarrassing sitting through the preview with Mancini in attendance . Durning is over the top terrible and the acting and directing are poor . Even the trailer is bad . Sheesh ! What a dreadful script . The scenery looks great though -- LOL ! But seriously , skip it . It 's not even bad enough to be fun to watch . Just bad .
 Considering Andrea is Lou 's daughter she is giving a biased opinion . Considering who appeared in the movie , it was still lousy .
 The one star is for the pathetic transfer . Those are great movies that I have seen many times in Paris . This is the second set I am returning with the hope that I am going to get a set of DVDs that I can really watch without getting a headache from the fuzziness .
 It 's another bout of aliens chasing pinhead humans through some high-tech ultra-secret lab -LRB- if you ever caught `` X-Tro2 '' or `` Resident Evil '' you know what I 'm talking about -RRB- . The alien is actually a morphed human - a schmo scientist infected when he 's bitten by an alien specimen . Just to give you an idea of the flick 's many lapses in reason - the guy is experimenting on a nasty looking alien looking like a pair of jaws with a body wrapped around it . When he accidentally drives the creature into a rage , it bites him severely . Now the alien looks pretty dangerous , so the scientist uses a glove-box ... which proves nowhere near sufficient to keep him safe . -LRB- You call yourself a scientist ?! -RRB- . The flick starts off looking pretty scary because it sounds scary - heavy breathing makes you think that something is always about to pop-out . Eventually , the metamorphosis is complete , and the scientist turns into something huge and loud -LRB- but not so huge that it ca n't navigate the lab 's narrow hallways , or so loud that it wo n't warn away its prey -RRB- . Although this is a bio-chemical lab , there 's some nuclear proton thingee kept in a room big enough to let the alien thingee in . Also , despite the hazards involved , the sole support our heroes can rely on is a dim-witted security guard who 's armed with the world 's only nine-shot revolver . Weak FX , dumb lines -LRB- and not in the fun way -RRB- and dim characters make this a movie you want to fast-forward through - only to confront a dumb ending . Is it so hard to make a flick that 's funny or that can at least poke fun at itself in the `` Basket Case '' or `` Evil Dead '' mold .
 A collection of mostly public-domain snippets from Como 's TV shows . Lots of kinescopes , so the quality leaves much to be desired.While the quality of the clips can be excused , there is no excuse for what you get inside the DVD case
 Poor quality image and sound in this black and white presentation . Not the songs that Perry was famous for
 I hope that next time they use Perry 's hits .
 Como was GREAT but this DVD looks like it was taken from the worst quality clips in the qworld . . almost like someone wants to soil Como 's great image intentionally . . if you are a fan wait for a truly authorized product to come out !
 Terrible . . this is not worth the money . It is grainy and ugly . What a waste !!
 We never received this order . Carrier clames to have attempted to deliver -- once - we were home all day that day -- never tried to redeliver . Got no satisfaction with this problem .
 How about a compilation of Perry Como Christmas shows -LRB- in color -RRB- from the 60s . I 'm thinking of something like the Andy Williams christmas show compilation DVD , -LRB- which was excellent by the way -RRB- . What do you think folks ?
 I was very disappointed in this product . All the publisher did was add two stories to the preveous 4 pack . I annoyed me and left a bad taste in my mouth .
 First off , I have to say this is not a horrible film but there are many other football films out there that are waaaaay better . One I can easily name is Friday Night Lights . That one is an underrated classic . Second String , on the other hand , has so many sports cliches -LRB- the kicker with no confidence getting it back on Super Bowl , the tired run down player who wants to show he can win , the talented quarterback nobody gave a chance , the arrogant quarterback who does n't care about anyone , the ruthless coach who does n't believe in his player until the very last moment , the . . okay I think you all get the point -RRB- , that it practically ruins the whole flow of the film . Gil Bellows is fine but has no screen charisma . I think it would have been better for him to be cast as a coach and have Eads as the quarterback struggling to get his self-esteem back . Jon Voight looks like he 's played one too many control freak coaches -LRB- Varsity Blues anyone ? -RRB- and looks like he does n't want to be in the film half the time . Anyway , unless you 're a fan of one of the actors in the film -LRB- I love Eads that 's why I got it -RRB- this film may not last long in your DVD collection .
 The title of this movie perfectly describes the acting . Even The Little Giants had better actors than this , and those kids were only like 4 or 5 years old . Ok , so they were probably 12 ... that 's not the point . Second String tries to use those inspiring lines that all football movies have -LRB- you know , the ones meant to give you goose bumps -RRB- , but they do n't succeed at all . In fact , they fail with flying colors . When I first saw this movie , I decided that I 'd rather be the sunblock boy at a senior citizen 's nude beach than watch it again . Needless to say , I have n't seen it since .
 Bellows is supposed to be Doug Flutie?That 's who this movie was originallysupposed to be about . I hear Flutie-ball got a paycheck on this one too.They stole the money . Since it 's sortof about Douglas Richard Flutie , I ` llgive it a merciful ** out of fivesince amazon.com 's rating scale islamost as liberal as Hitlery Clinton !
 Careful here . This is an obscure music DVD , not what the picture shows . Mine will end up at Goodwill , unopened .
 This guy is a crook the picture is for the 60 's movie and the description is of what he sends you some collection of music videos .
 I bought this title hoping it would contain something , anything other than the show I watched after putting it in my player . Who ARE these people ? And why do I need to know every about single version of the Christmas Carol story , except for the good ones ? What is this ? Seriously ... what is it ? It 's not about Christmas , or how stars celebrate Christmas . It 's a bunch of crappy tv people , who were cancelled before we knew we would hate them , waving from toilet paper floats , and a whole lot of Christmas Carol trailers ... Somewhere Santa is crying .
 I very nearly tossed the disc , ala frisbee style after being unable to switch to Japanese audio . Only French or American dubs on the Blu-Ray . And the American dub is NOT good . There are a few good voice over roles , but the instant Ponyo starts talking , it 's like nails on a chalkboard . So I wanted to hear the original Japanese . Hum ... So I checked the box , and it listed Japanese audio for the 2nd disc . DVD . Not Blu-Ray . Hum ... So then I put that disc in . And found that I could not switch automatically to the Japanese . I had to go through several menus , then restart the film . Then skip manually to the chapter I wanted . Then the subtitles were off -LRB- knowing quite a bit of Japanese , this was obvious -RRB- , so luckily I was able to put the correct subtitles on -LRB- instead of captions -RRB- . A one star rating is kind of harsh , but I balanced the rating out to two stars . It really deserves one star because : YOU CAN NOT WATCH PONYO ON BLU-RAY WITH THE ORIGINAL JAPANESE AUDIO !!!! So that makes getting the Blu-Ray version of Ponyo a huge mistake for purists or true foreign film aficionados . The other reason that I gave a one star rating is that the film is n't good enough to warrant raising the star rating . I would give the film 3 stars normally if not for the huge slap in the face to those of us wanting Blu-Ray quality with the lossless Japanese audio . Being a huge fan of Miyazaki , I can see that perhaps his creativity began running in a different direction in the end . This was his last directed film , and though it was a decent film , even the newer Ghibli film Arietty -LRB- written by Miyazaki but not directed by -RRB- was much better . It 's not a bad film , just Miyazaki 's weakest link . Compared to his other masterpieces
 I thought long and hard before giving the film this score , but there are simply too many things that make Ponyo not work for me . This latest animated movie from Myazaki , who needs no introductions , had the intriguing premise of the sea . He spoke of the sea being a character in itself . I was intrigued to see the movie . I knew it had two children as the frontline , but being a fan of My Neighbour Totoro , I knew that Myazaki has an unreal insight into the mindset of children.The very first scene of Ponyo is breathtaking . Hundreds of fishes and jellyfish accompanied by breathtaking , oceanic music , finally zooming in on a man in a pinstriped suit , creating a bubble around his ship . We later find out that he is the father of one of the main characters , the fish girl Ponyo who wants to become human after befriending Sotsuke , a 5-year old boy living in a house by the sea . She is able to do this with a mixture of her father 's magic -LRB- which she 's inherited -RRB- and Sotsuke 's blood -LRB- a drop of which she licked when he cut himself -RRB- . The problem with Ponyo is the vagueness of the story . There is practically no sense of conflict to the story at all . There is no substantial threat to the characters , and they have very little development . That the characters are so young should n't justify this , if we remember Mei in My Neighbour Totoro . Also , Ponyo 's father is so at odds with practically everything in the movie 's universe , it 's hilarious and off-putting at the same time . Ponyo herself is , personally , creepy rather than cute -LRB- and her numerous little siblings are no different -RRB- . I do n't understand how nobody finds it peculiar that Ponyo , supposedly a goldfish , has a humanoid face -LRB- and Sotsuke shows her to quite a few people -RRB- . It 's even weirder when Lisa -LRB- Sotsuke 's mother , whom he oddly always refers to by name -RRB- , an intelligent woman , sees Ponyo eat a slice of ham in whole -LRB- as a goldfish -RRB- and is n't at all surprised about it . The only really developed character , and the warmest , is the grumpy old woman at the retirement home where Lisa works.What Ponyo lacks in substance , it makes up for in visuals . The movie 's highlight in my opinion is where Lisa and Sotsuke are driving down a road continually drenched in waves , on top of which Ponyo is running . These waves take on the form of giant fish . A wonderful piece of animation . The many underwater scenes are beautiful , with underwater creatures big and small swimming . Something about the overall production values of the visuals feel a bit unfocused , though . The morse code scene is then hilarious.On the whole , however , Ponyo feels like a lot of elements that just do n't work together . Sotsuke faces no real trials like other young Myazaki protagonists have faced . None of the characters feel like they serve any real purpose other than to bring Sotsuke and Ponyo together . The film 's subplot of Ponyo 's magic causing a rift in the natural order and causing the moon to come closer -LRB- which explains the flood -RRB- is never sufficiently delivered to the audience.I was simply expecting a better delivery from a master storyteller like Myazaki . Ponyo may only really work for the smallest children , but that 's excluding a large part of Myazaki 's fanbase . He 's one of those filmmakers whom I respect for continually showing people that animated movies can be for people of all ages . Ponyo obviously aims at a lower age group , but I just hope that the children will be more drawn into Sotsuke and Ponyo 's story than I was -LRB- there is so much courteous and/or cute dialogue that I felt downright embarrassed at points -RRB- . Decent , but definitely not the brightest spot in Myazaki 's repertoire .
 Miyazaki just can not hold a story together . He has ideas spewing out his fontanelle but it 's rare that he can corral them all into a satisfying story arc . In the past I 've put this down to a culture clash . But even that does n't save this movie . It feels like it was adapted from a book - a very long book which Miyazaki is just hitting the highlights of . Who are these magical folk ? How and why ? Where ? If you feel like you need answers to these and many other questions , just keep moving . Problem is , you ca n't just let the wonder of the animation flow over you because the closer to the end it gets , when everything should be coming to a crescendo , Miyazaki starts to stick in pointless static scenes . If you 're hoping for an ending that matches the frenzy of the middle , well , too bad . There 's some good animation of prehistoric Devonian fish swimming placidly - there 's some elderly ladies who can run - that 's about all I can do for you.Okay , M said it 's a movie for the kids -LRB- I guess -RRB- . But this sells kids way short . They can follow the arc of the little mermaid , why should n't they expect a compelling reason for the happenings here ? I imagine that anybody old enough to match subject and verb could summon up the confusion to ask why the moon was coming closer to earth.You get the feeling that there 's going to be a grand `` test '' for the little boy - oh man , here it comes ... Then the movie 's over . Turns out < SPOILER > the test is simply will five year old boy promise to love the little fish girl no matter what -LRB- which , BTW , he has done nothing-but for the whole stinking movie -RRB- . I mean , really ... come on ! Did he just take marriage vows or ... ? I hope Ponyo does n't turn into a nag or little boy is going to have a 300 foot sea goddess with serious hair extensions out to open a can of whoop tuna on his little bohiney . I guess being a goddess does n't help you see that the whole thing is just a summer fling and they 'll both meet cuter people in 1st grade . Sad really.So I 'm being harder than I should be on what was , for 2/3 of its length , a fairly magical movie with many wonderful moments . But I 'm tired of everybody giving Miyazaki a pass on story . If George Lucas had put together such a confused narrative every Starlog website would be alight with raped childhoods . Ironically , this is a movie that DEMANDS a prequel to explain how any of it actually happened . Plus we 'd get more of that hot 300 foot redhead sea goddess.P.S . Wonderful Japanimation People - it is okay to wander away from the standard anime character models that were tired by the time of Speed Racer . Please do so . And FYI , nobody 's mouth gets that big !
 I 'm actually shocked at how much I did NOT like this movie , a rare feeling for an undeniably gentle children 's film . I know the director is supposed to be a `` genuis , '' but it made me wonder if that 's simply what people say when they do n't get something . As in , ` Oh , it makes no sense , it must be art ! ' Either that or they 're smoking something . -LRB- You know , like the reason college kids -- back when I was in college , anyway -- think Spongebob is a hysterical commentary on the geopolitical , socioeconomic , worldwide class war ? -RRB- While I 'm sure this makes me an unimaginative , soulless Troglodyte , I could not get past the fact that this is a nonsensical , flat-out weird movie . The little `` plot '' it has reveals more questions than answers . I 'd warn that the following , run-on paragraph contains spoilers , but how can you `` spoil '' a storyline that does n't exist?How / why did Ponyo 's dad turn from human to an underwater cross between Cher and Steven Tyler ? Did he want to destroy the world or save it , because his own dialog offers conflicting story lines ? Loathe humans or love them ? Was he good or evil ? Did he and the usually invisible , shape and size-changing mermaid-princess-mother love each other or hate each other ? And if she was so good , why did she abandon her kids twice ? First to the Wizard of Weird and then Sosuke 's mom ? Why was Ponyo so much bigger than her `` sisters '' ? Why the heck was the extended dialogue -- the wizard-father 's longest stretch of speech -- about `` fixing the door '' even IN this movie ? Why would anyone want to live in a little boy 's green bucket ? How is that different than living in a bubble ? -LRB- Are n't both metaphors for containment and oppression ? -RRB- And who lets their five-year-old decide where they reside anyway ? My four-year-old ca n't even unequivocally give me an answer about what he wants for lunch ! Had the person , or persons , who wrote this ever MET a five-year-old ? Is the message supposed to be that I 'm squelching the spirit of my preschooler by preventing him from leaving home prior to kindergarden ? Why did n't anyone find it odd that the `` goldfish '' had a human face , other than one old woman ? Who decided it was a good idea to line the elderly up in front of a plate glass window during a major storm ? WTF with the ham ? Was it written during a Japanese pork shortage ? Was the author having lunch at the time ? Why was n't Sosuke carted off by the Japanese equivalent of Child Protective Services since his mother drove like a nutter , got drunk and passed out while she badmouthed his father , plowed through police protection to risk his life in a storm -LRB- in order to what , serve Raman noodles ? -RRB- and then left both Ponyo and someone else 's unclaimed child alone during a natural disaster ? Why would this supermom take in a random child found on a road during a life-threatening storm and never make a single attempt to find that child 's family and at least let them know she was safe ? Why did the people that saw the two kids on the boat let a couple of floating five-year-olds sail off on their own like it was no big deal ? And what was with the breast milk discussion ? Seriously , the storm was just the night before , they were starving to death after eight hours ? What was up with the moon ? Mentioned/shown twice and blamed for everything in a seemingly random manner . Oh , of course , the moon is now two feet from the ocean . Would n't someone , anyone , you know , notice that ? And the prehistoric sea creatures ? And Sosuke 's father 's boat ? And all the other wrecked ships the mermaid princess did n't save ? And how the movie turned into `` Cocoon '' for about five minutes with the old people jumping out of their wheelchairs ? And the whole point was all about true love ? At five ? Do they get raised as brother and sister and then marry ? Umm , gross ! Or is it supposed to be sibling love ? And should n't the `` love of your life '' at age five be your parents ? Would n't leaving your entire family to live with a random kid who put you in a bucket be the opposite of `` true love '' in any childhood sense ? No matter what kind of love it is , a `` test '' of that love is kissing a bubble to save the world ? After the two had said nothing but `` I love you '' -LRB- and `` ham '' -RRB- throughout the movie ? Talk about anti-climactic ! And all the stories about Tsunamis in Japan ? Not so charming right about now.As someone who has been to Japan multiple times and actually know , quite well , several Japanese citizens living here but raised fully in their homeland , I do n't believe that cultural differences -LRB- like the semi-self-loathing style of making all the Japanese characters look , well , non-Japanese -RRB- explain the complete disconnect from reality , common sense , or even just entertainment , this film had . I kept waiting for it all to come together and make SOME sense , but literally left thinking I wanted to throw something at the movie screen . I 've read Mad Libs with a more cohesive , and compelling , storyline.The movie packaging claimed this was `` based on '' the Hans Christian Anderson `` Little Mermaid '' fairytale , but it could just as conceivably be based on a random Stephen King novel , Harry Potter , `` Jaws '' or the teachings of L. Ron Hubbard . You could say it 's a metaphor for this , an allegory of that or a symbol for something else ... You could say it stands for pretty much anything you want , since it 's such a big ole ' mess of nonsense.As for the beauty of the colors and anime and all that ... It 's a movie , not a painting . It needs to have a story.If I 'd watched the credits asking myself only 1 , or 5 or even 15 of the questions enumerated above -LRB- in an intentionally annoying style , I might add , to reflect my feelings about the film -RRB- , I probably would n't have had a quite so visceral negative reaction . Instead , it was two of the longest hours of my life ... Oh and , not even my four-year-old enjoyed it .
 I purchased the DVD video Ponyo and when I tried to play it I found that it is not `` region compatible . '' Apparently when a DVD is purchased from another country -LRB- I purchased it through Amazon -RRB- there are compatibility issues and will not play on USA players . I did n't realize that it was being shipped from England .
 This is the first film in quite a few years that I have so thoroughly disliked . Many admirers claim `` it 's hand-drawn , not the cold , heartless work of computers ! '' or `` the symbolism is so important and you obviously do n't get it , '' or `` Miyazaki 's a master ! '' or `` you need to attend to what 's not being said as much as what IS being said . '' I still say any film that has a father-figure dressed like a bad drag combo of Ann-Margaret and Cher , any film that has a mother ignore warnings and outrace a flood in her crappy car and then LEAVE her very young child alone -LRB- with a strange fish ! -RRB- in said flood in order to check on a bunch of old folks who are in an institution miles away with other guardians , any film that allows 5-year-olds to determine their destinies in love , and any film that so clearly wimps out at its climax is hooey . Enjoy the magic ! Revel in childhood innocence ! Accept the unacceptable ! Yep , heard and read it all before . Ponyo 's annoying and endless repetition of `` Sosuke '' and `` ham '' is grating -LRB- not cute -RRB- , and the ecological message is heavy-handed . Miyazaki is more interested in emotions than conflict ; yet , without conflict , emotional impact is lost . Again , I 'm supposed to believe that this boy and fish are drawn -LRB- pun intended -RRB- together ? Are fated soul-mates ? Kids , get back to me in 20 years and let 's see how you 're doing . Yes , I hear the collective intake of great indignation , but for me , this was an exercise in tedium and sappiness .
 Ponyo is very weird and sorta creepy.Because1 -RRB- Ponyo father looked like a woman , but still a man at the same time -LRB- me and my brother watched this movie together and we was debating if he was a man or woman -RRB- .2 -RRB- The fate of the whole world depends on a five year old boy loving a fish girl , are you kidding me ? 3 -RRB- Five year olds loving each other , personally i think its kinda wrong , because are they too young to know what love is or not .4 -RRB- The boy 's mom is okay with this?So Ponyo was plain weird .
 Poorly written and not altogether easy to follow . Would not recommend this to anyone who has enjoyed others before .
 I cant figure this out . It seems to me that Disney is selling people special fetures in hi def and then the movie on a regular dvd . Is this correct ?? If so , it seems underhanded .
 Ponyo is not a great and perfect film by any means . I love Miyazaki 's works but this one is not quite on target . But I still will buy it because it does have charming Miyazaki touches , and the characters are drawn from faces we love from Totoro and all of Miyazaki 's films . What I find especially objectionable is Disney 's marketing ploy
 Wow , I am going to be hated for this . This is my first ever unfavorable opinion of a Miyazaki film , and it saddens me greatly that I did not enjoy it . But I honestly did not enjoy `` Ponyo '' . The artwork and animation are both great , so I give it 2 stars for that . But ... I did n't like any of the characters very much . Miyazaki 's usually rich character development seems missing here . Maybe this _ was _ meant for 5-year olds , I dunno , but I just could n't make much sense of hardly anything in the movie . It jumped around from one place to the other and I just could n't come to care about any of the characters very much . The slight plot did n't do a whole lot for me , and I 'm growing ever more tired of `` ecological messages '' , especially when voiced by known Hollywood Liberals , and wrapped in dealings with Moon/Sea/Whatever gods/goddesses . I thought that Ponyo 's father was just creepy , and his mumblings did little to explain anything , and at times just seemed forced to provide enough convenient narration to keep things moving . So much of `` Ponyo '' just feels like it needs a lot more fleshing out . Her mother was left just too much of a mystery for me as well.Sosuke 's parents are likewise cyphers . His mother 's driving was insane , and his Dad is more or less a vapor on the sea.So much is just rushed along . The fate of the world depends on the love of a young boy for a fish/girl/goddess ??? Hrmmm ... So what happens to the moon & other disastrous things approaching , why do the old ladies feel better , what 's going on ... ??? I do n't mean to hurt anyone 's feelings or take a child 's movie too seriously , I just want to express that though I consider myself a huge Miyazaki fan , I was disappointed with this one . It 's just nowhere near the level of `` Totoro '' or `` Spirited Away '' or `` Princess Mononoke '' , to me.And I wondered if it was just too `` Japanese '' for me , so I asked a Japanese friend , who had told me before I watched it that she had n't liked it , if I was just `` not getting '' it . She told me that she had n't understood a lot of it either , did n't like the movie , and thought it was a big mess , so I do n't think I have this opinion just because I 'm a big dumb American . But that 's a sample size of only 2 . Well , anyway , this is just my personal opinion of one movie by an otherwise superb director and animator . I hope that others continue to enjoy `` Ponyo '' , but I do n't think it should be blindly accepted as terrific just because it 's `` a Miyazaki '' . If I was 5 again , maybe I 'd love it : -RRB-
 I am a huge fan of all things Ghibli . I do not like this . Disney ruined this film . The bonus-jonas and Cyrus hand-me-down cheapened the whimsical and mystical qualities of this film . The theme song , alone , should have been a dead giveaway . An auto-tuned fanservice ? Really , Disney ? What part of a small demigod 's quest to be united with a small boy -- and ham -- told you that you should make an auto-tuned pop song ? Ridiculous . This film could have been good , or at least less campy . If the English scriptwriters had n't botched the plot , and if the voice-casters were less interested in loading a DVD BLURAY case up with familiar -LRB- and overrated , overdramatized -RRB- disney pop star names , and were more invested in conveying the magic of studio ghibli -- a formula and institution which has proven itself true over the years -- then I would be rating this higher , instead of posting what I 'm sure will be a very ill-received review .
 First , I am more than a little shocked that the story , set in Japan , with Japanese characters look ... Caucasian . Which continues to baffle me , except that Disney got a hold of a good story , and did n't think Americans might like to see people who do n't look like them . Next gripe ? Mom and Dad using their child as a go-between ; Mom using her child to comfort HER ; Mom getting drunk and passing out ; Mom 's driving ... even my two year old who knows not much about cars started yelling `` UH OH !! '' and pointing.It 's a kid 's movie , so the story is a bit light weight . This might bother me more if the other grievances were n't so many .
 HAM !!! Studio Ghibli does it again ! They 've coupled fantastic , mind-bending art to a bizarre , possibly LSD trip-inspired , story . The dialogue in the film is awkward , the characters are mentally unbalanced , and the brief discussion on babies and breast feeding after the big flood scene is , well , weird ! I especially do n't buy the scene where the two main super cute little kid characters recite from memory the scientific names of ancient sea creatures with the rapidity one would only expect from a seasoned paleoichthyologist . If you are determined to watch Ponyo , watch it for the art.I hope Studio Ghibli finds out what chemicals are affecting their script writers .
 This movie was pretty scary , my daughter did not want to finish it , -LRB- she is seven -RRB- , and I agreed with her . I never felt the burning desire to know how it ended , so never watched it again .
 I am a huge Anime fan . I love all of Miyazaki 's works up until this film . I am qualifying the review with those statements because their are a lot of anime fans who dislike his work for various reasons and I am not one of them . As A Miyazaki fan this was movie was very disappointing to me . Normally there is a very strong story driving his amazing art that make it all fit together in a way that grasps you and pulls you in , with Ponyo this is not the case . The entire time I watched this film I found myself wondering if this was really a Miyazaki film . It looked like one and thanks again to the master Joe Hisashi but id did n't feel like one of his films . None of the characters were particularly likable or dislikable for that matter they were just simply there . The attempts at cuteness wroked for about the first 20 minutes after that it just took time away from what could have been used for a better story or more characters development . The only reason this is a two star review as opposed to one is because of the great soundtrack and amazing visuals . All in all the movie while nice to look at for a short period of time ended up being just plain boring with a weak story and even weaker characters and character development . If you must see this movie please rent it first , if you like it more power to you . I would not suggest this as a buy though for fans of Miyazakei or Anime in general without watching to see if it fits your tastes first .
 Earlier today I ordered this Blu-ray . I made the mistake of not checking if the Japanese track was in a lossless format . There was no information about this on this site . The scanned picture of the back cover is n't very good so it is n't easy to ascertain if the Japanese track was lossy of lossless . I went to -LSB- ... -RSB- and noticed there that the Japanese track is , in fact , only the lossy Dolby Digital . Since amazon is now shipping my item I can not cancel the order , but I want to warn other people about this . I am sure that the picture quality is great and being a great Miyazaki fan I am sure that the movie is equally great.Being a great Miyazaki fan I always listen to the original language track , NEVER the dubbed track . I did try and listen to the dubbed track of Kiki 's Delivery Service at one time and it was horrid . Changing the music to fit the English language is truly dreadful . I have also discovered on other dubs of Japanese anime that quite often important plot points are distorted or directly incorrect . I have all the other Miyazaki films on DVD and I never listen to the dubbed track . Listening to the Japanese track has it 's charms since everything about the movie and the way everything and everyone work to make movie great make sense when listening to the original track . That goes for everything , not just Miyazaki 's movies or anime in general.So if you are a Japanese anime fan and are used to listening to the original track be aware that the Japanese track is in Dolby Digital and not DTS-HD Master Audio . Only the English dub is in DTS-HD Master Audio . I must also say that I am extremely disappointed that Disney made this gigantic mistake when making the Blu-ray . I can only hope that wo n't do the same mistake when issuing the other Miyazaki movies on Blu-ray . Learn from Pioneer when they issued a truly magnificent release of Akira !
 I am a big fan of anime , and I consider Hayao Miyazaki to be a genius . That is why it pains me to not rate this film higher . I did n't really like the characters or care about the story that much . I guess it is because the story was geared for a younger audience . But Spirited Away was made for a younger audience , and I thought it was fantastic it is one of my all time favorites . And I do n't know if it is because he is getting older , but the animation did n't look as sharp as say Howl 's Moving Castle , or Kiki 's Delivery Service which are all fantastic films by the way . Once again let me say I am the biggest fan of Hayao Miyazaki , and I would highly recommend any of his other films just not this one .
 I am a fan of Miyazaki 's films and was unhappy with this recent release . Yes , it 's for a younger age group , but kids are pretty sharp and I felt that the movie was dumbed down unnecessarily . The visuals are fantastic , but the story plods along , and after a while I was just waiting for it to be over . I never felt any connection to the characters and just plain did n't care what happened to them , which to me means the movie missed its mark . Also , some things happened that seemed totally nonsensical -- for example , the mother drives with her son through flooding streets and a dangerous storm rather than follow the official 's advice to evacuate . Why put your son in danger like that ? Other things happened and I felt that there was no explanation given for them , leaving the story feeling choppy . I would n't bother to watch this movie ; I felt that it skated on the reputation of an admired artist and did n't deserve the credit it received .
 FIrst off I half to say I love the story of the little mermaid . I also really love director of this movie . But I really did n't care for the story line . I was hoping for a little more adventure like in Howl 's moving castle.The animation is beautiful and outstanding .
 It 's supposed to be family fun . But it 's obvious that the kids are much older than they 're supposed to be . And it 's not funny to see women portrayed as successful at everything
 This movie was as funny as changing an old person 's diaper ! I love Eddie Murphy , but I did n't find this movie to be very funny . If you want to see Eddie Murphy at his best , see Delirious ! This one stunk .
 I saw the previews for this movie and thought it would be a funny movie to see . I work with high school special needs students and we decided to take them to the movie on a field trip . Pretty much , as far as I 'm concerned , the funny parts were shown in the previews . The kids were cute , the concept was kinda funny and the only stand out , in my opinion , was Angelica Houston , as the evil competitor out to destroy the upstart day care . Steve Zahn , who I think is very funny , was wasted and the all-to-abundant burping and farting jokes only go so far . Its a harmless film you can take your kids to see and they 'll laugh at some of the low brow humor . But do n't expect to be entertained yourself . Do n't waste your time with this one .
 `` Daddy Day Care '' is a one-joke comedy that wears out its welcome in almost world record time . The cookie-cutter premise involves Eddie Murphy and Jeff Garlin as two recently laid-off fathers who decide to open up a day care center in their neighborhood.Once the setup has been established , the filmmakers shift into automatic pilot mode for the 92 achingly boring minutes it takes for them to spin out their story . The plot consists of little more than endless variations on a single theme
 I really thought that this was going to be a funny film judging from the previews . But , sadly the trailers contain the funniest parts of Daddy Day Care . Eddie Murphy sleepwalks through this mess , cracking an occasional joke here or there but this is by no means vintage Murphy . The character development is slim to none and we hardly get to know lest care about any of the children or adults involved in the film . Eddie Murphy must blindly throw darts at scripts and take roles because he could not have read this thing and actually been excited about it . Daddy Day Care is a great premise ruined by a horrible script and lack of enthusiasm by it 's main players . Not Recommended .
 To be honest I still had some respect left for Eddie Murphy before this . He just seemed to have lost his way in the 21st century . But nothing will ever make forgive this . He 's just went all ` kiddie ' in recent years . And it 's sick.In the 80 's Murphy gave us strong African-American characters like Reggie Hammond , Billy Ray Valentine , Axel Foley and Prince Akeem . But that was a long time ago . And it 's a shame to see him trade a hard edge for movies like this.It 's so sugary it is literally sickening . It 's about as subtle as a brick in the face too . Annoying kids who are obviously reading phonetically off oversized cue-cards held off camera , David Newman 's worse than generic ` family movie ' score , clockwork predictability and toilet humor -LRB- how many more family movies are going to milk fart sounds for all their worth ? -RRB- are all you can expect from this film.Staring directly into the sun is not as painful on the eyes as this .
 This was one of the worst movies of the last decade . I do n't know how such an inane idea came up at a meeting of movie executives , but apparently they thought it would be a great idea.Eddie Murphy 's character loses his job and starts a day care with buddies . They all run around and laugh and make cookies . Heartwarming . But oooooh , there 's a scary villian - someone who wants to educate children ! Oh no !! The head of a world-class school is made out to be a villain and a `` witch '' for daring to educate the children in her school , then villified again for reporting the bad conditions of Daddy Day Care . They were not up to the state regulations , but to report these fun-loving people was just too wrong , apparently.So the apparent moral is that you should not learn , and that it is wrong to teach children . The ones who did not want to `` shove knowledge down these kids ' throats '' -LRB- an actual quote from Eddie Murphy 's character -RRB- ended up with a thriving business of crappy , ignorant children . The woman who had worked hard at teaching five languages to the children at her school lost her business and her livelihood and was forced to become a crossing guard . It serves her right !
 A DVD collection contains movies worth watching over and over again . Daddy Day Care is n't a movie worthy of being found in a collection of DVDs . If I were a critic , I would give this movie two stars only because of it 's originality and because it contains developed characters , conflict and resolution . Otherwise , I found that the story line was dragged out and that it should have contained more humor and better actors.At the beginning of the story , Charlie -LRB- Eddie Murphy -RRB- , and his wife -LRB- Regina King -RRB- take a tour of and enroll their son , Ben -LRB- Jonathan Katz -RRB- , at Chapmen Academy Preschool , a strict private school for young children . Charlie is a marketer for a new brand of cereal , Veggie O 's , targeted to kids . His wife finished law school just before their son was born and , after raising him for a few years , is now going to pursue a career as a lawyer . Charlie 's cereal fails . He and his partner , Phil -LRB- Jeff Garlin -RRB- , lose their job . After he and his wife look for a cheaper alternative to Chapmen Academy Preschool , they realize there are no decent alternatives . Charlie , then , comes up with the idea of Daddy Day Care . Charlie , Phil and later Marvin -LRB- Steve Zahn -RRB- run a daycare out of Charlie 's home . At the beginning of their business , the children are out of control and they provide no structure for them . But , since it is a fun place for kids to go , more parents enroll their kids . Conflict arises between Chapmen and Daddy Day Care when Chapmen loses enrollments to Daddy Day Care . Chapmen sends Child Protection Agencies back and forth to make sure regulations are carried out , in hopes that they would be shut down . Chapman 's attempts to shut Daddy Day Care down fail . At the end , Daddy Day care uses the money made , at the fund-raiser they held , towards a building for the business.The plot is the most important part of the movie . The idea of the story was good but the plot began to drag in the middle . The repetition of arguments in the conflict faded my interest . There was n't much humor to keep my attention . The only part that made me laugh out loud was when the little girls put makeup on Phil and he did n't know it until he saw himself in a mirror after he opened the door to the regulations agent . The best part was the end , during the fund-raiser . Kids might like this movie because there are kids in it . But , I do n't think very many kids will even find this movie funny.Actors can make or break a movie . Eddie Murphy was the only well known actor in this movie . I did n't recognize any of the other actors . Eddie Murphy is a good actor in comedy movies but he needed another good actor to support him and strengthen the humor . Jeff Garlin did fairly well but the movie would have been funnier with Eddie Murphy and Jim Carey running the day care.I was disappointed after watching this movie because I really wanted to see it . I work at a daycare and I love children . I begged my boyfriend to watch it with me and then I fell asleep on him trying to watch it . Daddy Day Care is definitely not a movie I would watch over and over . You would n't find it in my DVD collection .
 I believe this is the first time that I 'm truly disappointed with a comedy film starring Eddie Murphy . The thing is , his character is completely bland throughout the movie . No , he 's definitely NOT his typical outrageously goofy self like in , for example , the Nutty Professor - for Daddy Day Care , he completely abandons his goofy personality and focuses on being a normal father trying to take care of a bunch of children.The storyline is , as you can probably guess , about Eddie 's character having to start up a day care center for the neighborhood children . Occasionally the biggest day care competition in town will stick their nose in Eddie 's business and try to shut down his semi-illegal operation -LRB- usually involving a stuck up overdressed snotty woman making an appearance -RRB- but the thing is , it 's never treated like a serious threat . It just feels like a normal day on the playground . There 's never anything * compelling * to grab the viewers.Daddy Day Care misses the mark the ENTIRE time . The storyline is bland , the laughs are completely missing , and Eddie 's character is downright boring.The only possible examples of funniness are found in the goofy things the kids are doing -LRB- such as one of them running around dressed up as a superhero , another one playing with a TV remote , and for the most part , kids running around acting like typical kids -RRB- . The problem is that there 's nothing of interest going on while we 're being forced to watch said children run around the house screaming and misbehaving . The only positive quality I can find about these segments is that it 's somewhat cute and adorable.I really do n't get the appeal of this one , unless you 're someone who believes children are so adorable that featuring kids * alone * can save a comedy , and there 's no need for any kind of interesting storyline or a need to laugh at anything else . Me however , I was very disappointed . I expected a LOT more out of Eddie Murphy seeing as how he 's responsible for some of the funniest films I 've ever seen .
 Daddy Daycare is a fluffy vehicle for Edie Murphy and his new hairstyle -LRB- so weird , it looks like Batman 's cowl -RRB- . It is so light the whole edifice is made of cotton candy . It punches all the right buttons
 Take in mind when you read my review that I 'm a high schooler , and not a little kid . I mean , I 'm sure that little kids love this movie but it was too babyish and stupid to me . But , I guess it was cute and interesting and a little funny . The movie 's simply about a dad that puts up a daycare center ... in his house . So in the daycare , there 's his little kid and many other little kids . The movie has some really cute little children and a good cast , but . . Well , the movie just did n't do it for me . The people that say this is hilarious . . well ... I guess they did n't see Office Space or the Farrelly brothers ' movies . This is n't what I call funny . Maybe it 's funny for little kids when a little kid kicks Eddie Murphy in his leg but that 's not what I call funny . So , I hope I made my point that this movie was too babyish to me and not that funny and kind of boring but I guess kids will like it a lot.Oh , and the only funny thing was `` i missed '' which a kid says after going to the toilet . A great look on Murphy 's face and great music . But besides that . . well let 's just say it was cute .
 This movie is full of non-stop laughs . Its great family fun . Just kidding . This movie has no laughs at all . The only funny things were when Eddie Murphy 's kid bumped his head on that door and what Dylans face looked like after he got that dollar . DONT WASTE YO MONEY ON THIS MOVIE . Wait till it comes out on cable . Then if you like this movie you can record it .
 I have to admit dat Eddie Murphy has had some stinkers before but dis movie takes da cake . Da only thing that made this movie worth seeing was Eddie Murphy 's kid . Other than dat dis movie was crap man . Its full of cheap laughs . Except u aint even laughen . Ur more like crying . Eddie Murphy used to be like my idle . But like now hes like not havin good movies . I dont think dat u should consider watchin dis movie.Wait til its on tv . And if u like it then u can record it . I think dat instead of buyin dis movie u should buy Happy Gilmore or Billy Madison .
 Eddie Murphy use to really bring it at the Movies but that seems so long ago.this film has some funny moments in spots but been there & done that already.the kids are really the carrying point of this film .
 Daddy Day Care seems like the perfect kids comedy . Do n't get me worng , it is . But the daddies might snooze off during it . When a father gets fired from his job , he starts a day care center for kids . Eddie Murphy does n't look happy doing this little kiddy-joke comedy , but his acting is still grade-A . All the good jokes are given away on the commercial . The movie still ai n't bad , for a kid flick . Each child in the movie you get to know better and better and every character as his/her own funny joke . The movie keeps kids awake , but age 20 and up might find it boring . Daddy Day Care is 90 minutes , just enough to cram all the jokes and punchlines into . The ending is happy , the characters are happy and the movie itself seems happy . Bottom Line
 Get a job and you `` Actors '' need to get a new job too .
 Memebers of my family were having a bad day and decided we needed a pick me up movie to try to brighten things up , so we picked up Eddie Murphy 's Daddy Day Care , thinking a movie with one of the greatest standup comics of all time combined with kiddie hijinks might be our savior . How wrong I was.First , the movie is 90 minutes of non-stop non-laughs . Every cliche -LRB- the missing Tarantula which ends up crawling on Jeff Garlin 's head , Anjelica Huston 's evil dictator role at the rival day care center -RRB- has been done before and been done better . The kids are n't likeable either , except for the young man who plays Eddie 's son , who 's only likeable because he hardly talks.I 'm not kidding , not one of the four of us watching the movie laughed once during the entire viewing , and we did get through it , although there was talk of shutting it off.Someone I know says that Eddie went from the edgy characters such as Axel Foley and Reggie Hammond to these cream-puff roles because he wanted movies his own kids could watch . But I think if the Murphy children had their choice , they 'd pick `` 48 Hours '' over `` Daddy Day Care '' .
 This movie was horrible . I wached it because Anjelica Huston was in it -LRB- keep in mind that my favorite author is Isaac Singer and I want to see Prizzi 's Honor . Not your avrage 10 year old . -RRB- . Do n't waist your time on it ; wach Mr. North or Manhatten Murder Mystery instead . - An Anjelica Huston Fan
 ... but I jus ' could n't kid myself . Eddie Murphy is my favorite comedian hands down an ' although his work has become significantly tamer an ' less appealing to us old school fans in recent years , I still tend to enjoy any movie he 's in jus ' based on his charisma an ' prescence . But , maaaan , is this movie awful . Before even seeing it , I had a bad feeling that this was goin ' to be one'a his lamest movies yet . An ' guess what ? I was right . In fact , I was dead-on . Even looked at as a typical cutesy lil ' kiddie movie where the toddlers kick people in the shin , burp , an ' say disgustingly adorable things , this is jus ' NOT FUNNY . Steve Zahn was the only actor that breathed any sort ' a life into his scenes an ' is the only reason I gave the movie two stars . In fact , the ONE truly hilarious exchange in the movie is when Steve 's character is smitten with one'a the kids ' mothers an ' is sayin ' all the wrong things -LRB- `` I 'm your daddy -- I mean , no , I 'm not your daddy . I 'm your baby 's daddy -- I mean , no -- '' -RRB- . Eddie is completely wasted here , an ' the only time I found myself laughing at him was when he an ' Jeff Garlin were in the broccoli an ' carrot outfits respectively an ' having a mock wrestling match for the children . An ' even that laugh was a lil ' struggled . I 'm not tryi n'ta put anybody down here , but I do n't even see how dedicated fans ' a Eddie could get even a chuckle outta this.If you want to see sumpin ' funny an ' more adult-oriented from Eddie Murphy , then check out his stand-up material an ' any'a his classic '80s movies . If you lookin ` fa sumpin ' from Eddie 's recent years , then check out ` Life ' or even last year 's ' I Spy ' . Those joints are hilarious in my opinion . But skip this mess ; is ' an embarrassment to Eddie 's career an ' I hope jus ' 'cause it made good box-office receipts he does n't stick to this kinda material . He 's way too talented for this bullcrap .
 It would not play on DVD players in the USA . In the details it stated that it was for Region 2 but we had no idea what Region 2 meant . This was also way below where the click to buy was . It should have been listed right under the title that it would only play in the UK and IRL . Very misleading .
 Do not believe -LSB- Remastered Edition -RSB- . Image quality is poor as same as one of `` 100 Movie Pack Sci-Fi '' .
 Hey , if it has shots of giant radar telescopes tuning in to the celestial symphony of outer space , the movie has to be good , right ? Even if it features a dude wearing a colander on his head ? Uh , I think not . Despite its great title , They Came From Beyond Space does n't exactly impress . It starts OK , but once you spend what seems like an hour watching a guy try to sneak his way onto a farm , a lot of the magic is lost . I did like the main character , though . First of all , having a metal plate in your head is just plain cool - that 's a well-established fact -LRB- driving around in a convertible roadster , sans seatbelt , is even cooler -- especially when that plate in your head came courtesy of an earlier automobile accident -RRB- . Second of all , Dr. Curtis Temple is n't your average namby-pamby scientist ; he 's no Captain Kirk -LRB- although he does do a mean Kirk imitation whenever he 's told to pretend that he just got zapped by some kind of subsonic gun -RRB- , but he can hold his own in a fight , even when his opponent keeps smashing him plate-in-head-first into posts . He does need some serious work on his spying and stealth skills , however . Fortunately for him , most of the bad guys are just plain dumb most of the time.Let me take you back to the glory days of yester-year , back before weightlessness in space was even invented , when all you needed for a spaceship control room was some dials , a machine that goes ping , and miscellaneous whatsits , and where proto-MacGyvers could reverse engineer super-advanced alien technology in a matter of hours . Into this halcyon world a meteorite falls - actually several meteorites . No big deal , right ? Well , what if I told you that they all fell close together in an obvious formation ? Interested now ? Well , somebody in the British government is , and he puts together a crew of brilliant scientists to go and investigate the thing . Naturally , Dr. Temple -LRB- Robert Hutton -RRB- is the obvious choice to lead the group . Sadly , though , his doctor wo n't write him a permission slip to go -LRB- darn that metal plate in his head -RRB- , so his assistant Lee -LRB- Jennifer Jayne -RRB- goes in his place . Fine and dandy - until , that is , Dr. Temple loses contact with Lee and everyone at the site , even as pork barrel Democrat-sized requisitions start flooding his research lab . At that point , he tells his doctor to go sit on a tongue dispenser -LRB- OK - he does n't actually do that -RRB- and off he goes.To his surprise , he finds himself persona non grata -LRB- him , the great Dr. Temple -RRB- when he arrives at the heavily secured site of the meteorite crash . He does n't know what 's going on , but he knows that the folks working there so secretively are not behaving normally - especially his beloved Lee . That 's where all the sneaking around the farm stuff comes in . The doc 's determined to find out what is going on , despite repeated warnings and murderous attacks . Realistically speaking , Temple should have died early on . The guy may be a scientific genius , but he knows nothing about breaking and entering , not to mention alien technology sabotage . He actually throws very effective weapons down a couple of times and forges ahead empty-handed . I wo n't tell you what the aliens are up to , but I will warn you that their leader ca n't do anything without giving a long , drawn-out speech first . What was it with these aliens in the 1960s ? You would think they were all running for Congress given all the boring speeches they made . And that music ? Each fight scene score was apparently performed by The Little Drummer Boy on acid.They Came From Beyond Space is n't your typical 1960s science fiction film , but that should n't be a selling point in and of itself . This movie is average at best , with its most memorable moments coming in the form of unintentionally humorous scenes .
 They Came From Beyond Space -LRB- 1967 -RRB- is an old style alien contact fantasy . A British production , the film is based on the novel ` The Gods Hate Kansas ' -LRB- 1964 -RRB- by Joseph Millard . As you might guess , the original story was set in Kansas , but was relocated to the English countryside.A team of scientists is sent to investigate an unusual meteor strike on a farm , and their bodies are taken over by aliens , through strange rays emitted by the glowing crystal-like meteorites . The scientists begin executing the aliens ' mysterious plan , isolating themselves on the farm , turning it into a secured compound with armed guards , where they stockpile supplies and weapons , and carry on activities underground.Dr . Curtis Temple -LRB- Robert Hutton -RRB- begins investigating , but is rebuffed by his girlfriend and assistant Lee Mason -LRB- Jennifer Jayne -RRB- , one of those taken over by the aliens . Things escalate when a mysterious plague breaks out in a nearby town , but Temple presses forward , discovering that rockets are being launched into space from the farm . Temple then turns commando , penetrating the compound and displaying the fighting skills of a professional wrestler , manages to abduct Lee and escape . With the help of a friend , Temple frees Lee from the aliens ' influence , and then things really get ridiculous with the story concluding at an alien council meeting on the moon.More of a pulp or comic book adventure fantasy , They Came From Beyond Space with its action elements , was probably entertaining at the time it was made . It has more in common with science fiction films of the 1950 's , then the more serious science fiction that was beginning to emerge in the late 60 's . The level of realism is extremely low . Threads of the storyline make some sense , but most of what happens does not . If huge gaps in logic are not a problem , then it may be worth a look .
 Remember when drive-ins showed a triple feature on weekends ? This is typical of the third feature that usually started about 1:00 A M.Using the moon as a base of operations , aliens embark on a plot to mind-control British scientists . Initially , the movie looks as if it 's a clone of `` Invasion of the Body Snatchers '' and other vintage sci-fi flicks . The script struggles with its focus , and goes off in all directions . The busy plot has kidnapped scientists , government agents , moon rockets , ray guns , caped aliens with pasty faces , and a village where everybody is unfriendly to the point of murder . Dr. Who meets the Avengers . I kept waiting for Steed and Mrs. Peel to make an entrance . In fact , one stylish gent appears wearing a bowler hat and carrying a rapier thin umbrella . Sound familiar ? Robert Hutton 's vintage sports car is certainly an Avengers moment . Things turn comic -LRB- unintentionally -RRB- when the Earth people try blocking mind control by wearing steel helmets . One guy dons a metal bowl that looks like a kitchen implement used for draining wet vegetables . By this time the viewer does n't know if one should laugh out loud or just reach for the `` stop '' button on the remote . We of the cheesy movie fan club soldier on , only to be treated to a dreary climax . If it matters , veteran classic Brit horror director Freddie Francis is credited as the director . The technical quality of the low grade DVD edition is adequate . Stranger , you are on your own . ; - -RRB-
 I wondered why this Amicus production was rated so poorly by Maltin and others . It was directed by Freddie Francis of Hammer renown , and featured known names in the cast , such as Michael Gough as the alien leader . Then I picked it up and watched it . It is not that bad , for 98 % of its runtime . It 's the 2 % at the end that I 'm sure has soured people 's tastes for this movie.It has to do with rocks from outer space landing in a British field and taking over the minds of all those who study them . One scientist is immune to their attacks , however , because of a metal plate in his head . Sound goofy ? Well , it might be . But the whole thing is so solemn that one can overlook the funny-looking headgear the scientist fashions to protect his friends . And there is a lot of activity - not gripping action or suspense per se , but activity
 This is a real fun movie but this Platinum Disc release looks and sounds like a bad VHS tape . I 've seen a good , clean version of this on TV so it 's a shame to have to watch it this way
 OK . So there 's nothing -LRB- and I mean nothing -RRB- on the tv to watch , the Plan 9 video has been worn out , and you need something to distract you from the humming coming from the metal plate in your head ... yeah , why not watch this ... . It 's cheap and with such stars as Robert Hutton -LRB- The Vulture , and The Slime People -RRB- how could it possibly be anything other than a classic ...
 good movie , bad copy!I ordered it because it was cheap.However , picture quality is POOR ; fuzzy , washed-out , blurry.It looks like it 's recorded in superlongplay.The shortness of the tape would seem to confirm this .
 I was very disappointed in the quality of this DVD . I would not recommend anyone buying this DVD until the quality is back to that of a professional recording .
 I purchased this DVD because I remembered seeing it when it was first released in the 1950 's . It was supposed to be a sequel to the Disney classic `` Treasure Island '' . . The film itself was typical of the era with Robert Newton chewing the scenery and obviously having a good time as indeed did most of the cast . What I do remember was the vivid color photography , however this transfer is possibly the worst quality I have ever seen -LRB- with the possible exception of `` New Faces of 1956 '' -RRB- . The color is murky and the picture is out of focus . The film was photographed in Cinemascope however this transfer is in full screen and not even pan and scanned but merely cropped . Avoid at all costs . Even at the bargain price it is not worth it .
 We did not enjoy this movie . The ending was SO obvious that we both hoped we would be surprised by a twist at the end but sadly it panned out exactly as we feared . A superb example of sheer mediocrity . We did not hate the movie we just were disappointed with it . We rented it from redbox so did not waste too much money but wanted to review to save you losing your money on it by buying it on DVD . Wait until it is released on TV and when this happens if you have nothing else to do then maybe consider reading a book .
 I ca n't begin to tell you how bad this movie is ! It 's like a bad student film . Dialogue , characterization , sound , etc -- so bad . How could this film have won any kind of award ?? The music -- gosh , do n't get me started ... it sounds like that royalty-free music that you can use to make home videos . The dialogue , sparse , mumbled by the actors -- half the time I could n't hear what they were saying , and what they did say did nothing to advance the plot or give insight to character . UGH !!
 I have several of these Videos and like them . This one is very hard to follow because it is done in a MAll setting - hard to hear Leslie 's instructions and get the beat and so much video confustion/distraction looking all around the MALL . Great she had that much of an audience but like the videos from the studio much better .
 the dvd looks like a bootlegged piece of crap . the video quality is horribleI dont recommend this version for anyone not even worth the 6.17 I paid for it .
 A very poor transfer of a very good film.Laserlight have done nothing to restore the print.The picture is dark and washed out.The sound is also very poor.The story has some great scenes , such as the finale in the hall where the assassination attempt takes place , but you have to watch a muddy picture with crackling sound.Wait for another version to come out .
 But this version still has its moments . You can easily see why Hitch loved this story enough to remake it , and once having seen both versions , will applaud his decision to do so.The problem with this DVD is not the content , but rather the technical quality of the transfer . I have seen 8mm home movies with better production values . The sound is particularly annoying , and the video not much better.While I can understand the many imperatives for making this version available , I can not in good conscience recommend it to anyone other than a rabid Hitchcock fan , and then only for historical perspective . It is truly a shame to see such a wonderful film rendered so horribly and a stellar Director 's vision , treated so shabbily .
 What a waste . I waited weeks for my copy to arrive . I do not want to be TOO negative , but I would not watch this video again if somebody gave it to me for free .
 The quality of both the content and production of this video is VERY poor . Unfortunately , I ca n't recommend an alternate video for oil painting ; however any of the following books would be a much better choice
 I feel I 'm being generous in giving one star . This is one of the poorest videos in my collection . If you 're a beginner , please do n't start here . It will teach you bad habits that you will just have to `` unlearn '' when you finally do start painting .
 This video is like watching a home video . The sound and camera work are very amateurish . This video would only be for a very beginning painter with a lot of patience . The presentation is extremely boring . Also , the copy I received had no information on the cover regarding the artist and there were no credits or titles on the tape so I do n't even know who the artist is .
 This guy 's a clown in his own right . If you want to train your abs and need a damn good laugh and do n't mind spending 20 bucks , go for it . If you want to learn oil painting , look somewhere else . The good man does n't have a clue . Sorry , pal .
 SHIPED VERY FAST , THE PRODUCT PLAYS GREAT , NO ISSUES AT ALL , REAL IMPREESED WITH HOW FAST IT WAS . JUST GREAT !!!
 I ca n't believe some here loved this laughably inept , sub-Scorsese dreck . Badly written , directed , and acted , its only value is to remind you how good the classics of the mob genre are in comparison . The final shootout , which someone here raves over , is especially hilarious . The gunmen who whack the wedge cut-wearing guido `` hero '' really are the gang that could n't shoot straight . It 's fun to check out the 70s hairdos -LRB- Frank Vincent 's poodle cut is a hoot -RRB- but that 's about the only redeeming feature about this C-grade flick .
 if u like `` B '' movies , you 'll like this . but this movie was boring and the acting sucked !
 Essentially , buying this DVD is equivalent to paying for a cover picture of Joe Pesci . If you really want a small little picture of Joe Pesci in his first movie and have some use for a little mini frisbee , then buy this movie.The plot itself seems to have no connection whatsoever . Joe Pesci is not even the star of the movie . He ends up dead in an ice box in a Ramada Hotel in New Jersey , along with his stupid sneaker wearing friend Serge . They are both slain by a Shaft look-alike assassin . This loss is heartbreaking to the main character who proceeds to sabotage Shaft 's car , and he shoots him in the chest with his sawed-off shotgun.Of course within this entire plot , there are a plethora of useless scenes . For example , Pesci and pals are in the hotel lounge throwing peanuts at the lounge singer . None of these scenes have anything to do with the movie . Then to top it all off , the same black Cadillac is driven by at least three different people . However , the only thing that saves this movie is the lighting . In some of the scenes it is impossible to make out some objects because there is so much light on them . The director chose to make people 's faces glow , and the sky became a brilliant white . Similarly all windows blazed with whiteness . All the light reminds me of the fire that I threw this movie into after I finished watching it .
 This movie had it 's moments , and it was worth watching once , but I would n't call it a `` gem '' . Hard to see where that adjective fits in , but to each their own.Not bad , not good , just an average gay themed movie .
 This film is an aimless story about a guy recently disowned by his family . Sadly , that 's the only thing about the character that inspires sympathy . The one facet in which this movie succeeds is showing a young guy with absolutely no self respect and his series of increasingly dangerous and drug addled trysts while he plans to kill himself on Christmas eve . Yes ... it 's that depressing.This movie represents everything that 's wrong and stereotypical about gay cinema - dark , depressing and self-absorbed characters . Poignant only in its depravity .
 Do n't be misled by the cover . The two guys disappear within five minutes of the opening credits leaving the boy in the center to his own devices and mainly to face imaginary monsters of his own making.There is no conflict to speak of . The main hero apparently believes that his more adult friends -LRB- who left for Christmas to spend it with the family of one of them -RRB- intend to replace him with a younger specimen of the same breed and plans to commit a spectacular suicide so that his companions could know what harm they made.Unfortunately , the whole story -LRB- hardly credible from the very beginning -RRB- is played rather badly so instead of a story we get a sequence of scenes in which our hero tries to drown his pain in mindless sex . At least there is sex but be forewarned - the adjective mindless was fully intended . And it applies to more than just sex.In case you refused to listen to this -LRB- or any other -RRB- review , and then fell asleep or switched the video off halfway through the movie -LRB- warning
 One star for a potentially great idea turned into the lamest movie imaginable . The issue of young people committing suicide is unfortunately a growing problem . So the story of a lonely , depressed 21-year-old gay man -- -LRB- well , in this case a 21-year old gay boy -RRB- could have been very worthwhile.The dialogue and acting are just dreadful . And , I could be wrong , but it should be possible for a movie to show someone being bored -LRB- and depressed -RRB- without the movie itself being boring -LRB- and depressing . -RRB- Ricky , the main character , is in love with his former college professor Simon , and is having a 3-way affair with Simon and his lover of 10 years . Simon and `` husband '' go off to visit the folks for Christmas , leaving Ricky to house-sit and take care of the various animals for a week . Ricky picks up anyone and everyone , acting like a needy , pathetic shnook . It 's actually embarrassing to watch him go about his business . He announces to anyone who 'll listen that he 's planning on offing himself on Christmas and letting his hosts find his dead body when they come home . Supposedly what drives him over the edge is the fact that Simon 's lover is tired of Ricky -LSB- gee , I wonder why -RSB- and wants a new `` houseboy . '' The various characters ' reactions to Ricky 's pleas for attention are somewhat interesting -- for the most part they do n't believe him -- but like everything else in the movie , not done very well.It 's hard to have any sympathy for a character who is so selfish , thoughtless and just plain stupid . Lucky for him , a sweet black guy , the gay son of a lesbian couple , shows up and they all live happily ever after and hopefully do n't plague us with any more terrible movies . I had to fast forward through several sections of this one ; otherwise it would have been impossible to sit through .
 If the religious right needs more fuel for their anti-gay crusades , I 'm sure they would be happy to add this film to their ammunition . Promiscuous sex , drug use and the whole concept of an older gay couple using a young boy as their `` toy '' is bad enough . Nick May is very good in the title role and manages to create a sympathetic portrayal of a young guy desperately in need of love . This is quite an accomplishment considering that the script basically only uses one sexual encounter after another to paint his plight . The last five minutes promises a glimpse of what this film could have been . Too bad the viewer has to sit through total dreck to get there .
 The cover of this film suggests a working relationship between two men and a young man who is their houseboy . What you actually get is a few moments of interaction between these characters to establish the fact that the houseboy is no different than the other pets that the two men own , apart from the sex , I 'm hoping . Treated more as a possession than a person , the houseboy recognizes this indifference and spends the entire film commiserating himself to whomever will listen . Having no common sense he internalizes this apathy as a valid judgement of his character and feels his only option is to kill himself . This comes across not only as ridiculous and unbelievable but also manipulative . This aspect is strengthened when he confesses to everyone he meets that he is going to kill himself on Christmas Eve , hoping , I guess , to provoke some concern for his miserable existence . Of course this makes him a perfect target for those who would advantage themselves at his expense , which he seems to not mind , after all his life is unremarkable anyway . Interject a love interest -LRB- Blake -RRB- who has his life together , disallow the fact that the houseboy is self-destructive , mix it together with a shallow uneventful relationship and you have a film called `` The Houseboy '' . You are left only with the thought , Run Blake , RUN !!!
 THIS MOVIE IS FAIR . ENTERTAINING BUT NOT A GREAT MOVIE . AFTER LOOKING ONCE IT IS NOT A MOVIE I WOULD WATCH AGAIN .
 Truly awful . Hardly qualifies as a legitimate film by any definition . Is n't even good as soft porn . If you are looking for gay-themed entertainment , do n't waste your money like I did . Bad acting , boring , low -LRB- very low -RRB- production values .
 I would prefered not to buy this movie , it was bored and the actors were as bad as they could . There 's nothing interesting in the movie , not even the sex scenes .
 The young man -LRB- Houseboy -RRB- in between numerous bouts of sex tells all his encounters that he will commit suicide on Christmas Eve . After a while you are hoping the he will do so and put everyone out of their misery . A film populated by some pretty seedy and hopeless characters . Do n't expect to be uplifted anywhere during this movie . Redemption comes in the last five minutes but by that time I had hit the fast forward button .
 This movie is nothing but soft-core porn . That is the problem with Gay & Lesbian movies
 I knew a film maker who died very suddenly and I remember thinking
 This is part one of a six-part Japanese anime series that was released direct to video in Japan starting in October 2006 , with the last episode released in July . That 's about one episode every six weeks . The studio , Bandai , for some reason is releasing the series in the U.S. at an even slower pace , with part one released in June 2007 and part two scheduled for September . It is a bizarre choice . Who is willing to wait over a year for a series that clocks in at about two hours long ? And who is willing to pay nearly $ 180 for that series , even if it is in high definition?Various reviewers have already complained about the price . Some have said that you get both DVD and HDDVD formats on a single-sided disk . But I do n't see why it is worth extra money just so you do n't have to flip the disk over for the HDDVD format -- if you have an HD player , you are only going to play one side , if you do n't you will just play the other side , right ? Why does it matter that both formats are on the same side?What the reviews have not made clear is that the `` special features '' are not on the disk itself , and can not be accessed on a regular DVD player . They are apparently all online and can only be accessed if your player is hooked up to the net . If you do n't have HD , or if your machine is not hooked up to the net , then all you get is a single 22-minute episode for a lot of money , and then a long wait until the next release . Why Bandai thought that this was a successful marketing strategy is beyond me . My guess is that at some point they will realize that this a -RRB- is not the way titles should be released in the US , and b -RRB- is stupid , and will do the smart thing and release the entire series as a single collection.Nobody has yet reviewed the story , so allow me . The story follows the exploits of a bunch of teenagers who live in a moon colony . They get into some minor trouble and are sentenced to community service . There 's also a motorcycle race in a tunnel . That 's about it for the story for episode one -- with one important twist at the end -LRB- which I 'll get to in a moment -RRB- . Katsuhiro Otomo designed the characters and the technical look . Otomo was responsible for the highly-regarded 1980s animated movie -LRB- also manga -RRB- Akira , and the look for Freedom is similar . The first episode is beautifully illustrated and nicely-paced , but it features a number of typical anime cliches such as the teenage bikers -LRB- taken from Akira -RRB- , the crazy older man , and the girl in the short skirt who is the object of affection for the socially awkward boy.It was only the colorful animation and the tantalizing glimpses of this high-tech colony on the moon that kept my attention and by the end of the first episode I wondered if this was enough to make me watch more . However , right at the very end there was an intriguing hook -- a hint that Earth , which humanity abandoned centuries ago , may not be empty after all . This also hints that maybe the government is hiding something from its citizens . This mini-cliffhanger ending did indeed leave me wanting more . But it also means that I 'll have to wait a long time for the next installment , and the next after that . I 'd rather be able to buy the entire series at once -- and at a reasonable price . Right now , I 'm waiting for it to show up at Netflix.Your best bet is to wait and hope that Bandai comes to their senses and releases this properly , as a complete series , with extras , and at a decent price .
 A friend of mine dropped 30 bucks on this so I watched it -LRB- if you had a chance to watch a $ 30 , 25 minute anime show for free would n't you ? -RRB- . Repeat this in your mind
 I 've been waiting on this disc for some time now and finally had the chance to check it out today . Unfortunately , I have to say I 'm a bit disappointed in it while at the same time impressed.Below I 'll include a -LRB- + -RRB- next to any positive comments and a -LRB- - -RRB- next to any complaints with the product.The first thing you 'll notice is the price this disc comes at . A retail price of $ 39.99 -LRB- selling for about $ 29.99 online -LRB- - -RRB- -RRB- is quite a bit for any movie , especially a single 25 minute anime episode -LRB- - -RRB- that is part of a series -LRB- 6 episodes total , and I 'm sure they 'll release them as 6 individual releases -LRB- - -RRB- -RRB- . I do n't mind spending this type of money if I feel the product is of high quality and something I would rewatch from time to time . Unfortunately , this is n't the case with Freedom -LRB- - -RRB- .1 - episode OVA releases are very common in Japan -LRB- and used to be common in the US back in the VHS days -RRB- but nowadays you come to expect more for your money.Part of the price tag comes from the fact that this is a combo disc . Unlike others , however , this is a single-sided `` Twin '' disc which means you can play it as an HDDVD in an HDDVD player or play the same side as a DVD in a traditional DVD Player -LRB- + -RRB- . I find this much nicer than double-sided discs as there seems to be less of a chance of damaging the disc.The product comes in a DVD Jewel Case -LRB- not an HDDVD case or even a standard DVD case , but rather one of the DVD jewel cases used on earlier DVDs -RRB- -LRB- - -RRB- The jewel case comes housed in a thin cardboard slipcover with the cover art on the front and a black and white text-only description on the back . My biggest complaints with the case are that the DVD Jewel cases tend to break very easily and can be hard to find a replacement for plus the fact that it 's the same size as a DVD case which makes it taller than an HDDVD case -LRB- this is similar to the Discovery Channel HDDVD releases -RRB- . I wo n't go too much into the story of the series but from the first episode I was n't terribly impressed . I did n't care about the characters and found myself looking at the running time remaining throughout the episode . There did n't seem to be anything `` new '' with this series , especially something worth justifying the high cost of the product.With that said , this is a very well done HDDVD.Aside from the twin-disc format , the HD video is encoded in VC-1 1080p -LRB- + -RRB- with Japanese Dolby Digital 5.1 + and Linear PCM 2.0 audio -LRB- + -RRB- . Unfortunately -LRB- or fortunately , for some -RRB- there is no English dub on the disc -LRB- - -RRB- . Video quality is very good as its a direct digital-digital transfer -LRB- + -RRB- unfortunately I did notice some aliasing -LRB- ` jaggies ' -RRB- during a few scenes -LRB- this was rare and only for a few seconds though -RRB- . Extras include the ability to bookmark scenes for later viewing , multiple picture in picture elements -LRB- cast credits , storyboards and a side by side 3DCG Simulation video . This disc allows you to adjust the size of the PiP -LRB- 7 levels -RRB- adjust the transparency of it -LRB- 4 levels -RRB- , flip PiP and the main video -LRB- so you can watch the PiP content in fullscreen and the episode the PiP window . You can also move the PiP window using the arrow keys . You can connect online to download new content through your HDDVD player from the disc -LRB- I have n't had a chance to try this yet as my player has trouble connecting online for some reason -RRB- . Lastly , theres a preview trailer for Episode 2 . Overall , great extra features , many of which have not been done before on HDDVD.With all said and done , the show did n't impress me and neither did the price . This is a nice demo disc to show off features of an HDDVD player but overall not something I can recommend purchasing at the asking price . $ 15 , while still expensive , would 've been a different story - the same would be true had they included more content -LRB- at least 2-3 episodes per disc -RRB- .
 Avoid . Great show , sadly let down by the extreme price point -LRB- for one episode ? come on ! -RRB- If you want some great anime on HD , grab yourself APPLESEED
 It was an okay story , and good animation , but by no means was any part of the show extraordinary , except for the price . Had I bothered to check the running time I would never have purchased it , and I desperately wish to have my money back . I simply assumed I was buying a full movie for 30 $ , but even a show , who is cold hearted enough to sell a SINGLE EPISODE , one and no more than one !!! I was enraged that I had passed up quality movies for this , this 25 minute episode with an incomplete story.It would not be harsh to say that because of the duration of it , and the incompleteness of the narrative , I would not pay a full 5 dollars for it , and I have been robbed of 30 . There are not even any bonus features to speak of .
 Yeah , I 'm not going to buy this DVD , even though I LOVE Otomo . Granted , he did n't even direct it , he just did the character and mech designs . I 'll rent it on netflix for free , see if it 's actually worth it , and then wait a year or so when it 's available in a DVD boxset for a cheaper price.Thanks , but no thanks ...
 For all of these reasons I will not buy this item : * Price * 24 minutes long for ONE DVD * This is volume 1 of 6 * Do n't care if it is a dual HD and DVD format.Kind of makes me upset because I really wanted to see this , but I am not going to get a DVD per episode . Nice job Bandai Visual .
 I want to be sure to let all of the Amazon members know that this DVD would not play in my DVD player . I purchased three Hitchcock films from this distributor and only one of the three DVDs actually played . This one did n't , so buyer beware !
 It is hardly worth commenting on the quality of the film , in this case , since the DVD is so terrible . The packaging states that the film is `` restored and enhanced '' . Baloney . It also claims that the DVD contains a whole heap of special features . Double baloney . It contains none , not even an interactive menu . The sound and vision are probably as bad as I have ever seen on a DVD . You can watch this film on You Tube and enjoy better quality . Amazon should not be peddling such rubbish .
 Only for fans of Hitch . Very dated for today 's audience . Slow pace and confusing character development , especially Peter Lorre 's `` General '' . Stiff portrayals and a surprising lack of suspense . Where 's a Macguffin when you need one ?
 Maybe I am too much of a realist , or am spoiled by contemporary movies , but there were things about this film that were just too illogical . To begin with , what was the point of faking Edgar Brodie 's -LRB- John Gielgud -RRB- death so he could be sent out as a spy for England ? Supposedly his death was faked because he was well known . After his funeral , he was given a fake name and passport and sent off on his mission . Why not just simply give him the fake name and passport without the fake death ? There was no point to it . Furthermore , would British intelligence really send out someone like the character Madeleine Carroll played -LRB- Else -RRB- to do a dangerous spy mission ? -LRB- She had no stomach for the dark arts of espionage , and even questioned that the German spy was a spy because he was so `` nice . '' -RRB- Would British Intelligence really send out the fake couple Mr. and Mrs. Ashenden -LRB- Gielgud and Carroll -RRB- without any training ? And as for the ending , Peter Lorre putting down the gun next to Robert Young was just too stupid .
 WARNING ! WARNING ! WARNING ! The transfer quality of this DVD `` SECRET AGENT '' is discusting . This is the 21st century , the digital age . With the latest transfer machines on the market there are no excuses for studio 's churning out rotten transfers . Before you buy this disc , ask yourself if you can sit through an unwatchable image . Good old `` Hitch '' would turn in his grave if he knew what was happening to his precious movies . A warning should be posted about the rotten transfer of this disc and I have just done it ! DO N'T BUY IT . DEMAND BETTER QUALITY !
 I generally enjoy watching old movies , but this is not one of the good ones . While Hitchcock managed a few decent movies , I think he was LARGELY overrated.The story is thin , attempted humor is more annoying than funny -LRB- as is Peter Lorre -RRB- , in general the writing is bad and the acting not so great . Our war spies end up getting credit for a job they could n't / did n't even do - they were pathetic and so was the whole setup which makes the USA look foolish and incompetent . In fact , the more I think about this movie after watching it , the more I dislike it.I can not recommend this movie to anyone . Sorry .
 This is a story with a modicum of drama except for a small dog -LRB- surprising given the starry nature of the human cast -RRB- , close to nonexistence suspense , and muddy sound recording compounded with hard to understand dialog -LRB- English accents and all that -RRB- . Gielgud 's performance as the hero is mostly one dimensional -LRB- when you can understand his delivery -RRB- ; as the heroine , Carroll 's `` acting '' ranges from chatty to zombie ; and Lorrie 's delivery is over-the-top ham -LRB- and , quite frankly , an embarrassment -RRB- as he portrays the `` good-guy '' killer . All this is in marked contrast to the achievements of the fourth principal performer , Robert Young . Young provides an acting tour de force as the subject matter of the film . He makes the film his own!There are some gee-wiz -LRB- for the time , 1936 -RRB- special in-camera/editing effects which were then fast becoming -LRB- and would continue to be -RRB- a Hitchcock trademark.Not one of Hitchcock 's masterpieces , but not one of his disasters either.WILLIAM FLANIGAN , Ph.D
 What did they do to this show ? They butchered it in so many different ways I do n't even know where start and I am offended that Amazon even listed this as a recommendation . TERRIBLE ! Save your money . The Broadway actors are great . Rosario Dawson SUCKS !
 This movie has everything that I thought I would like ! I am very diverse , I am Latino and I am gay -LRB- but straight looking and non stereotypical -RRB- . So going into this movie , I was expecting something really good !! NO . It was just ridiculous . It tries too hard to be good and entertaining that it actually turns you off ! This movie is more like some diverse party overnight with them filming themselves singing and talking about their problems . I ca n't believe people actually like this ! Inclusion of diverse characters does n't mean that it is automatically a hit . There has to be a character development that you can feel ... it was just not in this movie !
 Way too much money was put into the movie . The cast is way too old . It completely lost all of the grittiness and the pain of the play . It 's very unfortunate that there was an opportunity to immortalize one of the great landmarks of the contemporary musical theatre and this is all we ended up with .
 The movie started off well with the staging of Seasons of Love , but then went downhill . Situations that you accepted on stage and characters you loved did not work in a more realistic setting . The age of the actors made a difference too . I left the movie theater thinking
 This movie is simply terrible . It 's not like I 'm homophobic or anything , I 'm actually gay , but this movie just promotes stereotypes and I resent the favorable dipiction of the immature , immoral , and idiotic `` la vie boheme . '' On top of all that , from a stylistic point of view , the plot was just absurd , the characters were intensely unlikeable and unsympathetic -LRB- I absolutely DETESTED every single one of them , Angel especially -RRB- , the songs ' melodies were grating , and the lyrics were just plain stupid . People in the theater actually laughed at parts that were supposed to be serious because the movie was that aweful . In short , avoid at all costs .
 I had such high expectations for this film . I heard many great things about this musical . Struggling actors trying to make their dreams come true and who are trying to find love . Well , I must have picked up the wrong DVD.They complain that their landlord is going to kick them out because they have n't paid their rent in 1 yr . Let 's feel sorry for the leaches of society.A strung out 19 yr old stripper with a heroin addiction & AIDS tries to seduce her neighbor . While attempting to get this guy into bed , she neglects to mention her deadly diagnosis , not knowing that he has it as well . She was willing to put someone else 's life in danger so that she could satisfy her own needs . So typical of a drug addict.These characters seemed to look at being a success in life as failure . They needed to be failures to feel ok about things . When one of them tried to do something that was successful , they seemed to feel guilty about leaving the others behind . They 'd ditch their reality to live in a rat infested apartment without heat , lights , or food.Five of the main characters had AIDS and every single one of them lead risky lifestyles . Then were totally and completely shocked when diagnosed.They could have really done something meaningful with this film . I was truly disappointed with the message this movie was sending out . Life can be tough , but it does n't make it any easier when a compromised person is buying drugs , shooting up , stripping , ripping off ATM machines , and then complaining that the world owed them . Grow up , get a job , get clean , use protection , and pay your rent !
 Musicals -LRB- and Operas -RRB- are n't my forte - although I did enjoy CHICAGO and MOULIN ROUGE - so I was hesitant to check out RENT . But after reading about its notable comparisons to La Boheme , and how consumption was replaced by HIV/AIDS , I was intrigued enough to pick up a copy and find out what director Chris Columbus -LRB- what an unfortunate name -RRB- did with it.I guess I should 've stuck with my original movie-musical/opera instincts.RENT is exactly what it claims to be , a musical ; and perhaps a bit too much of one . At every opportunity - whether it seems justifiable or not - the cast breaks out into song . I know , I know . It 's a musical . What did I expect?Maybe I 've been spoiled by the two aforementioned postmodern musicals . CHICAGO AND MOULIN ROUGE told stories through both good narratives and great songs . And they did n't force-feed the audience musical number after musical number after musical number . Let me explain further ... RENT is a modern parable about bohemians living in New York 's East Village . They 're either all struggling artists , lovers , or victims of the HIV epidemic ... or , sometimes , they 're all three -LRB- depending on which character you choose to follow -RRB- . They all live in a substandard building and are having trouble paying the rent -LRB- begin opening chorus here -RRB- . Anthony Rapp stars as Mark Cohen , a failed movie-maker who 's coming to terms with the loss of his overtly sexy - and apparently bisexual - girlfriend Maureen -LRB- Idina Menzel -RRB- . He 's also been filming all of his friends lives and it is this that gives most of the movie its emotional weight . Adam Pascal plays Roger , Mark 's roommate . Roger is dealing with his HIV status by remaining a shut-in after having lost a girlfriend to AIDS . But then Mimi -LRB- Rosario Dawson -RRB- moves in downstairs and Roger is tempted to fall in love again . But his HIV status and his broken heart keep them apart ... in addition to the fact that Mimi is a drug addict and is HIV positive , too . Jesse L. Martin plays Tom Collins -LRB- ha-ha -RRB- , an out of work MIT instructor who returns to the Village to find his friends self-destructing and , amazingly , to find love in the arms of another HIV positive man , Angel -LRB- played by an excellent Wilson Jermaine Heredia -RRB- . It is Angel - I think - that is supposed to represent the glue that holds these ragtag bohemians together , but we see so little of him -LRB- up until the hospital scenes where he 's dying -RRB- that this aspect was nearly lost on me.There are some decent film moments . Some of the more memorable ones -LRB- for me -RRB- were during the opening when the power to the building they 're all living in is shut off and everyone burns something to stay warm , then throws the burning embers out the windows of this multi-story structure -LRB- nice imagery -RRB- . I also liked the scenes involving the HIV support group that showed its members gradually disappearing , a reminder to viewers that HIV tends to be fatal to a huge percentage of those that become infected.But the songs just could n't hold the movie together . Most of them had the exact same tempo -LRB- with the exception of maybe one or two -RRB- and blurred or blended together , making me not really care what they were singing about . And with a musical so packed full of songs , that 's pretty bad .
 For someone who has never seen the musical performed live , I watched this movie and could n't help thinking that something , and something VERY IMPORTANT was missing . The personality . The depth of the characters.The movie jumped from song to song and there was no character building . The jist of RENT is to show the year in the life of Bohemians in the East Village of New York City struggling with life , love and AIDS , and the impacts they have on America . Yet , I could n't help thinking that we really and truly did n't get to know these people . And ... IMPACT on AMERICA ?? I have n't the slightest clue.Is it the filmmakers fault ? Not sure . Probably not . I just think that there is SO MUCH MATERIAL HERE that gets portrayed in a stage play that was absolutely impossible to portray in a 2 hour movie.The music is phenominal . The spirit of the film is there . The film opens up with the cast singing the wonderful song SEASON OF LOVE , and to me , from that point on , it became a hyperactive jump from one plot point to the next and never slowed down to actually let you know these people.Adam Pascal plays Roger Davis , a former rocker , that is scarred because a former love of his life killed herself with drugs , which we see in brief flashbacks . Rosario Dawson plays Mimi Marquez who sings one of the coolest songs in the movie OUT TONIGHT . She , apparently has a problem with drugs too , but I never got the gist of that until they found her on the street dieing . Apparently , they all have AIDS , but I did n't understand that Roger and Mimi did until they went to the meeting , which they had been avoiding.Wilson Jermaine Heredia plays a convincing drag queen named Angel Dumott Schunard . His funeral , which is supposed to be a big emotional moment of the movie , went right over my head . The reason ? There was just too much ground to cover , too many stories to tell , too many characters to get to know , that we did n't get to know ANY OF THEM.I could go on about the things in this movie , but it 's just that everything was too vague and unexplored . Later in the movie , Roger decides he 's leaving to go to Sante Fe . Apparently , a big deal . Everyone is sad and depressed because of this ... they show about a 5 minute MTV clip of him walking through a desert singing and he 's back home and everybody is SO EXCITED!The movie was n't bad for me because the music was bad , the music was awesome ... in fact , just buy the CD ... the movie was bad for me because all of the emotional impact things , the moments that will make you understand the characters and understand the troubles that they are going through are so VAGUE and UNEXPLORED , I had little to no interest in the film at all .
 Very disappointing . We are regular watchers of Glee and somehow expected a similar level of vocal quality and acting . Not the case . Performers voices were very mediocre to bad and the opening scene/concept/lyrics were just downright bizarre . We shut it down within the first 5 minutes as we were in such disbelief and simply could n't take any more . I do n't remember us having to do that ever before .
 The movie it self is amazing !!!! But I was dissapointed that the disc skips about 30 mins of the movie . From the take me for what I am song all the way to Angel 's furneal . Get this movie from another company !!!
 I 'm not sure what classifies a Blu-Ray disc rather than a DVD disc but this movie is lacking in HD quality . I would not recommend buying it on Blu-Ray , save money and by the DVD instead .
 RENT the film works for exactly four minutes . The opening credits role and then the cast sings 521,600 Minutes and its all downhill from there . What follows a nice opening is a film so pointless , so banal , you 'll asks as my wife did for the two and half hours back you spent watching RENT.I remember when RENT opened on Broadway . I remember I had a buddy who camped out on the street to see the play . I remember people called RENTheads would record the shows in other cities and trade bad audio and video of the off Broadway productions starring Molly Ringwald and Doogie Howser . It was a phenomenon based on the tragic death of it 's creator Jonathon Larson more than a well made show , and so the play stayed untouched , unfiddled around with , for who would dare touch the Genius of Larson ? Who would dare walk on his grave?If I were the director of this movie I would have begged for a rewrite . If ever there was a film dying for some heart , some central core , its RENT . It 's jumbled , it 's messy , it contains characters that do n't mesh , there 's no coherence , no one worth rooting for , no one worth hating , and that 's wrong . The passion and drive of the clunky play may work as live theater , heck CATS works as live theater , but RENT is charmless , pointless , and murky and it really should n't be.RENT follows the exploits `` in the year of the life '' of Mark -LRB- Anthony Rapp -RRB- the angst ridden film maker , Roger -LRB- Adam Pascal -RRB- the Rockstar with AIDS , Mimi -LRB- Rosario Dawson -RRB- the heroin addicted Stripper with a heart of gold -LRB- and AIDS -RRB- , Tom -LRB- Jesse L. Martin -RRB- the unemployed professor with AIDS , Angel -LRB- Wilson Jermaine Heredia -RRB- the Drag Queen -LRB- with AIDS -RRB- who steals Tom 's heart , Maureen -LRB- Idina Menzel -RRB- the performance artist and Mark 's Ex-Girlfriend , and Joanne -LRB- Tracie Thomas -RRB- the Lawyer who falls in love with Maureen . They are the bohemians , they ca n't pay the rent , they ca n't pay the heat , and everyday they stand the chance of being evicted . So they sing . They sing a lot , and at one point at a protest , they Moo . That causes a near riot . I wanted to laugh , but I did n't because I did n't want to be mean to the rest of people in the theater . But I had a feeling they were watching a different movie cause they kept clapping.Why was this film so joyless ? Why were the main characters so whiney ? Why does RENT have no real heart ? The film just assumes that we the audience will like these people and so it makes no attempt to allow them to win our hearts . It assumes that because the script has introduced us to them that they are friends . But half the film revolves around how these people do n't get along . They are disgruntled about life and yet the film praises that fact and instead of doing anything about it they whine . They hate progress , they protest the idea of personal responsibility , and fight the man , for what ? Nothing but a crappy apartment in New York City.The most honest moment in the film comes when the Mark films a homeless women who was being harassed by the cops . The homeless women look at him and screams something like `` do n't exploit me , get a job . '' These people are not happy , the lifestyle they promote is pointless and the film fails to take a stand on any of it.The film also does n't work on a purely technical level . The dialogue clunks haphazardly into the songs . The actors take a moment to reflect before the songs take off , and none of the songs are worth humming when you leave the theater . But you 'll have 521,600 minutes attacking you in your dreams . If the screenplay would have been retooled to fit the screen instead of the screen trying to replicate the stage a better movie would have emerged . But RENT will appeal only to those who love the play.The other glaring problem is the actors seem too old to embody these parts . With actors culled from the original off-Broadway cast , it casts and even deeper gloom over the film . We all have to grow up , this group of 30-somethings edge on pathetic . A new cast of twenty-somethings would have worked a bit better.So save your money . You thank me I promise .
 I 'm a renthead and in my opinion , the movie really did n't do the musical justice . = -LRB-
 I was sooo dissapointed by the movie version of RENT and I am not a `` renthead '' . I saw the Broadway show for the first time on the 10 year anniversary because I had to see it onstage before the movie came out . I am so glad I did . I did n't know the plotline before I saw it and I literally cried for twenty minutes in the middle of Times Square after leaving the theatre . I could n't even listen to disc two of the cast recording , for weeks , without crying . The scenes that they left out of the movie should have been left in . It would have added a whole ten minutes to the running time but they were so important to telling the whole story . I do n't think I can sit through another viewing of this movie . If you want to know what the Broadway musical was like , buy the original broadway cast recording . It is exactly how the show runs , with little talk and so much more singing . It also gives you the whole story with all the emotion that should be in the movie . If you have n't seen RENT in the theater , the whole show is done with only one set . It 's great !!
 The Bottom Line : A perfect example of a play that needs a live audience , Rent simply does n't work as a film
 I 've become a burgeoning Renthead , but I 've never seen the musical yet . I listen to the soundtrack constantly . Actually my first experience with Rent was through this movie . I loved the songs and the music , but after seeing pics and some video of the original show , I came to the conclusion that Chris Columbus took Jonathan Larson 's inspired work and made it so uninspiring.His first mistake was to shoot on location or sets that look like New York . When you look at the set design of the musical , it was conceptual and abstract . If the set designers of the musical wanted to copy reality , they would have done that , but they realized that Rent -LRB- like many musicals -RRB- is a fable . Therefore the stylized abstract set works with the rock musical genre . The look of the movie is based on reality -LRB- they are singing in the streets and dancing in cafes -RRB- . And because of that , it looks like every other musical or rock video set in New York . And other musicals , like West Side Story , do it so much better . And this is a shame because Rent was so fresh and different and this movie makes it seem so ordinary.I 'm not a filmmaker , but I think it would have been very interesting to shoot this musical with all of the actors against a bluescreen and then add a GCI conceptual stylized version of New York in the background . That way the environment of New York could look fresh and different , just like it did in the original musical.Another aspect of the film that is so dissapointing is it 's failure to carry the same emotional weight of the musical . Take for instance the scene when the cast is walking away from the funeral and begin arguing . This is one of the most emotionally charged scenes in the musical , the breakdown of this family of friends that we 've come to love . How does Columbus handle this ? He shows us a far establising shot with the friends walking through a cemetary . You can barely see their faces ! And then he edits out the arguement/duet between Mark and Roger which was the conclusion of that emotional arc in the musical . Just like his two Harry Potter movies , Chris Columbus does not know how to bring out the emotional arc of a storyline.The best part of this DVD was the No Day But Today documentary on the 2nd disc which tells the story of Larson and Rent . That was much more interesting and inspiring than the movie . And it is a shame because this was/is an innovative unique musical . There was nothing like it that came before and there has been nothing like it since , and this movie makes it seem so pedestrian .
 I loved the music but couldnt really follow the story . Too many characters and too many stories going on at once . I actually had to read on Wickepedia that most of the characters had aids ! Yeah just didnt do it for me on any level .
 I 'm never sure how to view film adaptations of plays , books , television shows , etc. . Does one view it as a film ? As an adaptation of the play to film ? How faithful the transition is from stage to film ? I have not seen the play performed in any capacity so perhaps that is a blessing and a curse . A cures because I have nothing to compare the movie to . A blessing because if the play is in anyway similar to the movie , I will stay as far away from it as possible.The film focuses on a group of faux-Bohemians living in the Alphabet City region of New York City , in a large , run down loft , refusing to pay the rent . The owner of the buildings want to tear them down and build a ` virtual reality loft ' , or something to that extent . What that is exactly is never really explained.Perhaps it is my experience in property management that has biased me , but for me , it was easy to see why the owner wished to do so . The buildings are hemmoreging money , tenets are refusing to pay , the places are is so much disrepair , that it would be ludicrous to attempt to do so . Eviction , sadly , is a truth of the world , and more often than not , ample time -LRB- at least in California -RRB- is given to tenants.Perhaps the film suffers too much from the boring hand of Chris Columbus . Several plot lines are weaved through , none of which are given any time to really come to fruitarian . Are we to focus on Mimis and Rogers budding relationship ? The AIDS infected lovers ? The biracial lesbian lovers with the rocky relationship ? The aspiring film maker there to show the * true * New York ? We never know . I assume that we are to feel to most of Angels death , but his time on screen is so short , his funeral comes off as flat and as unnecessary as the character himself.Oddly enough , the best scene in the movie , for me at least , was the scene that seemed to run completely counter to the films theme . While filming a homeless women being moved by police , Mark says to the officers `` Smile for Ted Kopple , officers '' . It is not the police that push him away , but the homeless women . `` I do n't need your help , artist '' she says . `` This city if full of artist . You want to help me ? You got a dollar ? '' Sullen , and looking away , she continues on , `` Yeah , I thought so '' . In a film that tries to romanticizes poverty and demise in a region of the city that is the American Calcutta , that scene cuts sharply.Save your money . Luckily , I had free tickets , so I paid nothing , but in a theater that had a dozen people or so , its not a good sign when you see at least four walk out .
 Personally , I did n't understand the film or the musical . The message I understand , but the singing , dancing , music , and plot in general did n't really move me , convince me , or uplift me . I understand that in even the most depressing themes in a musical , the music still remains exuberant and positive . But something about the music in RENT did n't seem to fit . I found them to be lackluster and not catchy at all . The characters were bland and boring to me . Not much personality , felt more like watching sterotypes on screen with no depth , emotion , or feeling . One of the actresses who played a lesbian was truly the most horrible and over the top actor I 've ever seen , just ridiculous and annoying . I 'm glad i watched this with a few co-eds than by myself , it made it a tiny bit more enjoyable . Personally though , i hate the movie , and i just do n't understand the musical . Great themes , but just so dry , lackluster , and at times just a bit unrealistic and boring .
 Before I get to the review , confession time . Even as a theater extremist , I never liked Rent . OK people , go on and eviscerate me.Why did I never like it ? Maybe if I was born in the eighties or if I lived in New York , I 'd like it . There were a few moments of brilliance in the show , and some catchy songs , but none of the positives ever added up really . It 's really dated and cheesy , it 's WAY too long , in fact I 've had to scoff at a lot of my friends -LRB- as of recently -RRB- who worship it because of how dated , cheesy and laughable it is . Especially since I saw it for the first time on stage in 2009 and enjoyed the actors ' performances but absolutely hated it . Even moreso , its cheesy lyrics prevent me from enjoyment , and half the songs are half-arsed copy and paste jobs . One particularly crowning moment of cringe worthy is `` Will I ? '' . Ugh , I had to sing that for a showcase and dreaded every second of it each night . `` Will I lose my diiiignityyy , will someone caaaare , will I wake tooomoroowwww ... FROM !!! THIS !!! NIGHT !!! MAAAAAARE !!!! '' as if the lyrics were n't bad enough , it gets repeated what feels like 250 times . The worst part is when the song becomes an incomprehensible mishmash at the end with 20 different people singing at different times to the point where it sounds like `` Will someone care ? '' is repeated over and over . I most certainly WO N'T care , and I would if the characters did n't feel like stereotypes , cardboard cutouts and had any depth other than `` She 's her lover/he 's a drag queen/he 's making a movie about their lifestyle/etc . '' So as you could tell , there was no way I could imagine any of those craptacular songs or dated story translating to film.A few nights ago this was on TV , starting at 10 . That , with commercials , resulted in me staying up till 1 to watch a terrible movie based on a really crappy musical . However curiosity bit me in the ass and so I gave in and watched this film.The good thing about this movie is that it 's a terrible adaptation of the play . A lot of fanboys/girls have gotten angry over this but I was quite happy - at least half those craptacular songs were out of the question and songs were turned into dialogue to avoid me smashing my head against the nearest sharp object . Add to that some GREAT cinematography and visual brilliance . I liked the look of the film - fit the bohemian mood great . The cast was n't that bad , some of them surprised me - specifically Maureen . She made me like `` Over The Moon '' actually . So in a way this film is better than the play but that 's not saying much.The songs somehow sound even more emo than the play - and mind-bendingly so . That , of course , is the result of a film exposing a play for how truly bad it is , showing the songs ' true form . So that means `` Out Tonight '' , `` Will I '' , `` I Should Tell You '' , and `` Light My Candle '' are more whiny , cheesy , and annoying than the stage play . And of course , the film drones on and on for too long , just like the play , but thankfully it 's shorter . Were this film a minute longer I 'd cry.I 'll go out on a limb and also state how I ca n't understand how the whole concept of `` Rent '' IN GENERAL has a huge fanbase . Am I gay ? No . Do I enjoy watching stuff about AIDS ? It depends on if its done tastefully . Maybe if I were in the gay crowd I 'd be worshipping it just as much as everyone and their dog . No wait - even if I were gay I 'd still hate its guts - Hell I even know gay people who hate Rent . I 'll also go out on a limb and state I 'll never , repeat , NEVER understand how teenagers adore it so much . As an adult , I find it so laughably dated and cheesy . I 'll admit I was n't born in the eighties , so maybe that 's why I do n't get some of the references . And yet people as young as 9 -LRB- bad parenting much ? This film , here in Canada is rated PG , and in USA PG-13 . I would n't recommend the play to anyone under 15 at all due to its content ! -RRB- worship it ! When I saw the stage production some time ago , a member of the cast stated on how difficult it was - for him as a straight man - to be able to pull off the role of a gay dude and make a man-to-man kiss look natural . Being an actor myself I know how difficult it is . Coincidentally that very person was one of my closest friends , whom I had seen the play for specifically -LRB- to be fair though , he did great for what he had to work with , so I 'll give him that . -RRB- . Honestly , even with its popularity among the LGBT community and what not , I fail to see the appeal of the show.In short , this film is a 135 minute exercise in idiocy , but hey , at least it 's keeping true to the true nature of the show . I go see a play like The Gershwins ' Crazy For You or Kotis ' Urinetown and am immediately transported to the locations those shows take place in -LRB- The setting of Deadrock , Nevada is one of the most fun settings for a show ever -RRB- . I go see Rent and am transported to the top floor of a 40 story office building . This gets an extra star just for managing to cleverly depict the idiocy of the show on film . It 's so idiotic , it 's actually brilliant !
 Here 's why I love the Rent OBC/NYTW cast
 I fully understand how difficult it must be to adapt a stage musical/rock opera to work as a movie . If you did not see the stageshow , do n't bother watching this version as you will most probably hate it . But if you did see the show , you will in all probability be disappointed with the movie -LRB- but you wo n't necessarily hate it -RRB- . It was decided that the characters would speak more dialogue than in the stage version.I would have gone for wall to wall music and truly kept it a rock OPERA , because it just doesnt work anymore for a character to speak and then suddenly start singing . Not in this setup where they tried to be as `` real '' as possible . Even though they are a bit too old for their parts , I accepted the original cast members and respect them for originating the amazingly successful Broadway show . I just felt NO emotion while watching the movie , I was detached and watching the timer on my DVDplayer to see how many minutes were left . Completely the opposite of my experience in the theatre -LRB- I saw it in 1998 -RRB- . I know some devoted fans LOVE the film and I am glad they do - as we need to see more musicals on film . But after this movie I am sure the studios will think thrice before attempting another stage to screen movie musical . RENT was a gamble that did not pay off . And I am very sorry about it , as I WANTED it to work.There is a very insightful documentary on disc 2 -LRB- about the tragic story of Jonathan Larson , the creator of RENT -RRB- as well as some deleted scenes and even an alternative ending . I would have gone for that alternative ending by the way - as one of the most memorable moments in the theatre was when Angel came back on stage at the end -RRB-
 I really wanted to like this film . When learning that Chris Columbus was going to direct the play , I knew inherently the movie could not be as good as the play . The movie was unimaginative , boring , and forced . And while I liked the idea of casting the original members , they seemed too old for the parts , and even their voices seemed aged as compared to the original cast recording . Their voices lacked that youthful spunk . To equate AIDS , homosexuality , and drug addiction with Bohemian life is nonsense . These people had no art , no talent , no intellect.As a rock opera I think everything should have been sung like the play . Turning it into dialog made it laughable . And what is up with the side commitment ceremony scene between Joann and Maureen ? That was just plain crap . I will say though that the message was there and anyone who sees the movie will come away with the message of peace and love no matter who you are or your situation . But as far as artistic value , it lacked depth and I only have the writer and director to blame .
 I LOVED the stage version with the original cast - I saw the play in 1996 . AMAZING . Most of the actors were not Broadway performers , which added a sense of realism and urgency to the roles . However , this filmed version is so bland and boring it 's barely watchable . My biggest complaint is the direction - the staged version had energy and sass - the film drags along until you ca n't wait for it to be over . I wish there was a filmed version of the original cast circa 1996 . Avoid this movie .
 This movie will please any die hard Broadway musical fan . But this movie will not convert an average movie goer into liking a musical movie form . This movie dragged on and on . I 'd rather see this as a musical play . The songs are n't even catchy except the ballad song at the end of the movie . This is suppose to be a rated R movie but is rated PG-13 . The movie showed people dying of AIDS , lesbian relationships , actors freely talking about drugs and showing syringes , and a drag queen . And no i 'm no saint . I 'm liberal and gay but this movie should 've been a rated R movie . Come on . How corrupt is that . Horror movies are always getting axed for being rated R and getting a edited watered down PG-13 . But non-horror movies have alot of sexual suggestions , bad language -LRB- yes the S word and the F word -RRB- , and heavy violence but are rated PG-13 . The Bad News Bears 2005 remake had a lot of foul bad language coming out of the mouths of child actors but was still PG-13 ??? What the hell is going on with the movie industry ???!!!
 I rented this film after having listened to my high school students rave about how great it was , and boy , do I wish I had my money back . This very well could be the worst film I 've ever seen.First , the characters are detestable . They are angry at their former friend because he expects them to pay rent . Paying bills is what grownups do ... why do they feel they should be exempt ? Additionally , they are rude to everyone they meet . As a struggling college student , I worked many low-paying jobs in the service industry , and I was far more able to put myself in the employees ' shoes while watching the main characters trash a restaurant . Maybe if they were n't trying so hard to be shocking and provocative , they might have time to be happy -- or at the very least -- find a job and pay the rent . I 've experienced poverty firsthand , and it does n't look anything like what was portrayed in the film.Second , the writing was sophomoric . Many of the songs seemed like tuneless narration of the plot . I muttered `` You 've got to be kidding '' in reaction to the dialogue multiple times throughout the film and must admit that I fast-forwarded through a good portion of the songs . For instance , Rosario Dawson 's character is supposedly near death at one point , and her love interest sings , `` Do n't leave me alone with my guitar . '' Egad . A good musical has you humming the tunes long after you 've finished watching it , but I found all of these utterly forgettable.Third , the film is supposed to be set in 1989 . Anachronisms abound ! Only one character is dressed appropriately for the time period , but because he is the only one thus attired he just looks like the group 's unfashionable friend.If you want to see a meaningful film about AIDS , see Philadelphia . If you want to see a harrowing account of heroin addiction , see Trainspotting . If you want a heartbreaking tale of someone struggling with sexual identity , see Boys Do n't Cry . If you want characters attempting to claw their way out of poverty in search of stardom , see Hoop Dreams , Coal Miner 's Daughter , or if you 're very brave -- Requiem for a Dream . If you want an amazing love story that triumphs over adversity , see Walk the Line . This film attempts to address all these issues and fails miserably .
 Hi there , I have yet to receive the Rent DVD that I paid for . The last shipping date was noted April 21st , please advise.I have ordered from Amazon.com before but this is the first time I have not received what I purchased and I do n't know how to go about dealing with this . Thank you .
 By far the worst MOVIE ever . Horrific , terribly long and boring . Worst movie I 've ever seen , literally .
 I must confess that I have never seen the original theatre . I hear many avid fans praise the filmed version as well as the original . My impression is simply this ; `` why so long ? '' And `` why so annoying ? '' And most of all , why Chris Columbus?Or how about this - Why it took so long to make a filmed version ? They should have done it much earlier . Today the story of Bohemians in the East Village of New York City is no longer credible and attractive enough . NYC has changed a lot since the 1990s while the film seems unaware of that , resulting in the detached feeling . What was refreshing in 1996 is no longer so to most of us in 2005 . Of course , stage musical is a different thing , where you are directly invited to the world you are watching , and the actors ' pure energy with dynamic singing makes you forget the weakness of the setting and the plot . The key to the film adaptation is how to transfer the energy to the screen . John Cameron Mitchell knew it as in ` Hedwig and the Angry Inch ' which is a knock-out experience from the first to the end.But Columbus , whose CV includes ` Home Alone ' and ` Harry Potter , ' does n't seem to know it . Look at the number `` La Vie Boheme '' that is supposed to be a show-stopper . Sorry if you liked the piece , but to me the utterly offensive `` anthem '' is just rubbish . With the stereotyped images about artists , and worse , homosexuals , the scene is only useful in proving how the mainstream filmmakers look at the Bohemians and create these thin , clich&eacute;d characters on the screen . Do they really act like that on stage ? Or is this scene really supposed to be done like that?Among this faux Bohemian world , however , some actors manage to be real . Anthony Rapp is amazing , probably the only actor in the cast , who embodies a spirit of the rebellious Bohemian artist in the film . Rosario Dawson is seductive while dancing , and Taye Diggs is impressive -LRB- as always -RRB- as one former roommate with a more level-headed perspective . However , the rest of the film is about some good musical songs , many mediocre rock numbers -LRB- for which the original creator of the musical Jonathen Larsen is not responsible , I think -RRB- , and some not-so-great acting from the cast.The lengthy film remains mediocre from the beginning to the end , and that is the worst thing done to the material that is supposed to be unique and original , hymn to love and life .
 The movie version is dreadful and very very dated ~ some of the stars -LSB- male -RSB- resemble Ken dolls in their perfection - Idina Menzel - brilliant performer should sue - terrible cinematography - initially.Try Baz Luhrman 's ` Boheme ' - much better !!!
 How could they possibly eliminate the best song of the play -LRB- `` And it 's beginning to snow '' -RRB- from the movie , and claim the movie is a faithful reproduction of the play ? And since the movie did not add anything new , we can only conclude the movie is inferior to the play , by a song . A big song .
 I am still on a Rent strike
 Okay , full confession up front
 Sickening . Appallingly bad . Inept in every way . Horrible acting , singing , direction , photography , music . Stupid plot -LRB- a musical about AIDS !??? -RRB- . The worst film of all time.Why not a musical about starvation , or about torture , or about Anthrax?This film and the stage musical are insults to the intelligence.And those who marked this review as not helpful do n't know what ` helpful ' means .
 I saw the stage production of RENT several years ago and thought it was wonderful - one of the most heartfelt , daring and compelling Broadway musicals I had ever seen . I distinctly remember sitting in the theatre and thinking Act I was great and Act II was spectacular . I could n't wait to see a filmed version of this groundbreaking work.Well , what a HUGE disappointment . The film rendition of Johnathan Larson 's play was an anachronistic mess that at times seemed so syrupy sweet I thought I 'd need a massive dose of insulin ! It also felt oddly outdated , as if it was made 15 years too late . And , the oddest and most inexplicable thing of all is that some actors who appeared in both the stage and filmed versions of the work seemed miscast in the film , creating major credibility problems ! They actually made me feel uneasy because their characters had a comical edge that was definitely not intended . This was an odd phenomenon that led me to believe the problem with the film was its director . Chris Columbus , the captain of this sinking ship , was completely out of his league - he just did n't have the chops to give it the edginess or urgency that it deserved , and that really came through on stage . I am not of the school of thought that stage plays never translate well to film - just look at DEATH OF A SALESMAN , A STREETCAR NAMED DESIRE or musicals like WEST SIDE STORY , DAMN YANKEES , or BYE BYE BIRDIE . And one of my favorite musicals of all time did not originate as a stage play and was considered a brilliant example of the French New Wave - a work called THE UMBRELLAS OF CHERBOURG - that proved musicals could be intensely powerful . RENT , however , simply missed the mark . It was disjointed , unbearably long , way too politically correct and terribly dull . And I could swear Chris Columbus added material to the film not present in the original stage production that further weakened the potency of its story . So , in summation , this was an extremely unflattering filmed translation of an otherwise powerful statement on a particularly dark period in our history . Too bad ... I really wanted to like it .
 The actors do a more-or-less good job and appear quite dedicated to the project . Most of them sing pretty well with a notable exception of the headliners Diggs and Dawson - they 're painful and I wished they just lipsynced to someone with a voice.The movie , however , left me cold . What bugged me most is the Hollywood schmaltz laid thick all over what is purpotedly the late 80s ' NY . What was a gritty , sick , and extremely creative scene has been transformed out into cutesy entertainment . In this Starbucks version of late 80s East Village , junkies and AIDS sufferers feature cool clothes , perfect bodies , clear skin , and neat haircuts . Their suffering is largely outside the camera shot . Not only the whole farce felt cheap , it seemed to cheapen the experience of those who lived , died , and created on that scene .
 Having heard great things about the Broadway musical but having never seen it , my wife and I decided to watch the movie . Normally I like musicals , including Chicago , which again I saw as a movie instead of the Broadway musical . Rent , however , was a disappointment.It was very obvious that I was supposed to love the characters . It was a complete mystery WHY I was supposed to love the characters . Mark wo n't talk to his parents and , along with his roommate , lives in a HUGE studio apartment in NY that he has n't paid rent on in a year -LRB- ! -RRB- . He quits the one job he obtains because he has to work on `` his '' film . After one year has elapsed , `` his '' film is a ~ 5 minute clip of his friends . I could do that in two weeks while holding a full-time job . Yet , he is one of the `` good guys '' , whereas the friend who actually GOT a job and is trying to collect the rent -LRB- due for a year , remember -RRB- is evil . Huh?Most of the characters have something about them that could , under the right circumstances , elicit sympathy -LRB- AIDS , drug addictions , etc. -RRB- . However , the stories behind them are never told ; futhermore , the charcters generally celebrate the very lifestyle choices that got them into the unfortunate circumstances , becoming EXTREMELY self-righteous and preachy in the process . About halfway through the movie , I gave up on enjoying it , though I did continue watching . I just never felt anything like I was supposed to feel .
 I will start off by saying that I am a huge fan of musicals , including modern rock musicals , but I hate `` Rent '' -LRB- including the original play -RRB- . Trying to persuade me with desperate fan comments will be a waste of your time . The characters are not likable ; they are one dimensional , frivolous , and self-centered . Also the entire reason we are supposed to feel bad for them is because they have aids . Aids is a serious illness that should n't be made light of as it is in this horrible production . If you want to see a good play/movie about aids awareness , go see `` Angels in America '' instead . Furthermore the story line is slow moving and -LRB- obviously because of the weak characters -RRB- boring . However , if you 've never met a gay person or a stripper before and you think that aids is trendy and fun , this is the movie for you .
 I ca n't believe I wasted any time watching this movie . I 'm sure all the good reviews are from gays and lesbians , but not to say I am prejudice because I am a huge Rocky Horror Picture Show fan . I found it to be extremely lame and not very believable . Nothing that happened in this movie made any sense , and the songs in the movie were terrible because too often , they were very random . It was also too long and dragged on . Every minute I had to watch started to seem like a whole hour . Even my wife who is a huge fan of musicals in general found this film extremely distasteful and horrible . The fact that this movie is even selling outside of San Francisco is absolutely mind-boggling . Worst film ever made ! This film was just plain terrible , horrible , etc. . Do n't waste your time with this movie !
 Jonathan Larson was an incredible talent , as is evident in the stirring melodies he presented to us in `` Rent . '' However , this late-1980 's tale of struggling Bohemians is ultimately unsatisfying . Though a number of the characters must face grave difficulties , including addiction and AIDS , it is hard to feel for the `` struggle '' of those who are provided free residence and spend much of their time living irresponsibly . The turnabout of now having to owe and entire year 's rent is startling , but , on the other hand , I know very few people who have the luxury of living for free , or then simply deciding they will continue to live for free if the rules suddenly change . On top of this , more than a couple of comments suggest that life in New York ca n't possibly get more `` sh *** y '' than `` today '' -LRB- late 1980 's -RRB- , and it makes one wonder what our characters would have thought of a city being attacked by terrorists , destroying the World Trade Center and killing 3,000 people . With so much suffering going on in the world , it is hard to feel sorry for a group of Bohemians whose main concern is seeking some kind of fellowship as they lead a reckless -LRB- and often dangerous -RRB- lifestyle with no moral restrictions.Time is indeed precious , and I appreciate Jonathan Larson 's astonishing musical talent , but I would have preferred to spend these two hours with another set of characters . I have better things to do with my own 525,600 minutes .
 Disregarding all my love for Rent on stage , and all my respect for the actors , and yes , even my loathing of Chris Columbus ' directorial attempts , the movie just does n't work . Shots are so tediously placed to be `` artistic '' that it is distracting , and none of the actors really got their chance to show us their characters . There are some excellent parts -LRB- Santa Fe -RRB- and some terrible ones -LRB- What You Own Britney-style music video -RRB- but all in all it is mediochre . If you ca n't see the show on stage , see the movie . But do not judge the show by it . The experience is so different . I would n't recommend the movie to anybody unless they know that they will never get to see it on stage . It just feels flat and forced.Note how Roger and Mark throw their papers into the trash can to heat up their apartment . Then they grab hold of the aluminum can with their bare hands and toss the fire out the window . That is just something useless and distracting . The movie almost gets it right .
 Really ? This is why I shun nearly all musicals anymore . Sing what needs to be sung ; speak what needs to be said . And this might have been more enjoyable ... just maybe - if that had been the case . The songs were just awful to begin with . The forced rhymes and lyrical stupidity . The checklist of one of each type of expected broadway song . The bad bad acting . Idina Menzel baffles me . She is truly frightening to look at , like a shark in leather pants , and her voice 's nearest approximation would be a cat strangling itself . The whole story is as thin as onion skin and not one of the actor 's invests any energy into their character - the exception would be Angel . And not one of them made me care one iota . Bleh .
 * Firstly , I 'd like to state for the record , that I originally rated this item , 3 stars . Once I finished my review , I noticed that it was rated a 1 star . Unfortunately I could n't change it . Now , for my review.Considering the great '' bumps '' in the road , about filming a broadway play -LRB- especially a musical -RRB- , I think Chris Columbus 's film production of '' Rent '' , is a remarkable achievement . From translating the meduim to film , and editing what should stay in and out of the finalized product , is pure genius . Is there a cionsiderable difference in the play and the film ... YES . Will there be any missing momentum and energy lost in the play 's transition from stage to film ? ... YES . However , `` Rent '' , as a film , stands on it 's own merits and highlights enough of the characters and storyline , to give you the jist of the phenominal play . You 'll never get out of a film , what you get out of a play . Never ! However , much like the fantastic musicals such as '' Fame , Grease , Hair , and Little Shop of Horrors '' , the success , of this `` transferring of mediums '' is dependent upon teh storyteller -LRB- aka
 Although this musical makes some good points about life , liberty , etc. , the overall effect rather lacks in luster . Try as I might , I simply could n't see the so-called `` Bohemian spirit '' . Most of the song lyrics are flighty , and the characters perplexing . The plot is weak and difficult to follow - there 's a strangeness about the whole thing . Something key is missing ; there 's nothing to tie it all together . Plus , it 's pointlessly , erratically depressing in parts . I would strongly suggest one forget to rent `` Rent '' .
 I 've never seen the play and have never even heard of it before . I did see the preview for it and thought that the opening music was uplifting and held high hopes for this movie , at least enough to rent it.After seeing it , I should have just stuck with my visions of it from the preview , because that was the only good part of this film.I 've seen film adaptations of musicals fall short -LRB- except for Grease -RRB- and would be willing to go to the play to see if it was any better . But , if it is even remotely like the film , I will probably feel the same way .
 First off , I love Rent . Have the Broadway and German Cast soundtracks , I 've seen it on Broadway , and saw the movie several times in the theater . Great movie . But the UMD just flat out sucks . Believe it or not , there is NO CHAPTER SELECT option in the main menu . Wow . A musical UMD naturally ought to be separated into chapters that will let you easily go to the track you want to watch/listen , but that 's not possible without a chapter selection menu . Furthermore , the chapters are not bookmarked so that they start at the beginning of a song , which again , would make sense for a musical like Rent . Video and audio are good , but I would have just made my own MP4 video file if I knew that the UMD would be so lame , especially since Sony now allows video of full 480x272 resolution to be played from memory stick . Using PSP Video 9 , you can make videos that are of comparable quality but only 700mb-1gb in size -LRB- AVC video@768kbps, AAC audio@128kbps -RRB- that will play off your pro duo memory stick . And since the PSP now allows you to easily scene search by 1,2 , or 5 minute intervals , it is much easier to find the song you want to play on the pro duo than on this UMD . Bottom line , forget this UMD even though it is pretty cheap at thirteen dollars shipped .
 AIDS and homosexuality in the modern city of New York : pretty much reminds of the biblical Sodom and Gomorrah?Love there may be , but this is the way of death.That they are dying of AIDS / HIV virus passed on by blood in injectionsof illegal drugs and sexual contact pretty much tells them they have made a wrong turn?To write a musical rejoicing in that choiceis just worst than sad , and stupid , it is probably criminal.That beauty came out of this tragedy is amazing.Do I feel sorry for these people ; should I feel sorry for them?I do , but I probably should n't . This movie is about the worse social decay since ancient timesand it probably helped to further spread AIDS in New York .
 I went to new york for a drama field trip with my high school last year . Ofcourse , when you have a bunch of drama geeks in new york , the first thing you do is buy broadway tickets . For us , they were RENT tickets . Even with a couple of guys that flinched at the thought of a musical , every single one of us fell in love with the show . Naturally , when the movie came out , we all rushed to a theatre to see it . And i have to say ... THE MOVIE IS HORRIBLE . Was the director on crack while he shot this ? The movie completely ruins the magic of the show we saw on broadway . Do yourself a favor , do n't watch it . Everyone of us who saw the broadway show hates this movie .
 Everytime I see a commercial for RENT , I get the song `` Everybody Has AIDS '' from the RENT spoof in TEAM AMERICA stuck in my head . Anybody else ?
 The movie Rent is definitely a movie to see if your an adult . Its ' mature theme limits the wide audience . It was well done from the stand point of having the original cast , 6 months pre-production , boldness , electricifying performances , and punts . On the other hand , the movie lacked a sense of wholeness . Almost like following through a music video without any script . Even when script was added to it , they used punts , funny but not necessary . This is a serious theme of AIDS and 1990 's . I did n't even know that ATZ is a AIDS mediaction , until I thought about it . It was sort of vague , although , I did watch a film about aids and their incapable of paying rent . The end of the movie , made you wanted more ... to complete the movie 's message to take like everyday as today , not tomorrow . I think this rave on aids is more suited on broadway , not films .
 Boring , did n't care for the theme at all , basically crappy music , a failure in every aspect . I ca n't believe anyone could have the nerve to give this a five star rating . Sheesh .
 Okay , people who did n't like it
 I am astounded that people actually found this movie quote `` life-changing '' or went to the length of saying `` there 's only yes '' . To me , There is Only No . First of all , the obvious majority of the United States is not gay , so I 'm not sure why all these movies about the subject are coming out in spite of this . For me as a non-gay , I found myself feeling somewhat uncomfortable as I watched this movie . In addition to this , there were less than four appealing songs offered and the plot dragged on to a point where I seriously started to fall asleep . This film was also quite a stretch for a PG-13 rating with two F-bombs and other questionable things . I did n't even know this was a broadway musical when I saw it , nor did I even know it was a musical . I hate musicals very much , and this one set a new low for my hatred of them . Rent would have been just as bad without the musical factor , though , and when you combine all these awful factors you come out with a horrendous movie that I would preferably have to say is the worst I 've ever seen . Do n't bother to watch this.P.S . this was n't a kid 's review , I did n't want to do the whole sign-in drill .
 It 's about a group of ultra-libral , ultra-gay , ultra-poverty , useless , low-lifes who hate everything that does n't originate from the gutter and believe if everyone just sat around singing Kum-bay-ya and stuck needles in their arms while they have public homosexual sex the world would be a better place ... oh , and it 's all set to music ! 21/2 hours of depressing trash ... by the end of the movie I was hoping they all would jump off the building that they lived in and never pay RENT !
 This movie was nothing short of distastful and disgusting . There were children in the theatre for goodness sake ! The amount of sexuality and drug use portrayed in this film should have warrented AT LEAST an `` R '' rating ! If not `` X '' . We 're talking EXPLICIT strip club scenes , syringes , transvestites , heavy GRAPHIC drug usage , sexual situations , death , and VERY foul language.Adults can subject themselves at their own will , but children should NOT be allowed to see this in the theatres . I am sure many regretful parents have gotten out of their seats mid-film , to remove their now-scarred children from this hell-hole of a movie . They go in with the intention of educating their children both culturally and socially with a Broadway musical , and come away trying to explain how people can possibly justify such deranged behavior.I understand the value it holds in terms of awareness for AIDS education . The manner in which the storyline was performed , however , was a bit much . People should be able to know what they are getting themselves into when they purchase a movie ticket . Several co-workers of mine feel the same way . They had no idea what they were going to see in this movie . The previews and trailers were VERY misleading!This is Sodom and Gomorrah depicted on the big screen . Difficult topics are shoved in your face in a VERY disgusting manner .
 I love how much everyone likes to glorify being a starving artist . RENT makes it out to be like it 's the thing to do . They all whine and complain about being poor and starving , but do any of them ever get jobs ? The ones who live there -LRB- Mark and Roger -RRB- just sit on there asses all day , expecting handouts . My mom was a `` bohemian '' musician who , instead of getting a real job to support herself and her music career , thought that it was more important to `` express herself '' . If Mark wants to make a film and Roger wants to write a song , that 's okay , but get jobs while you do it . When Mark is offered the job for a tabloid news show , he thinks he 's `` selling out '' . Okay , if you want to make films and music but do n't want money for it and wo n't get a job , then stop complaining.Also , the characters who are even half-way cool -LRB- Roger , Mimi , Collins , and Angel -RRB- all have AIDS . However , Maureen , the biggest slut on Broadway who will sleep with anything with a pulse -LRB- hell , maybe even one of those weird puppet things used in the Lion King -RRB- has no STDs whatsoever.Whatever happened to the days of the regular vocal casting rules ? Where tenors and sopranos played your young lovers , basses/baritones played your fathers and villians , and altos/mezzos played your whores and mothers . There was n't a single bass or soprano in this movie . Broadway is slowly being taken over by pop singers who just whine at an alto level -LRB- both males and females -RRB- . Have some damn vocal variety . They either sound like pop/hip-hop singers or emo kids -LRB- especailly Mark.Even if I could give this zero stars , I still give it one because of Jesse L. Martin . That man has got the most vocal range I 've ever seen . Othere than that , the movie was pretentious as hell . IF you think that being a `` starving artist '' is cool , ask some real starving artists what they think . They will all tell you to go to college , and if you want to be an artist then study your art there , that way you can make a living at it.If you want to see a movie/musical , go see The Producers or get enough money to buy the rights to make Les Mis into a movie . I think this is showing how Broadway is slowly dying .
 I like operas , voice , stage design arts , orchestra , and custom ... I watched it because it suppose to be the modern version of La Boheme . The film was okay , I 'll say just about average , but it 's not something that I 'm going to watch again . If you like `` traditional '' style opeara , you wo n't like it much . Those of you who liked this film , go watch Franco Zeffirelli 's La Boheme , you 'll change your mind .
 `` Rent '' is the story of eight New Yorkers from Christmas Eve 1989 to Christmas Eve 1990 . Those New Yorkers include Mimi -LRB- Dawson -RRB- , a stripper who got HIV from sharing needles ; Tom Collins -LRB- Martin -RRB- , a gay man with HIV ; Angel -LRB- Heredia -RRB- , a transvestite with HIV ; Roger -LRB- Pascal -RRB- , a musician who also got HIV from sharing needles ; and Mark -LRB- Rapp -RRB- , a filmmaker who is trying to catch a break . When old friend Benny -LRB- Diggs -RRB- , the guy who owns the tenement that they all live in , threatens to evict them unless they start paying rent , they begin to worry about what the future holds for them . `` Rent '' is based on the popular musical of the same name and stars most of the original Broadway cast . That is probably the greatest thing I can say about this movie , and I applaud the filmmakers for getting the cast to reprise their roles . After all , they are the ones who made the characters what they are . The music is OK , the stand out song being `` Seasons of Love '' . Of course , that is the first song , and the rest of the songs are lesser in comparison , so it is all downhill song-wise from there . The story is maddening , as these lazy people struggle to live rent-free so that they can just enjoy life . While I appreciate their desire to enjoy the time they have , I hated the characters for doing it at the expense of others.I did not like this movie . I suppose to see it live is more impressive , and that may be enough to overshadow the dumb story , but that does not work in movie form . This is for die hard fans of the musical only . Otherwis , stay away !
 I have seen Rent live on stage a number of times . If you have n't then you probably wo n't understand what this is actually about . The film version does not show the audience the pure passion that the stage version shows . I was very disappointed .
 I saw Rent twice on stage and have the soundtrack memorized . I was excited to see it had come out on DVD as well ... until I watched it.Seeing it on stage was transcendent . This movie cut a bunch of the songs -LRB- time constraints ? -RRB- , cut many of the layers out of some songs that were kept -LRB- too hard to film on their budget ? -RRB- , and turned many lines that were sung in the original into spoken dialogue -LRB- wanted to make it a musical instead of a rock opera ? -RRB- , which felt awkward and flat.They also changed parts of the story . For example , in the stage version , April left a note to Roger saying the two of them had AIDS and slit her wrist in the bathroom ; in the film , he 's standing beside her as she gets her test results and we 're to assume she died of AIDS-related complications , which takes a lot of the punch out of Roger 's character . In the stage version , all of Act One happens on Christmas Eve ; in the film , it 's split up into two -LRB- or more ? -RRB- days for no apparent reason , which makes the lyrics of some later songs inaccurate . The conflict between Roger and Mark is entirely left out of the film.I think the film version still delivers an important message , but it lacks a lot of the artistry and power of the original . I see that a filmed-on-stage version is now available , which was n't the case when I bought this movie . I 'd highly suggest getting that instead .
 I 'm a sucker for musicals , I just love it when the characters sing their hearts out about their joys or troubles.But I could n't stand this musical . I did n't see the show , but from the movie , I 'd have no desire to . All but two of the characters are entirely incredibly self-centered , but we 're meant to pity them and their tragic plight ? Did I miss something ? Why do they think -LRB- as they sing in the opening number -RRB- that they should be exempt from paying rent like the rest of the world ? Why does the heroine think its acceptable for her to cheat on her loving , supportive life-partner at their commitment ceremony ? Some of the songs are catchy-ish , but the overall attitude of the characters grated through the whole thing . Yuck . AIDS awareness deserves a better musical .
 Lots of crying and cry singing ... Not what I thought it was but the storyline is about the only thing that kept me from not reselling it .
 It is hard to recreate a live show and the director did not try to do that . I have seen Rent several times when it was still on tour and this movie does not come close to doing the story any justice . The movie took out a few numbers and changed the context of some of the story . It seems to drag on at times , which is disappointing . It is nice to see several members from the original cast , but event hey ca n't make this a great buy . I think the &#34; Live &#34; version is a much better purchase .
 In terms of both format and style - and despite its superficially modernist tendencies - `` Rent '' has its roots firmly planted in the grand old operatic tradition . Yet , it suffers from the weakness common to most modern musicals in which the characters sing virtually nonstop throughout the entire production - which is that it makes it hard for the audience to connect with the characters . In more traditional musicals , the long stretches of spoken exposition between song-and-dance sequences serve as an opportunity for the audience to get to know the characters as recognizable , flesh-and-blood human beings . This is less of a problem with a florid romantic fantasy like `` Phantom of the Opera , '' which seems a natural for this type of approach , but with material like `` Rent , '' which is small in scale and intimate in scope , the constant singing serves as a distancing device for the audience . I know that this play -LRB- and , perhaps now , even the movie -RRB- has generated a passionately loyal fan base who considers `` Rent '' practically sacrosanct and therefore beyond criticism , but to someone , like myself , coming cold to the work , `` Rent '' adds up to much less than the sum of its parts.The story , a modern day update of `` La Boheme '' set in Greenwich Village , starts on Christmas Eve , 1989 , and ends on Christmas Eve , 1990 . This was at the height of the AIDS epidemic , and , indeed , many of the film 's characters - primarily gay men and former junkies - are struggling with the disease -LRB- AIDS being the modern equivalent of the consumption used in the original story -RRB- . There 's also a wheezy subplot involving a real estate company that wants to evict the starving artists -LRB- one is tempted to call them `` deadbeats '' -RRB- from a building in order to further their diabolical scheme of re-developing a city block . `` Rent '' - with its noble `` performance artists '' doing battle against the Big Bad Corporate Bullies - feels less like a relic from the ` 80 's than one from the ` 60 's . Though intended to be the heroes of the piece , the artists and bohemians often come across as nave , painfully self-absorbed , and annoyingly self-righteous , an attitude epitomized by one of the characters rigging a local ATM machine so that his buddies can withdraw unlimited amounts of money from it using his dead boyfriend 's name -LRB- the heavily allegorical `` Angel '' -RRB- as the password -LRB- this is somehow supposed to be seen as admirable and a tribute to the spirit of the dead man -RRB- . Anything ` s better than actually working , I suppose , and becoming a tool of corporate America . When one of the men finally takes a dreaded `` job '' -LRB- a mere sinecure , I might add -RRB- so that he can actually pay the rent he owes -LRB- horrors ! -RRB- , he acts as if he is selling his soul to Satan , and has to have two of his lady friends accompany him to the interview for moral support and to offer him assurances that he will still be able to live with himself even after he has soiled his hands with the dirty mammon from an honest-to-God paycheck . I wonder why it never occurs to any of these characters that the capitalist system they loathe so deeply is also helping to produce drugs that will one day lead to a possible cure for the disease that afflicts them.With the exception of newcomer Rosario Dawson , the filmmakers have retained most of the original Broadway cast members for the movie , and even though their acting is n't all that impressive , some of them do very well indeed at singing and dancing . In his direction , Chris Columbus has broken away from the confines of the original production , but he never manages to bring us into the world of the people we 're watching . Despite the constantly tracking - sometimes even spinning - camera he has chosen to employ , the film still feels stagy , over-stylized and artificial in almost every scene.As to the libretto by the late Jonathon Larsen , only one tune strikes me as truly memorable , while the rest all sound like repetitive musical doodling . One of the problems , too , with having so much of the conversation sung rather than spoken is that the lines are sometimes so utilitarian , pedestrian and prosaic - when they are n't pseudo-intellectual drivel on the order of `` the opposite of war is n't peace ; it 's creation '' - that they become unintentionally funny when set to music . It 's not for nothing that the Sharks and the Jets did n't actually sing out most of their confrontations.There are , admittedly , some very moving passages in the last half hour of the film as the disease finally begins taking its grim toll on several of the characters , but those moments of quality are completely undercut by one of the silliest copout endings I have ever seen in a motion picture . In that one crucial moment , the movie descends to the level of low comedy and farce , taking any pretensions to seriousness right down the drain with it.I do n`t question for a moment the basic humanity and sincerity of the people responsible for `` Rent '' -LRB- or of its many devoted followers -RRB- , but it ` s hard to get too worked up over a story whose premise seems to be that people - especially `` sensitive '' artists - should be allowed to live on other people ` s properties for free .
 To behold this musical on a NYC stage is an unforettable experience and I went and saw it four times . But to see it on film is a totally flat experience . It just does n't work on the screen for me . Although you 've got a top talented cast , the incredible energy and electricity that bolted across the stage are nowhere to be found here.The musical is a nitty , gritty story based in dank , scroungy Village surroundings , filled with nitty gritty people living on the edge . Since I lived in NYC for 30 years , I instantly felt at home with this hidden world that the average person ca n't imagine . But to spend two hours in a movie theater , watching this dank , depressing story unfold , is a dark experience . The musical numbers all seem forced . The people are n't very likable . They 're all too dramatic and intense for one 's comfort zone and the reason the movie bombed , is that middle America probably could n't understand why the people in this movie just did n't pay the damned rent -- and avoid all the drama and problems!This movie did very well in large cities where there were people who could identify with this bonhemian story of tragedy and AIDs . But even for someone like myself who is very familiar with this world , which takes place in the Village , where I lived , it 's a dour , depressing experience with very little to feel upbeat about.I could n't sympathize with the druggies and the prosties nor did any of the musical numbers electrify . They should have gotten a fresh , new cast for the movie version and opened it up more from the dark , always damp , world that enfolds this film treatment .
 The trouble with Rent is that most people see it for the surface plot , and take it as a musical about people with AIDS . In fact , for some of the most die-hard fans , it took a few listens and years of letting the lyrics sink in to understand the message behind the story . It 's not a musical about AIDS ; it 's a musical about people learning to live life in the moment -- live for today -- and find happiness instead of dwelling in regret and indecision . Any artist knows this feeling , and that 's perhaps why so many fans are other struggling artists while people who are `` mainstream '' or professional do n't find a connection with the story or its characters.While the character relationships are inspired by the characters in La Boheme , the lyrics and the heart of this story are rooted in social issues that its creator dealt with ; in struggling for his art , for his career , and while watching many of the people around him die . Today we live in a society where having AIDS is n't so much of a death sentence with the proper care and medication ... but in 1989 , the first generations who had contracted it earlier and were now reaching the end of their lifespan were dealing with a much different life , involving a lot of confusion , fear , and regret . The point is not that all of these people have AIDS ; if you actually take the time to hear the words as a message and a lesson to learn , what you receive is very profound and eye-opening . In fact , only 4 of the 8 main characters are ill . No one complained that La Boheme , the world 's most beloved opera , was about a bunch of people complaining about the plague ; perhaps because it 's easier to listen to people dwell on something we 're not afraid of anymore . AIDS makes people uncomfortable.Contrary to the opinions of some viewers who feel that the costumes and sets and characters are cliche and almost caricature in nature ... perhaps these people do n't LIVE the life depicted in the musical . After all , shows like Jesus Christ Superstar are just as ridiculous to me because of my religious beliefs -- or lack thereof -- and so one ca n't expect me to share the same appreciation for something I do n't understand . However , the people who do adore the musical will tell you that they also dressed that way and lived that way and that we are NOT caricatures to be made fun of . I DID dress like that . I WAS stared at by those who were conservative ... but there are two kinds of audiences
 This was really hard to get through . Around the 48 minute point , the urge to turn off the movie became evident and did not leave throughout the whole movie . Rent is set at the East Village of New York City in the late 1980 's . The film , adapted from the Broadway show of the same title , follows a group of bohemian artists through their journey of trying to produce the art that they love , yet still be able to have enough money to pay the rent of their respective Penthouses . Apparently , 90 % of people that live in New York City have AIDS , or so that is what you are led to believe by this film . Rent tries to grab the bull by the horns and produce a film that touches upon the issues that city dwellers are plagued with . Here are some reasons why it fails to do so . `` Rent '' the film , tries way too hard to replicate `` Rent '' the play , and fails miserably . Many of the original cast members of the stage return to act their roles in the film . The result is a slew of lackluster performances . These actors who are not used to the cameras so close because of the separation they have from the audience on stage seem unemotional and undetermined to make their roles believable . Or maybe it 's because when they are on stage they are more diligent on the acting side , but with the audience replaced by a camera , maybe their heart is n't in the role as much as it usually is when they are amongst the people in the crowd . For whichever reason it is , the acting did n't deliver nearly as effectively as it does when seen live on stage.The musical numbers were sang well and conducted correctly , but yet again the lackluster demeanor of the cast makes the music mediocre at best . When you see the Broadway performance of Rent , the personalities of the actors seem a lot more real . With the separation between you and your TV screen , you realize that the songs are not even as great as you thought they were . The magic of seeing a Broadway show is the relationship that you feel with the actors . There is a certain chemistry that lives in the electricity that the actors emit while on stage . On the big screen , the audience is extremely emotionally detached from the cast , which is very quick to disappoint.I really think the movie could of worked if it had n't of focused so much on trying to be the play . Director Chris Columbus tries way to hard to keep the spirit of the stage show , yet produces a sloppy production with a ton of continuity . People appear at scenes to participate in musical numbers , then reappear in the next scene , but at a different setting . The corniness of the film becomes evident when everyone in the streets start singing along with the main actors . Ok ... it 's a musical ... we get it.In no way does this film represent the stage production of Rent . In fact , the stage production is one of the best and most popular since classics as Cats and Ms. Saigon . The film feels like a parody of the play . It is quite disheartening that this movie was made because now the reputation of Rent will always be linked with this movie . I can not ethically recommend this film , but I can recommend sticking with the play . In fact , I highly recommend the play . As for the movie ? Do n't waste your money . And if you must , then rent with caution ... no pun intended ... well maybe a little .2 / 5
 Maybe a four or five star video for intermediate to advanced students , but definitely not for beginners .
 I got sucked into this mess from seeing the trailer some time ago . From the trailer I at least expected a real shocker -- the gore goes by so quickly you could n't even enjoy it . The only shocking thing was how tame and just downright stupid the whole thing was from beginning to end . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS ONE !
 I thought that Death Spa was a alltogether cheezy horror flick . The acting was not great , along with the special effects.The only notable thing about this film is the nude and always ditzy women . A local spa has numerous unexplained deaths and freak accidents . Nobody knows who it is until the end , at a Mardi Grai party . Better off watching ERASERHEAD .
 everything is bad in this movie also look for guest appereances by the mi
 I just wanted a quick gore fix , but DAMN this is dumb
 I have been a fan of this movie for many yearss and was excited when I found it on Amazon . Unfortunately , the quality of the print is average to poor , and the movie has been edited for language -LRB- at least -RRB- with periodic gaps in the dialog . There was no mention in the description that it was an edited version and that is a big disappointment . The movie is still great fun , but would have liked to had all the movie , and with a much better video quality .
 I loved Roger Moore in the Saint and the Persauders.He was good as Bond . I liked most of the movies he ` smade but this is n't one . It had Ray Milland that Ilike and Braford Dillman so I figured it was good.The production is cheap and the quality is n't goodso that made it hard to watch . It 's more of a lovestory than a ripoff movie . I found it hard to watch.Moore is great as always you can tell he put his effortinto it but it did n't work . Maybe better quality dvdwould help cause it was n't boring . I ca n't recommend.buy the Persauders tv series with Tony Curtis ! GREAT !
 We purchased this set of `` Our Gang '' DVD 's hoping that it would be a fairly comprehensive compilation.We were disappointed.Unfortunately many of the shorts are repeated on the DVD 's . So rather than getting a different episode each time you get the same episodes -LRB- but in different sequence -RRB- on different discs . This is what I would call a RIP-OFF . When 8 discs of episodes are advertised as a set , they ought to be 8 discs of DIFFERENT episodes.There are other disappointments associated with the purchase of this set . There are no episodes with Miss McGillicutty . As well , the episodes chosen tend to be fairly violent.All in all , this is a disappointing compilation of a much loved series .
 I actually bought this from Walmart for $ 5 and even so , I still would not buy it if I knew that they put `` Platinum Disc Corporation '' in the lower right corner of the picture as you are watching it . It 's bad enough when you watch TV now that they ruin the picture with all their stupid messages , but to have it on a DVD also is unacceptable to me .
 Hal Roache 's Our Gang is great and its hard to go wrong with them . The problem with this DVD is the selections . They made Our Gang Episodes for 22 years and some are great and some are not . On this DVD they seemed to just sort of thrown 3 episodes on the disc . Bear Shooters is okay but a little slow and its not my favorite period for that cast.The guy in the monkey suite reminds me more of Gilligans Islands the anything . Our Gang Follies of 1938 is n't bad but there are long singing scenes that are just boring . It gets better when Alph Alpha starts rockin out though with Buchwhet leading the band . School 's Out has its moments . Farina is funny and all as is Wheezer . But its just not as good as other Our Gang episodes like Pups Is Pups.The other problem is that each Episode has its own Menue . It kinda -LSB- stinks -RSB- to have three seperate menues when you can just have one . I would n't recommend starting off your Our Gang DVD collection with his DVD . Its okay if you allready have others though .
 I wanted to like `` Prime Time '' -LRB- also known as `` American Raspberry '' -RRB- , generally being a fan of sketch comedy movies . This film will get compared to `` Kentucky Fried Movie '' for good reason . Most fans of the genre will think that `` Kentucky Fried Movie '' was pretty entertaining , while `` Prime Time '' was just offensive , derivative , and stupid . The film also seems to have drawn inspiration in some ways from the brilliant `` Dr. Strangelove '' , which I even hate to mention in a review of this squalid heap.Technically the transfer is really dark , so dark it 's hard to see the action sometimes . To add to the general malaise it features an absolutely terrible musical score . The plot boils down to this
 you will save yourself lots of aggravation and some money . the quality is horrible . sound is muffled and picture is dark and very very grainy . as far as the movie , it sounds alot better than it is . its not worth wasting your time . go get An Innocent man , with Tom sellick you 'll enjoy that one alot better then this trash .
 It was dark and cloudy at times . Not the greatest buy . I am very disappointed . Can I return for a refund ?
 What they mean is that it was recorded on to dvd from whatever garbage source material they had . It was only `` digitaly transfered '' . The color was horribly red . A simple filter to boost the blue and green would have helped . Also the contrast was wayy over the top.I know for a fact that there is a better version of this movie out there because I saw it on cable -LRB- possibly encore or turner classic movies ? -RRB- a few years ago.I only got this for the lovely Quinn Oharra pool scene which I remember quite well.Not sure if the grind house dvd that has that other movie on it is a different version or not . Doubt it .
 In the Year 2889 should have been called In the Year 1967 because it does not rise beyond the year it was released . The script has more love/sex subplots than a soap opera and holes big enough to drive trucks through . The acting sometimes rises above a B-movie but the script seldom allows much opportunity . Unfortunately , it is not a good , bad sci-fi film or so ridiculous as to be entertaining.Allegedly , there are some mutant zombies created by radioactive fallout from atomic bombs dropped on Japan . For some unexplained reason the zombies are congregating around a house in the United States . And , just to make things interesting , the zombies can not live if touched by regular water , especially rain . Somehow they have managed to avoid rain for years or decades until the fateful day at the end of this film.I doubt you will remember this movie more than two hours after watching and certainly will not have an epiphany from the experience . If I could , I would have given the film 2.5 stars but not 3 stars . It may entertain you but there are many other bad sci-fi films that are far more enjoyable .
 it took more than 2 weeks to receive the product . it did not arrive before Christmas as advertised . i was very disappointed .
 It seems as if it came out of the late 50 's early 60 's French existentialist movement ; discordant -LRB- annoying -RRB- musical sounds , repeated to emphasize one-knows-not
 `` H&eacute;las pour moi '' est un mauvais film , Godard lui-mme le reconnat . Mais enfin , comment le critiquer , avoir les mots face &agrave; lui et face aux autres , qui &eacute;jaculent &agrave; son simple nom . Peut-tre juste une image , une voix et une posture . Celle du Dieu godardien , qui rappelle les faux dieux du film et de la s&eacute;rie `` Stargate ''
 The video actually says it teaches your dog how to get you a tissue . The instructions lasted about 40 seconds by Renee sitting in a chair telling you to use the `` get it '' command , `` bring it command '' whenever you sneeze . There was no step by step instructions of any type ; just her telling you to do it.Don ' t waste your hard earned cash by blowing it away with this video . I wish I could return it because I am so unsatisfied . There is much more detailed and free information on clicker/trick training on the internet .
 This was a real waste of money . I was so disappointed hoping to see some real unusal stuff . There was really only one trick which explained the progression but it was all just basic stuff . I was not amazed AT ALL ... . Do n't waste your money
 An ABC News VIDEO , Hosted by Forrest Saywer of DAY ONE , A video version of We Were Soldiers Once And Young which is 25 % Fiction and should ` nt be considerd as history . ABC News takes Jack P. Smith -LRB- coward at LZ ALBANY and of the Vietnam war accoording to the uniform code of military Justice art. 99 -RRB- , of ABC News and Host of ABC NEWS VIDEO `` VIETNAM The Soldiers Story `` Which volume one `` AMBUSH ! THE BATTLE OF THE IA DRANG is a take off of Saywers `` They Were Young and Brave '' and Galloways and Col.Moores `` We Were Soldiers Once And Young '' . Smith does correct some of the mistakes from `` They Were Young and Brave '' BUT !! not all of them . , Galloway -LRB- plegerist -RRB- at U.S.News and World Report and Col.Moore -LRB- had no knowledge of airmobile tatics -RRB- the Battalion Commander of the 1 Battalion 7 cavalry 1 cavalry Division Airmobile , and a select group of veterans back to the battle field of LZ XRAY NOV 14,1965 , LZ ALBANY 17 NOV 1965 . The video a collection of shorts of the 10000 Day War , and Vietnam TV History , video shot during the trip and combat film shot after 5:00 pm when the team arrived at X-RAY . Saywer -LRB- Who caught malira during the trip -RRB- and ABC News trying to bolster Day Ones rating aired `` They Were Young and Brave '' on Jan 10,1994 and June 29,1995 of 1 Hour each , `` Prime Time '' . THINGS WRONG Helicopter being shot down . Helicopter is from village war and the PAVN gunner is from TET , The rest of the mistakes Quoated by Saywer the corrections are Taken from We Were Soldiers Once and young so I 'll put the page and number . Col. Moore did ` nt call in the BROKEN ARROW code , The FAC LT. Charlie W. Hastings did . Page 7 and 149 . The lost Platoon wase ` nt rescued in the morning but in the afternoon at 3:00 pm by Tully 's 2/5 , Page 174 . The combat film team did ` nt get to X-Ray until 5:00 PM they came in with B company of the 2/7 , Capt. Forrest of the 1/5 did ` nt fly in the day before , They walked in with McDades 2/7 . on the way to LZ Abany . The 2 PAVN captured at LZ Albany were ARMED not unarmed page 225 , Jack P. Smiths story dose ` nt match his orignal story from the Saturday Evening Post Jan 28,1967 page 263 when he is used as a sand bag , Smith changed his story when he spoke at the Wall becouse any veteran there would know he was lying.From the post page 82 3rd coloum bottom of page SMITH '' His feet were by my head and his head WAS BETWEEN MY FEET !!!! as you see the hot rounds coulnt hit him in the back !! . BY SP/4 RUSSELL L. ROSS D TROOP 2/7 garry owen -LRB- RECON PLATOON -RRB- loneranger32 , B company 1/511 inf airborne 11 AirAssualt test 90mm Recoilless Rifle antitank gunner , B company 2/8 1st cavalry division Airmobile , the 511 became the 2/8
 What a waste of talent and my time . I wish I would 've known this movie sucked this bad , and I would n't have wasted my money or gas going to get it out of the redbox !!!! Great cast , but the movie lacked quality and it was jumping all over the place .
 Do n't waste your money , even if your a fan of some of the great performers that this movie has , its a total flop . To each its own ... but really ?
 This was one of those movies that never exactly held my attention . I figured out the plot way ahead of time because it reminds me of the movie Preacher 's Kid but with less singing and not as much of a plot . Waste of time !
 I found this movie to be dull and slow paced . I expected more music , especially involving Whitney Houston . I was very disappointed .
 the movie is boring.it plays well , just boring.i donated it to someone.and they didnt like it themselves . i prefer tyler perry movies .
 I can not rate this DVD for the fact that I never received it . Please have someone track this down for me and I would glad to rate and share a review .
 The movie was all over the place . If it were n't for some of the big name then the movie would have been a flop . Not the best movie but the last 10 minutes started to come together . Would not buy again .
 Please dont waste your time watching this movie . It was horrible . First thing first , Lyn Whitfield was amazing , even though she appeared to lip sync her sermons . Patti can sing her face off ... PERIOD !! . Ciara on the other hand . Ciara , Ciara Ciara , where do i even start . Lets start with the fact that she cant act at all . Couple that witht the fact that she spoke and sang like a 12 year old the entire movie , yes even after she `` made it '' . They could have chosen any number of truly talented singers to play this roll . Paris Bennett , who sang one of the track `` I will '' for example . The story line was all over the place , with no consistancy or follow through . The viewer is left to guess what happened to get them to where they were . Overall it had the potential , to be great and casting someone other than Ciara as the lead would have been a step in the right direction . Just my opinion
 I was excited to watch this movie . . Since Ciara 's record sales has been declining with each release ... I thought maybe acting would do the trick ... Ummm No !! I wo n't be too hard on her because this is her first starring role in a straight to dvd movie . . The Script - WEAK !! The Acting - WEAK !! -LRB- Exceptions
 My mother took me to see the original stage play Mama I Want To Sing back in the 80 's when I was about 9 or 10 . She introduced me to the arts at a very early age . So , I was thrilled to see that the play was being remade into movie form because it is such a special time from my childhood . Well this remake sucks royally . The director/producer deviated from the original script so much . The only thing that is remotely close to the original stage play is the lead character played by Ciara wanted to sing secular music and her mother did not want her to . This remake unlike Dreamgirl 's which did a wonderful job of respecting the original script , is a tragedy . This film was way too modernized for my taste . I do give the producer/director credit for having good actors however , there was n't much they could do with such a crappy script . I also give them credit for including Deleon Richards at the end , who played Doris Winters in the original play . And if I 'm not mistaken , I believe D'Atra Hicks , Deleon 's understudy also had a cameo . Overall , if you have ever seen the original do n't waste your time . If you have not seen the original and you think this movie will give you a good glimpse into what the play was like ... Do n't waste your time !!!
 There are great actors in this movie but this was not the film for them . This was a waste of my money and energy . A major disappointment I must say . I cant believe how bad it was ...
 This has to be the worst movie I have seen in a very , very long time . The movie wastes such great talent , especially Patti LaBelle and Paris Bennett . It was amazing that seasoned actors such as Ben Vereen and Lynn Whitfield , both actors I respect , played cardboard characters that did not propel the movie or the plot.Ciara was as interesting as a dial tone . I take that back . A dial tone would have been more rivetting . Ciara has to be the most poorly cast member of this movie , and that is tragic considering that she is the lead . Her acting -LRB- if you wish to call it that -RRB- might as well have been phoned in . I tried to give this movie a chance , and I watched it from beginning to end . And that was as poor a choice as putting this film on celluloid .
 I rented this movie from Redbox and the $ 1.20 I paid was too much . About 20 minutes in my boyfriend and I could n't take it anymore . Ciara has clearly never acted before and the plot was terrible . Plus , how is the worst singer in the movie the lead -- someone explain that one.If you proceed with purchasing this movie , the disappointment is your own fault . You 've been warned !
 Horrible acting , horrible movie , no real storyline , no substance ; I should 've listened to my co-workers warnings to avoid this movie . I will never get the hour and a half I wasted back .
 This movie was terrible ! The acting sounded like a first rehearsal . When I heard a few years ago that the movie was in production , I was surprised that Ciara was chosen as lead . Her voice is not strong enough for the songs . But then I expected the movie was following the script of the stage play . Wrong ! The only comparison of this movie to the play was Desiree Coleman , the original Doris Troy , singing `` Not Created to Fall . '' Ciara , though easy on the eyes , is no actress . Maybe she acted in plays in her hometown of Riverdale , Ga. , but her performance would not cut it in any performing arts high school . Now I understand why this movie went straight to DVD . The storyline was weak . Even though Vy Higgenson , the writer of the stage play , was in the movie , I ca n't understand why she green lighted this project . Watch this movie on tv . Save your rental money !
 The movie was all over the place ... . It was just horrible . They had too many plots going on and none of them seemed to follow through on their supposed intent . I was highly disappointed .
 Did n't care for this movie very much . It was rater slow moving and so-so acting . Somewhat of a disappointment . I 've certainly seen better Lynn Whitfield . This , in my opinion was a waste of her talent . Also , Patti LaBelle had very little to do .
 I ca n't believe I watched the whole thing ! There are movies that are so bad that they are actually good ... well this ai n't one of them ! These celebs reached an all time low signing on for this garbage . Clint Howard , poor , poor Clint , Ron if you are reading this ... get him a real acting gig ! The acting , story , script , and sountrack are so horrible that it comparison made `` Showgirls '' look pretty darn good ! How sad to see such people as Olivia Hussey and Jan Micheal Vincent reduced to such garbage ! The special effects I must admit were fairly good , but totally twisted . This movie is so pathetic that the movie `` slip cover '' refers to actor David Naughton as Haughton ... now that 's bad !
 Do n't be fooled by the title because this is a dark comedy about a psychotic ice cream man that kills and puts body parts in his ice cream and sells it to neighborhood kids.Clint Howard gives a creepy performance as the ice cream man and the movie is sometimes funny like the scene where a cop is eating the ice cream and there 's a eyeball in it and the other scene where Howard puts two cops heads on ice cream cones and searches for the kids and pretends there puppets.The movie is a low budget B-movie with bloody special effects and bad acting.Not bad or good just average.Worth the rental but not to buy .
 There were a few really good scenes , however , they were very very few and even farther between . It 's not worth buying , perhaps renting if you 're in the mood to MST3K a movie . The worst shame was seeing Olivia DeHussey of Romeo and Juliet fame sink to an all-time low as the Nurse . She was way too overtalented for this movie .
 This is not a fun movie to watch in any way . Not as a horror movie , not to poke fun at how BAD it is or in any other way . It is one of the worst viewing experiences I have had . There is nothing to commend in this and it should be destroyed , all copies , as soon as possible .
 After reading the other reviews I was shocked to discover that these actors have an acting carrer outside of this movie , since this is the vehicle that crash-drives your carrer smack into the side of a 400-ft . mountain and leaves you there . While there were some good scenes , there were not many of them , and it 's just not worth buying unless you are a die-hard fan of B movies . Did like the McCauley Culkin look-alike -LRB- Small Paul -RRB- , though .
 Sort of a cross between Disney TV and a teen slasher flick , `` The Ice Cream Man '' , would be a distasteful mock horror film if it were n't so crudely made and badly acted . Clint Howard as the title character does nothing to elevate this from the waste pile .
 I rented this movie two years ago cause as always i am interested in updating my dvd collection.So I rented the Ice Cream Man to see if it was worth a buy and i could not stand it at all . I found the plot , acting setting , and scares to be really lame.So basically this ice cream man is a deranged lunatic that abducts kids from there neiborhoods and brings them to his ice cream place . I dont remember much from this film cause it was so bad but what i do remember did n't impress me at all there was only one good actor in this film the guy that plays the ice cream man and one plus to a moviedoes n't save it . i think that this movie Ice cream man is too big of a let down and you wont get your ' e time back if you see this film like me so i dontRecommend this film to anybody other then fans of lets just say unique films .
 A high-school kid could make up a better story . Watch out for the Liger ! Part Lion part Tiger
 `` Ice Cream Man '' is not scary ... it 's not funny ... it 's just plain STUPID . You know , I do n't have a problem with an ice cream man that turns into a homicidal maniac ... that 's not a bad idea . But , they made a joke of this movie . The acting is horrible and the movie sucked to no end .
 this video is so boreing to even watch -LSB- ... -RSB- First of all I never heard of this movie . . so I thought it looked cool and then I bought it . Boy was I wrong ... . The PICTURE of this movie was horribal . I had to stand by the TRACKING button to keep the picture ok , the sound of it was very bad also . The 85 minutes of this movie drags on . It seems like its a 3 hour movie that has NO interesting parts at all . My tip is if you bought this movie ... then SMASH it with a axe , burn it , then dump the ashes into a fish tank and let the fish eat it !! Dont make a mistake of buying this movie or even renting it . Its not worth the time and the money .
 Not made for young children!Remember Clint Howard when he was the boy who had a pet grizzly bear `` Gentle Ben '' -LRB- 1967-69 -RRB- ? Once in a while you will see Clint in one of his brother 's -LRB- Ron Howard -RRB- movies . He also appeared in BLACKWOODS -LRB- 2002 -RRB- . In this low-budget film , Clint Howard is `` The Ice Cream Man '' . Not the first , but of many horror films Mr. Howard has had the pleasure to be in . `` Ice Cream Man '' -LRB- 1994 -RRB- is made as a ludicrous comedy and includes a well-known cast of actors
 Sorry Clint this movie is bad once again bad
 I ca n't believe I watched the whole thing ! There are movies that are so bad that they are actually good ... well this ai n't one of them ! These celebs reached an all time low when they signed on for this garbage . Clint Howard , poor , poor , Clint Howard , Ron if you are reading this ... get your brother a real acting gig ! The acting , story , script , and sountrack are so horrible that in comparison made `` Showgirls '' look pretty darn good ! How sad to see people like Olivia Hussey and Jan Micheal Vincent reduced to such slime . The effects , I must admit were fairly good , yet totally twisted . This movie is so pathetic that the movie `` slip cover '' refers to actor David Naughton as Haughton ... now that 's bad ! Trust me , you will look at ice cream very differently after watching this gem !
 This is a really bad horror film , but in the way that it is funny to watch when you 're with a group of people because it is so bad . It 's not like `` Nail Gun Massacre '' or horror films like that that make you gag whenever you hear the title . And what 's with the names in this film
 Quite honestly , this looked like somebody had taken a video camera , and videotaped this movie while it was being played from a VCR . It was absolutely terrible . I was very disappointed .
 This DVD version of The Borrowers has NOT been digitally remastered , no matter what they say on the cover . It is simply a out and out lie . The color is horrible and the film is extremely grainy . I would still recommend it because it is the only `` classic '' version available . I 'm looking forward to the longer -LRB- and better -RRB- version with Ian Holm to be released on DVD .
 Why this is called `` digitally remastered '' I 'll never know . Both the sound and the picture were just plain bad . The price is right , but you certainly get what you pay for with this dvd . There 's a novel idea called `` truth in advertising '' , and this dvd is not advertised truthfully .
 Borrowers -LRB- 1973 -RRB- This product was mailed and delivered promptly , as agreed by the seller . However , the product itself was terrible . I did n't like this one at all . There was absolutely no substance to the story line . Even the version starring John Goodman was better than this one.When comparing the one starring Eddie Albert to the version starring Ian Holm , THERE IS NO COMPARISON . The one with Ian Holm was excellent family viewing , and as an adult , I even view it alone . I love it .
 I agree with the other reviewers . This is one of the worst prints I have ever seen on DVD . There are three crisp clear pictures from the film on the back of the case . Unfortunately you will never see anything like that in the video . The colors are muddy and muted throughout the film.This is all a sad thing because it is a classic film from Hallmark Hall of Fame and deserves a much better presentation than what it got from `` Digivew Products '' I would suggest avoiding anything with their name on it . I know I will . And unless you REALLY want this film , I can not suggest you buy it in it 's current form .
 I have liked this movie from the time I was little so was really excited when Amazon had it . When it came in the male , though , the excitement was for nothing . The sound quality and picture on this DVD are the worst I have ever seen . I never watched it again after the first time .
 The instruction , instructor , and class are all OK , upbeat and good models . However , I was prepared for an hour of yoga , and maybe a second routine for the next day . The DVD has only one , 1/2 hour routine . It would have cost them very little to add another one or two 1/2 hour lessons to the tape . I feel seriously gypped and taken advantage of.For the $ 20 price you can get a lot more . I recommend `` Yoga for Caregivers '' . It has many more poses , several lessons , is 140 minutes long , is safe and gentle , is effective , and costs under $ 10 on Amazon .
 If you 're one of these sad youngsters who just ca n't abide watching a black & white film , then I guess this one 's for you . Otherwise , there 's no reason in the world to choose this over the far superior Peter Brook version .
 When Golding wrote Lord of the Flies it was an instant classic . This movie is a very cheap imitation of that masterpiece . The acting is very bad and the plot cuts out many of the subtle nuances from the book . The utter inhumanity and brutality that were present in the book do not come across as well in the movie . The worst part about this movie was the fact that it changed the `` beast '' from human nature into an adult who wanders into a cave and dies . It gets a star because of the amazing camera shots . Buy the book and if you already have read it , then do n't get this movie .
 I had just recently read the book , and I was amazed at how the 90s terribly derranged the story with much more gore . If you really want to see the right movie for this book , watch the older version filmed in Black and White to give the story that dark effect .
 This film is completly stupid compared to the book , its as if they concentrated mainly on the gore and swearing , when they do n't manage to get the main point across about the darkness of a man 's heart . If I were you , i would buy the older version , it makes it much more real . .
 The movie of Lord Of The Flies was a cheap interpretation of the novel by William Golding . Harry Hook 's idea on what some pieces of the novel were that some had no significance . When in fact they had other meanings and which showed a completely different story . I believe that when they created the movie he number one did n't know about what had made this book so famous , number two he did n't read the book , and number three he did n't know about the symbolism.The novel was on one side is about how they group of Boys get stuck on a deserted island and separate each other ; on the other hand though the island they were stuck on was a symbol for the world and how the evil was taking over the world . In the movie it only showed the Boys getting stuck on the island , they also took some parts out to show that better and less of the symbolism . In doing this they destroyed the part of the novel that was great , and changed the story line.Despite destroying the storyline , the actors did an OK job and could have done better . These kids come from a military school then as soon they 're on the island they start cursing , then showing a rapid change to evil . In some emotional points in the movie they showed very little emotion , or were very serious . For instance they before they find the an accordion from no where they were both crying about the killing of Simon , Ralph did not show a lot of emotion in his crying .
 The 1990 film , `` Lord of the Flies '' is a suppossed out-take on William Golding 's novel . However director Harry Cook did n't keep to the original dialogue or concept . It is almost as though Hook had n't read the book since grade school and wrote the movie from what he had remembered . He threw the idea of the young men being english right out the window and adapted new characters whom were Military Academy boys . It begins with the boys struggling after a plane crash and trying to swim for their lives in the ocean when a large raft rises to the surface of the water and rescues them . They float until they reach a jungle island where they leave the raft on the beach shore . Now that was Hook 's first mistake , why did n't they just use the raft to fo find safety ? Well , I guess that was too logical . The movie does not keep to the original dialogue either . In fact , the impact of the character Simon is completely erased when Hook decided to crop more than half of his lines . The scene with Simon talking to the boars head which is where the title , `` Lord of the Flies '' actually comes from is not even in this version . The most amusing part of the movie is the fact that there is an adult on the island ! The strongest point made by Golding in his novel was that there were NO adults . What was Hook thinking when directing this film I have no idea but , if Golding was alive today I 'm sure he 'd be upset by the way his novel was poorly portrayed . `` Lord of the Flies '' the 1990 version does not even come close to the book . I would not recommend this flick to anyone . Especially children , considering the fact that it uses foul language . The 1963 version is more direct and on point . Classic books should not be remade into films unless they are and exact take off of the original . This film was disturbing , upsetting , ludicrous , faulty , and distasteful . If you have already made the mistake of watching the movie and have not read the novel , do yourself a favor and pick up a copy of William Golding 's novel today !
 I was really looking forward to this movie simply because the book was amazing . Was I ever wrong . This has to be the worst acting I have ever seen in a movie . I felt like I was watching a play . The plot was also non-relevent since it only lightly touched on the main points it needed to keep the story going . Then to top it all off , it 's not ships in the distance , but helicopters ? A truly classic novel . The movie ? You 'd be better off watching a junior high play based on the novel .
 The film Lord of the Flies , was a make off of the novel Lord of the Flies by William Golding . It is a different take on the book than I had being that it was totally different from the book.The film had many faults , if the directors were trying to make it like the book . To start the film off they had everyone crash into the water , and all of the boys were together , which is not at all how the book starts . To continue this contrast of plots , they came to the island by raft , which suddenly disappears , when it should n't have been there in the first place . The boys they carried the body of a pilot , also non-existent in the book and he reappears repeatedly through out the movie . The time of the story takes place in the mid 20th century of the novel and in the film it takes place in a time of MTV , Alf and digital watches.This film is a horrible depiction of the novel Lord of the Flies and I do not recommend it if you are trying to skip out on reading the book . You will be totally lost in class and it is a complete waste of time , unless you 're up for a good laugh . But as far as films go , it was amusing for those who are easily entertained . The book however intrigues you and leaves room for the facts of the book to grow in your imagination , not made up effects .
 I have no problem with Amazon.com , you are great to order with . My problem is with -LSB- ... -RSB- . I will never order anything from them and advise you to take them off Amazon.com . I orderd the DVD from them on the 19th of November and paid extra for expidited shipping to receive it in 2-3 business days . I did not receive the DVD until the 29th of November . It was needed for a school project on the 24th of November . In the mean time we had to call around to different Libraries to find it and found it 30 miles away . It was inconvenient , paid almost $ 12.00 for DVD and expidited shipping and recieved it after the fact . When I tried to return it , there is no information regarding return , and no number to call moviemars . So now I have a DVD of Lord of the Flies that I do not need at this time . I went to Amazon.com thinking that you would have a reliable source to order the movie from and it is very unfortunate that you have -LSB- ... -RSB- listed as one of your sources . Please Take Them Off so no one else experiences this problem !!!!!!
 This movie was very offensive . I purchased it as a supplement to the book to use in my classroom . However , the language and the graphic displays made it unusable . I took it home to watch with my husband and was left with a horrible feeling . This movie should never have been made .
 How do you turn a book as visceral and gut-wrenching as the Lord of the Flies and turn it into Hollywood mush ? If you want the answer to that question , watch this movie . Otherwise , do n't bother . The acting is not exactly Haley Joel Osment quality , the scenes of savagery are played down IMO so they lose some of their horrific nature , and some of the dialogue and scenes are dumbed down.One area where this movie does get it right is the sets and the cinematography . The stunningly beautiful scenery does provide a nice offset to the action on screen . Leave it to Hollywood to get the look right -- enough to suck you in with a great trailer -- yet fail to deliver the goods .
 Many find this movie to be chilling , but I found it to be incredibly shallow . The ending seemed so fake , and the acting is just terrible throughout . I felt like I was watching a B-rate horror movie . I highly recommend the book instead .
 Not compatible in USA equipment . Be aware of what you purchase from other countries . Understand the fine print to prevent from making a Big mistake buying outside USA . I will never purchase from another country again !!! It costs more to send item back than worth and there is nothing you can do about it . Buyers beware .
 i was tutoring a high school freshman this past summer in reading `` lord of the flies . '' i wanted to find a video that would be a good visual to enhance his comprehension . after viewing this 1990 version , i almost returned it . this movie is so far off the actual plot . the kids are shown to be caring for a wounded adult at the beginning of the movie ; there are NO adults on the island in the book . so the plot is a bit distorted for this version . plus there is alot of unnecessary bad language used throughout the movie . i ended up keeping it for myself , and ordered my student the 1960 version , which is 99 % accurate and a much better depiction of what the book entails .
 this movie was terrible . it missed the whole point of the book . the beast is the inner evil in all of us . they did n't even call it a beast in this one . whats up with the pilot being there . The boys also did n't know each other in the novel . the novel is post wwII , unlike this movie .
 Whether William Golding deserved Nobel Prize or not is still a debatable point , but it is true that he wrote one marvelous book , and its name is ` Lord of the Flies . ' But let 's not talk about the differences between the book and the film for a while - because after all no one I am afraid can bring the multi-layered world of words onto the screen . Even those who loved the 1963 version would admit that . You can interpret the meaning of ` Lord of the Flies ' but who can really visualize it , or the imaginary conversations of Simon for that matter?The biggest problem of Harry Hook 's new version is not the changes done to the film . The boys are American military school cadets , using dirty words frequently , but those parts did n't annoy me much . Real problem is something more essential to the film , which is storytelling . In short the 1990 film does n't know what it wants to be . On the film 's video cover you can read -LRB- and I quote -RRB- ` this stunning adventure explores the deep dark corner of the human soul . '' Well , not exactly.For as adventure story it lacks pace ; the film always feels rushed and often needs better editing . As allegory it needs more distinctive personalities for each character . The conflict between Ralph and Jack should be clearer , and Piggy 's role should be more than that of a whining fat boy . And do n't forget Simon , who sees things , it is true , but definitely not those things that the film actually shows us.It is a pity that the cinematography is so beautiful . It could have been a perfect backdrop against which dark allegorical survival story would develop , opposite of optimistic tales of Jules Verne 's adventure stories . By watching this film you can follow the story of the book , but find no tension or thought-provoking words in it.Balthazar Getty 's feature film debut . And Lewis M. Allen , one of the producers of the film , had also produced Peter Brook version in 1963 .
 This movie was horrible , I would give it a 0 if I could , it surely does n't deserve a 1 . To begin with the boys were American , there was no separation of the boys who where and were n't in the choir , there was no surviving pilot , and most importantly all of the major metaphors where left out . Even the Lord of the Flies was entirely erased from the movie , the subject that the book is titled after has been left out ! That 's just totally unacceptable . The beast , which was just as important to the meaning of the book as the Lord of the Flies , was totally changed . The pilot -LRB- who should n't be there to begin with -RRB- was the beast and after the boys found him , that was it , the beast was gone . Imagine what Sir William Golding thought of it ...
 This movie was terribly far off of the content of the book . All symbols in the book were ignored , the boys were American rather than British , and the time period seemed modern rather than post-WWII . Major symbolic events in the book were either left out or glossed over . In the book it seemed that the boys were there for several months , but this movie seemed to last only a couple weeks . There was also a lot of profanity . If you are wanting to buy this movie to show to students when they read the book -- do n't . It 's not a good addition to the unit . Show the 1963 version instead .
 I did n't realise that this movie was a pedophile movie . The boys ran around in their underwear for most of the movie .
 It 's refreshing to see back in the 90 's people were not so stereo typical and actually allowed a bunch of boys to run around 3/4 naked on an island , without all the fundies getting there panties in a bunch . It 's to bad in todays society we ca n't all relax and chill on thing 's government is trying to stop porn have you looked at you tube lately there 's plenty of it to go about . But I stray from the movie . After having to be forced to read the book like so many other english lit students . I find the director strayed way to far from what the movie should be and turned it into more of a Peter Pan and the lost boys , minus Wendy , though I guess you could say Ralph makes a good Wendy . I read another reveiw about the sunrise and sunset scene in the movie , at the same tree , on the same cliff . It could have been much better if I could give it no stars I would . I doubt a group of boys getting stranded on and island would be swimming within the first couple days , as to the trauma of their plight . I also do n't think it covers any form of reality book or movie wise . But it 's mostly just a fun movie to watch . I also see a lot of things like survival taking a back seat to the reality of what real survival is considering I am a trained survivalist by the S.A.S. as well as S.F. . If you are looking for the real lord of the flies get the 1963 version it 's closer to the book , but read the book since neither movie captures the book 's spirit . And even on a tropical island nobody would be running around in their underwear especially at night when temps can drop and vary greatly . So all in all a bit over kill .
 Was looking for a DVD to play for my high school class who is reading this book . The DVD description did not mention that it was not zoned for the United States . After going through a huge hassle with returning the last DVD I bought , I think I am stuck with this one .
 this has to be by far the worst movie i have ever seen . very slow but when there was action ... it was very depressing .
 This is the second filming of a book almost universally hated by English students.Anyone who did n't like the book will have even less to like about this . This 1990s remake of `` The Lord of the Flies '' is a travesty of the original novel . Very little of William Golding 's message -LRB- the fragile barrier that separates humanity from animalism -RRB- appears in the film . Apart from the title , the story is almost unrecognizable.I agree with other people about the `` Hollywood '' treatment of an English classic . It makes me wonder what Hollywood would do with a remake of `` 1984 '' . Jean-Claude Van Damme as Winston Smith , perhaps ? Sandra Bullock as Julia?The only really good thing about the film is the photography . The kids looked like savages behind the face paint , but the American accents were a distraction . One of the distinctive aspects about the novel was its `` Englishness '' , and the obsession with hierarchy . The Peter Brook version was much better in that respect.If `` Lord of the Flies '' had to be remade , it should have been more faithful to the book by putting stronger emphasis on those things that made the book so disturbing
 I read the novel three times in my life . Once when I was about ten , then in high school , then again as an adult . When I was ten I saw it as more an adventure story . When in high school , it was more the battle over good and evil . As an adult I read it and saw it as how man -LRB- not boys -RRB- are truly towards eachother.Then I saw the movies -LRB- both -RRB- Even though the first movie had its flaws -LRB- Simon seeing the pig head as the lord of the flies , but in the movie the skull never seems to speek to him as it does in the book -RRB- it was a better representation of the novel.In the American version when the boys are dancing around the fire as little savages the main detractor is what they are wearing ... Boys underwear with cartoons and pictures . It made it more humorous than shocking . -LRB- humorous because many parents let thier young sons at this age walk around home in this ` form ' of dress -RRB- It would have been better if they just had their wornout and ripped pants . This would have shown thier fall into savagary better , like the first movie did . The main reason is it shows they are growing out of what they had known and it is wearing and tearing away.The Rivalry between Ralph and Jack is very different , they seem to agree too much then split apart too quickly ... no build up to the separation of the boysThe character of Simon in this version was only a very minor part . Even though the book has him learning who the real ` Beast ' is ... them.As is usual for a novel turned Movie ... READ THE BOOK
 I bought this to present to an ESY class after they got very excited over the book . However , as soon as purchased it , and read the back I knew I was in for it . I decided to try it anyways.First off , why do the kids need to be Americanized ? Also , why do they also have to be from a military school ? And why does the director basically destroy every impressive portion of the book ? Did the director even have a desire to put events in order?I 'm assuming he made all the kids American because he thought this would relate better to middle-aged kids . I 'm also not really sure what ALF has to do with the book , yet somehow the tv show about an alien finds its way into the script . To be even more impressive , glow sticks / light sabers -LRB- and Rambo -RRB- found their way into this script , too.One could vaguely see the reasoning behind making the students from military school , but that has very little to do with the book again . Perhaps the director was trying to establish a chain of command before they are put on the island.So far , there 's been next-to no mention of Samneric , no Percival Wemys Madison , no Beast from Water , no Beast from Air , and there 's been an assassinated chameleon . I was excited to see how a movie would handle the scene with Simon and the Lord of the Flies but was let down immensely . The great conflict between Ralph and Jack is awful at best and the dichotomy of Jack and Piggy being the devil and angel , respectively , on Ralph 's shoulders is not even touched upon . Actually , Jack 's actor and his nominal acting ability is annoying . These characters just are n't believable . It 's hard to take this movie seriously when Jack defects from Ralph 's leadership within thirty minutes of the start . What could be a great study in book / movie differences for a middle school or high school class is removed by the amount of cursing in this movie . I do n't mind cursing every once in a while , but the cursing in this movie ca n't even come off well . Ralph does n't even say , `` Sucks to your ass-mar . `` I advise you to save your money with this movie . Read the book and see what decent writing is all about . Luckily I got this movie locally and did n't waste money on shipping . Needless to say I wo n't be showing this awful rendition to students . I feel they 'll laugh at it more than I am and ultimately lose them for good on a great book .
 I saw this film many years ago and I enjoyed it because I was a teenager and liked Balthazar Getty . Typical , eh ? I was prompted to read the novel , and found the story good but ultimately frightening , especially Simon talking with `` the Lord of the Flies . '' I thought it was very weird that this was not in the film since I saw it as the most important part of the story.Balthazar Getty is so-so -LRB- this was his first film , I think -RRB- in his performance as Ralph , but the other actors -LRB- mostly unknowns who never appeared in any other films , with good reason -RRB- fell way short . I was however , still affected by some scenes after viewing the film on Bravo a few weeks ago . It had been years since I 'd seen it , and nice to view it with a different perspective . I advise `` baltysgirl '' below to do the same . I understand the enthusiasm for the film , but this whole story is based on something far more profound than a guy 's `` pretty face . '' If you defend its flaws and excessive foul language etc. with that much gusto and also claim to be `` balty 's girl '' , it leads others to suspect you 've missed the point . Be honest with yourself . If Balty was n't in it , would you adore it that much?The best actor in the film I think was Badge Dale as Simon , but I am partial to the Simon character so I could be biased . I thought Chris Furrh -LRB- who was , strangely enough in a TV movie made just after this one called `` Exile '' -- about a group of young people stranded on a deserted island who eventually become savages complete with warpaint and spears -RRB- overacted his way through LOTF and seemed more annoying than evil.Piggy -LRB- Daniel somebody -RRB- was annoying as well . I agree with the other reviewer who said Piggy was too blubbery and all . I just did n't really feel like the actor believed HE was on this island with this action happening . He did n't seem genuine enough in his performance.When movies are made from books we know they wo n't be perfectly accurate , but to take out or change the parts of the story that make it a good story is just ridiculous , and that is what happened here . We lost the entire social commentary , we lost the depth of thought , and we lost the chance to look closer and walk away with something substantial.All we got was a couple of hours of nice scenery , pleasant music , and a bit of action . I must add that the last sequence was very well played out and Getty finally pulled out the talent we should have seen throughout the film .
 It just does n't convey the deeper meaning of William Golding 's novel Lord of the Flies . The use of the pilot as the `` Beast '' was one of the worst things . The Beast was supposed to have started gradually , elavating in form and terror . The other major difference that caught my eye was the fact that Simon never has his episode with `` The Lord of the Flies '' , which , by the way , literally translates to `` devil '' . This part of the story is the most symbolic , and deep part of the author 's message . In closing , the acting was done well , but they should have stuck more to the book 's actual scenes .
 I saw the premiere of this film in 1990 , writing a review for my college radio station . I had been fond of the novel in high school and had looked forward to what I had hoped would be an effective update of the true-to-the-text but somewhat shoddily produced 1963 version . While I was impressed with the rich color photography and Philippe Sarde musical score , and the story does get closer to the novel toward the end , there are serious thematic and character flaws in this `` updated '' version of Golding 's classic.The only character that seems to be on-target is Badgett Dale 's Simon , whose pensive look and gentle voice portray the character 's spiritual , Christ-like qualities . Balthazar Getty 's Ralph is appropriately noble , but his voice is too shrill to command the respect that he does in the novel . Where the film really trips up is in its portrayals of Jack -LRB- Chris Furrh -RRB- and Piggy -LRB- Danuel Pipoly -RRB- . In the novel , Jack is a choirboy , top of his class , which lends great poignancy and irony to his transformation and descent into brutal demagoguery and bloodlust as he succumbs to his monstrous , overpowering id ; here , he 's presented as a juvenile delinquent , sent to military school for allegedly stealing a car , so he seems pre-disposed to this sort of behavior and his actions carry less resonance . Golding 's Piggy , despite his physical limitations , is practical , logical and thoughtful , but also proud and defiant ; he never once sheds a tear even as he is ridiculed , bullied , belittled , even physically assaulted by Jack and others . Pipoly portrays him here as a sanctimonious crybaby , preaching practicality in a whiny tone , quite unconvincingly , and blubbering like an infant when his glasses are broken ; I actually heard audience members cheer when Roger dropped the rock on him . That the film misses the mark so widely on two of the tale 's most important characters is unfortunate and really works to its detriment.The central flaw in the film , however , the crux of its literary shortcomings , is in its treatment of Golding 's most powerful and important symbol
 What a terrible movie . The dialogue was terrible , the direction was terrible , the acting was terrible . Harry Hook should not have wasted my time with this remake . The motivation for the childrens ' savagery was not explored nor was the identity of the ` Lord of the Flies ' in this film version.Go to Peter Brook 's 1963 original version . It 's in B/W but so what ?
 When I read this novel , I was n't thrilled with it , but it is definitely worth reading . I was excited to see the movie , but I was very disappointed afterwards . The movie barely stays true to the book , and there are ridiculous added scenes . Intense events in the book are totally omitted ... . If you plan on seeing this movie , go straight to the sixties version . It is MUCH better . Although , I guess that maybe the point of the movie was n't really to stay so true to the book , but if that is n't what you are looking for , go for the sixties version . If you do see this version , make sure you read the book first . It will make no sense to you if you have n't read the book first . No matter which version you choose , Good luck !
 Seeing the 1960 version of the film actually prompted me to read the novel . Upon finishing that I thought that seeing the `` modern '' version would tie the package up nicely . Boy , was I wrong . Watching this version only angered me . The basic premise of the book was that these boys were alone and scared even when they tried to be as civilalized as possible . The boys in this film act as if nothing was even wrong at times . The biggest disapointment is the lost of the `` fear of the beast . '' Reading the book -LRB- or even watching the 1960 version -RRB- you get a real feeling of fear surrounding the beast . You actually fear the beast . This film only mentions that fear in passing . Gone are the terror filled nights with the `` littuns '' screaming in the dark , afraid of what might be out there . Also gone is the dramtic conversation in which Simon -LRB- our `` good and pure '' character -RRB- meets the Lord of the Flies . This is a MAJOR part in the novel , but is only seen for about 1.5 seconds in this movie . There are other things of course which will just bother you also , the swearing , the changing of names , the changing of ages , etc. . . About the only thing this movie really has going for it is the beautiful slow motion scenes-the first `` tribe dance '' and the `` hunting of ralph '' - are breathtaking scenes . If anything , see the movie for that . So this movie is in color as opposed to the black and white . For this film the added color does n't make up for its lack of content . Get the older version .
 I love the book . I 've read it many times . However , I see VERY little of the book in this movie . It just never grabbed my attention , much less hold my interest.Read the book . Avoid this movie , unless you have a feebie card from Blockbuster Video or somewhere .
 This newer version of the movie really is ` nt something you will enjoy watching . Practically the whole movie is different from the book , they have added alot of things that the book does ` nt even talk about . Like the pilot characther I do n't remember reading about the boys taking care of him . I also noticed that in the book the boys are wearing their ripped up school uniforms , and in the movie they are all in their underware . I thought this was going to be a good movie but it turned out to be really lame and boring . I was also surprised to see that the boys from the movie were more like american boys , were ` nt they suppose to have atleast a little english accent . I believe that the characthers that shared most of the qualities of the books characthers were the twins samneric , only because they usually do n't say anything and their really twins , I also think that Piggy 's characther really did the part he is very similar to the piggy I read about in the book . Simon was another well played characther he 's very peacefuland quiet and does ` nt say much to the others . Another interesting thing was how they ate their first pig . In the novel it tells you that Jack and his crew hunted it and in the movie it just gets caught up in a storm and it 's already dead.By reading some of the other reviews on this site I think I 'm going to go rent the older version of the movie it sound more exciting even though it 's in black and white.-Johanna
 The film , Lord of the Flies , was an interesting portrayal of the original book by William Golding . And by interesting , I mean bad . Sure , I give them some credit for trying ... but they failed ... miserably.There were some similarities . There were a bunch of boys on a deserted island , they got there due to a plane crash , they were mostly pure evil , and the characters stayed the same . Piggy was fat , Jack was the devil , Sam n ' Eric were twins , Ralph was Ralph , and Simon was an outcast , but that 's as close as they come.Unfortunately , if you 're watching the movie so you do n't have to read the book , the differences out weigh the similarities . First of all , in the book , THERE 'S NO PILOT ! And come on - in the movie they have a raft . You ca n't be stranded on an island if you have a raft . Third of all , the book takes place forty years earlier than the movie . So I guess now the boys must have found a TIME MACHINE on the island ... that was sarcasm . Glow sticks , they have glow sticks ... it 's like Gilligan 's Island meets a rave.The movie would have been better if it had taken place in the fifties , the pilot never existed , and if they had just followed the story . I mean , they must have read the book , why not just stick with it . It would have been a better movie if I had never read the book , BUT I DID , oh the sorrow ... my mind tainted by someone else 's opinion ... oh the pain . But in the end it was worth seeing because Piggy 's death was humorous and the movie itself may help the people with no imagination .
 While watching Lord of the Flies the 1990 's edition I thought many things . I thought back on the book and tried to remember all of the things that went on to see if they had fit with the movie . I thought while watching this movie that things from the original movie in the 1960 's was much better . This movie gave a general idea of what went on in the book , but was not everything that it should have been.In this movie the kids ended up some how having a raft when they got to the island . In the book the plane had crashed but these kids did not have a raft . The kids having a raft kind of defeated the whole purpose of being on the island . The raft could have been used to get them off the island . So there was no point of giving them a raft where as in the story they had nothing.Also in the movie there was no choir . This makes everything seem to be different . The choir in the book shows that Jack was a leader . In the movie it shows nothing of this sort . It just shows that Jack thinks that he is better and can take over . Which is nothing like the movie . The choir in the book shows the reasons why Jack thinks that he should be the leader due to him leading them through the choir.I also think that the movie has way too much fowl language in it . These little kids that go to this private school should not talk like this . They are young and it was totally uncalled for that they kept using it throughout the whole movie . So if kids want to watch this movie I would not prefer it . I think that they should have stuck with the topics of the book rather than making it work as if it were happening today.This movie was more funny to me because everything was so outrageous that it was funny . If you need to learn from the movie I would more advise to watch the 1960 's version of it . This movie would have not helped me at all if I needed it to . So I rate it a two and no more than that . The two is more likely for effort not the movie .
 William Golding 's The Lord of the Flies was adapted into many films . The 1990 movie version of the novel , though it retained the same title , did not retain many important elements of the novel . The novel The Lord of the Flies had many importnat symbols throughout the book that made the story a commentary rather than mere evetertainment . The conch shell , in the novel , symbolized order in society , and its destruction in the end of the novel symbolizes the destruction of the order in that society . The movie version completely twists this symbolism . The conch is n't found until a short while after they are on the island , when , in the novel , the conch is found almost immediatly after Piggy and Rlaph meet . The discovery of the conch had to be delayed becayse , unlike in the novel , the all land on the island together ... IN A RAFT . In the novel , the conch calls all the boys together , but in the movie , this is n't necessary due to the fact that they met in THE RAFT after the plane crash . There were many characters that did n't exsist in the novel , but did in the movie verison . Piggy , a majorly symbolic character in the novel , was downright annoying in the movie . Piggy was no long the voice of reason , but not is so annoying that you ca n't even listen to the kid . The movie , independant of the novel , was very weak . Characters were not properly defined . I had a difficult time understanding who was who . Conflicts were difficult to define until the conflict was almost resolved , thus losing valuable content of the movie . The only aspect that the movie kept from the novel is a bunch of guys stuck on an island . The best thing to do for the novie is to change the title , because it 's obvious that the movie does n't do the novel justice . They had a raft and matches ... Cmon !
 First , let me ask you , why did they make this film ? I know why because they had nothing else better to do but rip apart a classic novel . The film is Lord of the Flies , written by William Golding . It is a modern remake of his classic novel . The novel , The Lord of the Flies , is about several boys being stranded on a desert island after their plane is shot down during World War II . They try to establish order , but ca n't without any adults . They separate into two different groups in which two people eventually die . A naval officer rescues them at the end . Lets start out by saying there was no real connections to the novel in the film except a few . If you 've read the book then you will know what I am talking about . In the film , Simon was stabbed to death and that 's it . The only thing they could get right was a murder . You can see the differences in the beginning . You 're trapped on a desert island , and you had an inflatable raft . In the original story , it two boys walking out of the jungle talking . Another major difference would be an adult still being alive until the middle of the story . The whole story line was supposed to be several boys trapped on an island with no adults , meaning no order . That adult was supposed to be dead and not even shown in the story . This film is a horrible remake of a beautiful novel . It takes today 's genre and kills all meaning that William Golding was trying to express or say . I 'm not saying this film is n't entertaining , it is but if you want to learn about the Lord of the Flies without reading the book , do not watch this film . And oh yeah who 's Tony ?
 Teachers , if you are looking for a reasonable movie version of the book to show to your students
 Surely there was no reason for the changes that were made to this screenplay from the book itself - the book is slim / exact / and requires no modification or accomodation . The char . of Piggy is spot-on ; Ralph is a bit stiff ; Jack is way too young to be Jack ; the constant f-this and f-that speeches ; and the flight captain coming in on the beach with them from the start was a sure sign that the creator of the film was about to take artistic license - there were no bonus features , but I could imagine one of those smarmy voices
 if anyone has read the book the lord of the flies , and enjoyed it so much they wanted to get this movie version
 This is less a review than it is a warning . This `` Lord of the Flies '' is a shabby version of the classic novel , shorn of all the original 's power . The filmmakers made a crucial error in transforming the cast from English private schoolboys to American military schoolers - this enables the audience to comfortably distance themselves from the events by putting the onus of evil militarism on the boys . William Golding 's novel was more about the universality of our evil impulses ; therefore its message went much deeper.But this is typical of lazy Hollywood productions . Only the simplest ideas remain and only shallow beliefs can be tolerated . So here we have a `` Lord of the Flies '' as an indictment of militarism , rather than a harsh look at how easily even the most civilized among us can be reduced by our basic primativistic impulses to savagery . This is part of the human condition , an unfortunate one.Also missing is the novel 's sequence where Christ-symbol Simon has his hallucinagenic conversation with the rotten pig 's head and his subsequent epiphany . I suppose the filmmakers were too afraid of the metaphysical aspects of the story . So why bother to make it at all ? It frightens me to think some well-meaning English lit teacher might be showing this to a class in some high school somewhere.The acting here is subpar , and its central failure to think things through or take the novel 's hard lessons to heart results in a tacky , weak-kneed movie . Not worth the time . But if you must see a movie version of this book - check out the 1963 version . It 's a bit crude and the acting varies wildly in quality but it remains the best and most faithful version .
 Not true to the book . Details are in modern times such as the kids missing tv . Theme is correct but the rest is not credible for someone who has read the book . A helicopter rescues the kids in the end , instead of a war ship is just one example . Scenery and costumes are believable . Some of the goriest detalis are left out . OK for younger kids who would not be allowed to read the book .
 This DVD would not play on DVD machines in the USA . It is the wrong region . It would work in Africa and the Middle East . I was very disappointed and had to send it back .
 I was very disapointed by the DVD . I 've been actually unable to watch it because it lierally `` froze '' in my DVD player . I contacted Bullmoose music but they never replied . So , very disapointing experience . Thanks to Amazon . ca , my credit card was credited . Thank you Amazon . I will never buy anything again that comes from Bullmoose music . Thanks again Amazon . Andr&eacute;e
 The film Lord of the Flies , was a make off of the novel Lord of the Flies by William Golding . It is a different take on the book than I had being that it was totally different from the book.The film had many faults , if the directors were trying to make it like the book . To start the film off they had everyone crash into the water , and all of the boys were together , which is not at all how the book starts . To continue this contrast of plots , they came to the island by raft , which suddenly disappears , when it should n't have been there in the first place . The boys they carried the body of a pilot , also non-existent in the book and he reappears repeatedly through out the movie . The time of the story takes place in the mid 20th century of the novel and in the film it takes place in a time of MTV , Alf and digital watches.This film is a horrible depiction of the novel Lord of the Flies and I do not recommend it if you are trying to skip out on reading the book . You will be totally lost in class and it is a complete waste of time , unless you 're up for a good laugh . But as far as films go , it was amusing for those who are easily entertained . The book however intrigues you and leaves room for the facts of the book to grow in your imagination , not made up effects .
 This movie truly disterbed me . I was horrified by it . It was probably a wonderful movie for those who look at the deeper side of it and the symbolism , but I found myself sitting in my history class trying not to cry . Many people probably appreciate this movie . I thought it might be good for me to say how I feel about the movie so I can stop thinking about it . I was bothered by this movie -LRB- I know I 've said this -RRB- . When Piggy died my classroom burst out laughing while I fought back tears . I do n't recomend this movie to someone sensitive , like me . I saw this movie before I really understould it . In other words , teenagers , read the book first . I do n't ever want to see this movie again .
 This movie is so radically different than the book that it 's almost fraud to use the same title.Simon , a major character in the book , hardly makes an appearance . Ralph , who gradually turns into a savage in the book , is a troublemaker from the very beginning in this story . They changed the interactions between the characters to the point that hardly anything they do even makes sense ; it 's just a bunch of random acts of violence by cardboard cut-out characters.It 's rated R mostly for language . If listening to ten-year-olds swear floats your boat , then this is the movie for you . If you want the same depth of character and meaning the book has , you 're out of luck .
 I was amazed to learn that this movie was shown to my 12 year old daughter , without my knowledge , in a school health class to illustrate pecking order . It cheapens the original and should definitely not be shown to children younger than 16 or 17 . I would have given it no stars , but that was n't an option .
 William Golding writes the novel lord of the flies . Its setting was taken place in the central part of World War 2 . The novel begins with a group of schoolboys surviving a plane crash and being stranded on a deserted island . The boys are to raise themselves and survive with no grown-ups with the hopes of being rescued . There are three main characters of the novel , piggy , Ralph , and jack . These three collide on many levels of endearment during the novel . This novel became very popular among readers that 2 movies were made in support of the novel . The first was made in black and white version in 1951 . The second movie , which is a disgrace to the novel , was created in color in 1990 . There were n't many comparisons between the two movies . The movies both began with a plane crash , and being deserted on an island . The comparisons led to Ralph and piggy becoming friends and finding the conch shell . In both films the conch was used as a symbol of assembly . Towards the center of the films there was the controversy of the beast . In both the savages kill Simon and show no remorse . Even afterwards they still fear the beast that is non-existent . There was no remorse shown when piggy was killed by the falling rock . Jack simply goes back to his side of the island as if nothing had happened at all . After Piggy 's death the films collide with `` real '' comparison as the savages are chasing Ralph onto the beach fearing for his life . He stumbles and falls at the feet of an army recruit in both films . The films end with the boys being rescued and the confusion of the murders being buried with the boys . As a rating on the films , my opinion is strongly opposing the 1990 version film of lord of the flies . I feel this insecurity towards the film because it had absolutely no comparison to the novel . There were additions and lies added to the 1990 version to attract more viewers of the film . If the producer was smart , he would of made the color version similar to the novel . I have no understanding of why the producer would come up with such confusing ideas . As for the rating on the 1951 version , I have high hopes for the film . The film helped me grab the concept of the book . I 'd say on accuracy the 1951 version was about 89 % . There were a few differences from the novel , but that was simple compromises that the producer made . Overall the 1951 version had me more interested than the 1990 version . Changing the content of a movie to attract readers and viewers is a mistake . In order to make a film accurate to a novel a producer must follow a story line . In the creation of on of the films the producer did n't do that . This results in many disappointed movie critics , including myself .
 pretty straight forward and mostly uninteresting . in the novel there is greater detail about each character and more references to the monster . this sint done here and that results in a lack of interest for at least half of the movie which is already short in length . there is some effort made by jack and ralph to make the movie pick up some steam , and when the the kids split up there 's some intensity , but it is maliciously marred by dimwitted dialogue -LRB- '' okay dork just asking ! '' -RRB-
 After reading the book and seeing the film made in the early sixties I was tempted to rent this , well I did.All I can say is this film was BAD , do n't see it.If you want to experience it read the book or see the old film version but do n't waste your time with this filth .
 I hated the video so much that I had to find a way to vent my dissapointment . I read the book in high school and it quickly became one of my favorites . When I saw they remade the movie I was hoping that maybe someone would follow the storyline of this classic . But no , once again they tore the roots out of the entire meaning of it . The story was much more intense when they were n't militrary cadets . Was n't that the point ? Is n't that what made the book so deep ? It did for me . BAD . BAD . BAD . Maybe someone will do it right someday . I would love to see it . The only movie that I hate just as much -LRB- Maybe -RRB- is the TV Movie `` Noahs Ark '' .
 I TRIED to watch this version of Golding 's novel last night but did n't make it through the first forty minutes . It was disgustingly untrue to the theme , tone , or even plot , of the novel . I was previewing the film to show to a class of tenth graders after having read and studied the book , but I would not contaminate my classroom with it . I am very seldom offended by bad language , but this movie pushed me to my limit . I guess I understand the motivation of having the boys `` test the waters '' and emit every vulgarity known to man , but it just became too tiresome and ridiculous . The inconsistencies just became too much to bear , and I had to turn it off before I became physically ill . If the director/producer had wanted to make an adventure story with beautiful cinematography and a shallow plot , that would have been his perogative , but to blaspheme the name of this masterpiece of a novel is truly a crime . I will purchase a copy of the 1963 version with my own money to show in class rather than rent this easier-to-find `` version . ''
 A boring 90 minute movie about kids who are stranded on the island acting like their bad or something and they pick on a poor fat kid who gets hit by a huge stoned rock and dies which made me feel so bad for him . What 's the point of this movie ? Nothing great happens , the acting is not bad but the whole movie just sucks . Sorry but I just do n't get the point the movie is just bad do n't see it !
 I ca n't stand Lord of the Flies , the book or the movie . Why does everyone like it so much ?
 After reading the book for English class , the teacher sat us down to watch the film version of the novel . We watched the 1990 's version . Although I have n't seen the 1960 's one , it probably would have been a better choice . Granted , the movie is gorgeously filmed . The island the boys inhabit is rich in color and vegetation . But of course , looks alone do not make a film . It must have some substance . Perhaps having read the book and rather enjoying it , I have a biased opinion but this film did n't seem to have much to do with the book except share a title , main idea and some character names . Sara Schiff should be ashamed for butchering the tale . Trying to modernize the story may have seemed like a good idea , but it was n't , it really was n't . Since the boys are no longer British and no longer living during the WWII era -LRB- one mentions ` Alf ' , seriously folks -RRB- and since they are American children who have grown up on video games and now curse like sailors , it is easier to believe that they would revert to savagery . The screenplay has also conviently added an adult on the island and also completely removed the entire scene with Simon and the Lord of the Flies . The young actors can not be accused of bad acting since almost none of the characters are developed enough to really act . Ralph was watered down , Piggy reminded me of a young Drew Carey . The only characters I had strong feelings for were Jack -LRB- hated him -RRB- and Simon -LRB- loved him -RRB- . It 's just kind of a shame . My advice to you is read the book definately , do n't even think about renting it without having read it . If you 're interested though , by all means rent it . It 's not a horrible film in general , it 's just a bad adaptation .
 We watched this in English class for one purpous - to mock it ! This was so lame - in fact let 's just countdown the lamest parts1.The fact that they cut out the best part of the book - Simon 's conversation with the beast ! What were they thinking ??!!!!! 2 . The acting - it reminds me of some of my home movies , only worse . the whole thing is phony , cheesey , hokey and rushed . its as if a bunch of little boys had a day to film it with their mom 's camera or something ! 3 . the novel was actually morbid and dark and thought provoking , this is just well ... embarassing . how hard they 're trying to be intiidating but are in reality just a bunch of squeky nine year old boys in their underware ! how scary4.The added stuff - like what 's up with that pilot guy - he was n't even in the book ! and worse , they had to add so many other characters and stuff and it just dragged the movie even further down .5 . Piggy 's death - LOL could they have made this any faker?Well they achieved one thing - they ruined the lord of the flies ' reputation as the most morbid and thought provoking novel and give it a cheesey and well frankly embarassing feel instead . well done whoever read the first chapter of the novel and then decided to make a movie about it !
 I just finished watching this video last English class . . The book was a masterpiece and brilliant I loved it . . You caught everything and you felt like you were there . . Everything was powerful , and then our English teacher showed us the 1990 version of the video . . She warned us beforehand that it was a terrible movie , but I didnt think it would be that bad . . But I was wrong . . The first few minutes of the movie I automatically found many things wrong with the movie . . Like the boys had a boat and they were all together on the island . . There was an adult on the island for crists sakes !! They were supposed to be by themselves . . And whats with the glow stick ? At least they had the conch . . Also , the rest of the movie was n't THAT bad it got a bit better , however , they missed all the symoblism and metaphors , -LRB- ie the butterflies around Simon -RRB- . . and Simon was barely a main character , and they completely missed the talking to the Lord Of the flies . . On this movie they focused more on the hunting and violence instead of survival . . The different nightmares and visiions they have just confuse people -LRB- ie the helicopter that crashes -RRB- and some scenes do n't go well with each other . . Piggys death I just laughed at since it was kinda stupid how it just bounced off his head . . The actors werent great . . Only Jack did a good job of turning into a savage and being totally outta control . . Piggy was annoying but not really smart as in the book . . And the boys were American , not British . . and they were Cadets instead of school and choir boys . . There was so much swearing it just got redicluous to the point where you did n't take them seriously anymoreSo to end this , if you did n't read the book , you will not understand the movie entireally . . Some parts will not make sense and you ca n't understand it in a deeper level as you would with a novel . . Sure some people say you ca n't compare a movie with a book because its not the same , but Im sure goldein is not pleased with what they did with a great book . . I only gave it 2 because of the scenery was beautiful and it somewhat gave an idea about people turning sour without civilisation . . Well thats my two cents = -RRB-
 Okay , Lord of the Flies is one one the finest books the world has ever known . The 1963 version of the book is mediocre , at best . The 1990 version is an even bigger let down . The fact that the kids who crash on the island are military school cadets defeats the entire purpose of the book . In Golding 's novel , the cast away boys have to create their own society to survive . In the 1990 film , there is already a military chain of command set up . Stale acting and plot holes abound this movie as well . And what is it with the $ # & * ing curse words ? These kids speak like they have just stepped out of a Quentin Tarantino film ! The swearing in this movie is out of place and completely uneccesary . Lord of the Flies -LRB- 1990 -RRB- is way too different from the novel , and it did n't have to be . This film 's only saving grace is its superb cinematography . Until there is a good film version of this book , My opinion is that Golding 's novel is only effective as a novel , not as a screenplay . Get no names like Harry Hooke -LRB- No offense Harry -RRB- out of the director 's chair and replace him with someone Steven Spielberg or Martin Scorsese . Maybe the creative touch of these masters could effectively bring this classic to the screen .
 If you are looking for a recreation of one of the best modern classic novels , do n't watch this video . This 1990s version is senselessly more violent and not as critical of our society . The characters are also much more shallow . However , if you can forget the book for 90 minutes , the story is entertaining and the setting is vivid .
 To reply to another user that asked if it was suitable for a 10 year old kid , I would have to say no . Although the characters used in the movie are around that age , the lanuage used will offend you children , aswell as adults . It does not add to the story , and the language is used often.The book on the other hand is very clean , and has no bad words . I would recommend reading your son the book . Not only does it not have bad language , it also covers more information , and has more symbols . The pig 's head talking is a major point in the book , and is completely removed from the movie ... Hollywood has taken a book written by a Nobel Prize winning author -LRB- Sir William Golding -RRB- , and has beaten it until it was dead . I would recommend you read the book before watching the movie , so that you know what it should really be like .
 One can not criticize the cinematography of this move . It is , at times , lush , humid and tropically , oppressively beautiful . All of which are good things ... but that 's all I can say good about the film.Golding originally conceived `` Lord of the Flies '' as an xploration of Human nature , and how people are inheirently evil . To drive this point home , he took English school boys -LRB- some of whom were members of a church choir -RRB- crash landed them on an island during a wartime evacuation and said , `` Have at it ! '' -LRB- metaphorically speaking -RRB- . The book and indeed the 1963 movie version asks how if even children can become cruel and violent and evil with very little prompting , are humans as advanced as we like to think ? Are we really all that different from animals ? Readers/viewers are shocked to see how far such a small child can fall.Weeeeeeeeellllllll ... This , the 1990 version of Lord of the Flies , puts American military students on an island during a conflict of some sort , so when the first blow is struck it 's not all that surprising . This removes the impact of Golding 's ideas , and this becomes another adventure story -LRB- of sorts . Like `` The Hun Family Robinson '' -RRB- . Further , the `` updated '' material does n't really work
 This movie has basically almost nothing to do with the book . Half of the script seems to be completely made up . Acting is also nothing to howl about . The only good acting was from a kid who played `` Piggy '' . You should stay away from movie as far possible . Read the book , or watch 1963 version of the movie - it 's alot better .
 The 1960s film version of this great book almost looks good when compared to this practical joke . This film is truly dreadful in every aspect . Any sort of statement that Golding made in the novel is way over the heads of everyone involved with this film . If they understood it , then it would not have been butchered in the way that it has been with this piece of dirt . First off , the whole military academy thing , the book is about the loss of innocence and the tragedy of man 's heart . If the boys are already involved in conflict situations why put them on an island to see how they react to it ? Simon was appaulingly portraid , by an ugly child . Given that he was supposed to be a christ like redeemer , this film has obviously missed the point that Simon made in the book . He is an insight into man 's real self , but in this says nothing and does nothing . His death is not significant because the feeling was not built up that he was the saviour , and his death is supposed to convey a feeling of despiration . Do n't watch this film , it 's rubbish , if you want to see a film version of this chilling and tragic book , them watch the 60s version , but never ever ever watch this bucket of sick . Read the book , and be enlightened . They should have made a film about another book , instead of trivializing the most important novel of the twentieth century in this shallow adaptation . William golding must be revolving in his grave very fast indeed at this stain on the name of `` Lord of the Flies ''
 You 'll get so much for out of it if you read the book , I promise you that . And I also recommend watching the 1963 orginal lord of the flies , the acting is pretty dull , but it 's so much better then this one guys !! TRULY READ THE BOOK AND THEN THE 1963 CLASSIC !!! IT 'LL BE WORTHLESS JUST TO SEE THIS !!!!!
 A terrible adaptation of Golding 's terrifyingly brilliant novel . Misses the entire point , and loses the whole appeal . Skip it .
 This is possibly the worst film adaptation ever.If you would like to see a good version , buy the b & w British edition . It 's meaningful and dramatic.This version likes the `` F '' word a lot , confusing , as it never appears in the novel . Also , Simon 's dialogue with the Lord of the Flies was a confusing omission .
 At its outset the update film version of Golding 's classic novel is creepy and cinematically mysterious . We see the commotion as the boys try to make it to the island while many of the adults are apparently dead or clinging to life , all trying to swim towards shore after the plane went down . In this version , the boys who make it to the island are from an American military cadet school instead of being English . The early stages of the film really do keep the impact of the story alive , but as the film wanes , so does the mystique of the tale.It 's really hard to know who to blame , the child actors who played these characters ineffectively , or the screenwriters , for putting in a slew of profanity and inane parts to the movie . The children who played these characters for the most part did what they could with this script . For what it is worth , I really liked how Simon was personified in several of the scenes , especially the one with the `` monster '' -LRB- the `` beast '' in the other movie version -RRB- . You really get a sense that he is like the character in the book , as he connects with nature and seems to not fear what the others do
 This remake was terrible ! Did the people who made this movie even read the book ? What 's with them being from an American military school ? Why not an American boarding school ? Or have the boys be from Catholic schools?In the book I felt so sorry for Piggy and was very upset when he was killed . In this movie , he came across as being very annoying and I was actually happy when he died . The Piggy in the book was n't whiny like this one was and he never cried when the others picked on him.And where was the scene with Simon talking with the Lord of the Flies ? That was only the most important part of the book ! Ok , I can understand that part not being the the 1963 version because it would have been pretty risky , but the 1990 ? Come on now.There is no choir in this version which was supposed to add to the irony in the book . Who would have thought that good ol choir boys would be the most ruthless people on the island?And lastly , there 's an adult on the island ! I think that speaks for itself . And the boys were all not supposed to know each other . The only ones who did in the book were the choir , and Samneric for obvious reasons.Watch the 1963 version instead . It 's so much better than this .
 This movie version of `` Lord of the Flies '' is a prime example of how a screenwriter can completely destroy a classic novel.This movie is a major disappointment . So many liberties are taken with the plot that one might say that the book and the movie are shadows of each other . I 've taught this book in English class for about twenty years on and off , -LRB- Mostly off -RRB- and this year decided to show the modern version rather than the outstanding black and white sixties version.Big mistake.The acting is not bad , but the script has been completely reworked , to the point where much of the original symbolism and dramatic impact is lost . Why ? My students -- juniors and seniors in high school -- were universal in their condemnation that this movie does not do the book justice.Don ' t buy this version . Get the original black and white version . It is true to the book.On the plus side , the cinematography is excellent . But that 's little consolation for what has been done to Golding 's book . If I had been Golding , I would have sued .
 Of course there is the inevitable comparison to the original b/w film , but even in absence of that , this version just does n't cut it as an adaptation or re-imagining of the novel.The color photography does not help at all . The Jamaican island scenery is too pretty , given the subject matter and the boys ' behavior . Changing the boys from British schoolboys to American military academy brats does nothing for the film.Worst of all , having an adult show up at the end and ask aloud , `` What are you guys doing ? '' just provokes unintended laughter besides being unnecessary.Skip this and rent the older version instead .
 I purchased this item because I love the novel by William Golding . In fact after I read the book , I listened to the audio book read by Golding . In a toss up between this DVD and the 1963 black and white version , the choice ultimately came down to cash.After reading the reviews I was nervous but willing to give it a shot . If you have never read the Lord of The Flies and never really plan to , then I recommend this movie . It is what it is and one 's best bet is to have no prior experience with this work.With that said , to those who have read the book and want to watch the movie I recommend saving your money and purchasing the 1963 version . There are elements taken from the novel , but it feels so pieced together , so choppy , that it flows poorly and fails to develop any real energy . I think its the way in which Golding weaved his tale that really creates the charged atmosphere one gets from reading the novel , and if a movie does not take advantage of that underlying current , its nothing more than a series of dis-joined elements and that is where this DVD falls short.Lord of the Flies - Criterion CollectionBest of luck
 The single , most obvious difference between this recent version and the Brooke 's is the substitution of marines for ordinary public schoolboys . And one has to ask why this change.It becomes apparent as one watches the film that neither Evil nor human nature is really at issue here -- these are young marines , trained to kill ; they are not ordinary children at all.This completely transforms the original story , which had something to do with Golding 's misgivings on `` human nature '' . Despite comments from other reviewers about universal themes of evil in humans , it is plain that this `` updated '' version has no universal message worth thinking about . If anything , the cadet 's violence on the island should reassure the modern young audience that nothing as grand as evil nor human nature is at the root of the problem . No sir . The problem here is merely -- and quite unremarkably for young marine cadets -- a breakdown in discipline ! That is all.This reinterpretation of Golding 's story presents us with a certain ideology . It comforts us in our everyday N. American pragmatism that every problem has a solution -LRB- here , more discipline and rigourous training . As a result , the intent of the original story and Golding 's bleak observations of humanity after WW2 is reduced to a banal question of engineering a practical solution to yet another problem , while ignoring or avoiding the complexities . No soul-searching or any dreadful thoughts that evil is innate in all of us -LRB- including those living within God 's selected Nation -RRB- .
 Maybe , just maybe , this could have been a good movie in the right hands.Somewhere buried deep was a plot.The dialogue was cheesy and the acting was amateurish . It was too `` David Lynch '' ! Not funny enough to be a comedy , and not serious enough to be a drama . And the ending just leaves you hanging . The budget had to be $ 1.00 , which , ironically , was the denomination of the coin he kept flipping . I forced myself to watch it hoping against hope that I could find some redeeming quality , but , alas , I could not.I ended up throwing the tape in the trash . -LRB- I did n't even rewind it ! -RRB- I could n't bear to inflict this pain on anyone else .
 THE UNSINKABLE MOLLY BROWN -LRB- 1964 -RRB- Directed by Charles Walters . Make up by William Tuttle . Cinematography by Daniel L. Fapp . Score by Meredith Wilson.Starring Debbie Reynolds , Harve Presnell , Ed Begley , Jack Kruschen , Hermione Baddeley , Harvey Lembeck , Hayden Roarke , Martita Hunt , Anna Lee and Herb Vigran.The relatively fictionalized musical biography of Margaret Brown Colorado millionairess , her rise from poverty , her romance with John -- in real life James -- Brown , her efforts to be accepted by the Denver elites , her popularity with the aristocracy of Europe , the difficulties this causes in her down to earth husband and her fateful trip on the steamship the Titanic.Very much a musical epic in the style of OKLAHOMA and THE SOUND OF MUSIC , this is a BIG musical with beautiful photography and vibrant color and fantastic sets . BUT it is also a musical epic in the style of OKLAHOMA and THE SOUND OF MUSIC which is honestly an acquired taste . The first hour is a bit tough sledding with all of this SEVEN BRIDES FOR SEVEN BROTHERS dancing and singing yokels in the wild of Colorado but picks up considerably when the Browns get to Denver and then Europe . Many of the songs are of the OH WHAT A BEAUTIFUL MOOOOORNING variety but there are two/three good dance numbers.The cast is good consisting of a group of character actors who many might know from their genre work -- Kruschen from ZELDA THE GREAT of the BATMAN series , Hunt from BRIDES OF DRACULA , Lembeck from the Beach Party movies and Vigran from his work on the ADVENTURES OF SUPERMAN series so it is interesting to see them frolicking about in this venue . I did not spot Anna Lee though she is supposed to be in the Titanic sequence . Presnell can certainly sing real purdy . Reynolds -- playing a part that would have been Betty Hutton 's ten years earlier -- is truly irritating as a back woods type but once she gets to Europe improves mightily though she is very bad on the lifeboat after the Titanic sinks . She can dance and she can sing though . She was nominated for an Oscar.The direction is good and the music okay . One was troubled how this rollicking musical comedy romance would handle the horror of the Titanic . Would there be singing as they sank ? No though . The entire sequence using stock footage from A NIGHT TO REMEMBER is not even five minutes and is over before it has begun so anyone looking for a different take on that great tragedy will be disappointed.It is a pleasant viewing experience one supposes . It certainly was not a disagreeable one but it is doubtful if this viewer will ever watch it again.Certainly worth a look if one is inclined.Note . The Browns are buried in a Catholic cemetery on Long Island with a tombstone the size of a small suitcase so one gathers that they got right sick of Colorado and skeedaddled after the credits rolled . Probably all that dancing , singing and screaming rustics done it ...
 I love the movie , thats why I bought it as a gift for my Mom . But she tried to play it and it kept stopping . I was told the item was NEW ... but now wonder if it was n't
 I 'm the only one here who thought this was a big bore - even the music was n't much , I thought . One very good dance number , though . One of my film books says `` it does drag a bit . '' It drags a lot . Glad I saw it on TV . -LRB- I do like musicals , but this was tedious . -RRB-
 OK , there 's a good bit wrong with this movie . Johnny Brown gets the dumbest songs to sing with his wonderful tenor voice -LRB- Harve Presnell -RRB- , and he 's not a great actor . But he 's all arms and legs , and makes a good foil for Debbie Reynolds ' rowdy dancing . And really , just about everything is overdone . But then they do say that Mollie Brown was indeed quite overdone herself.The movie opens with a baby in a cradle shooting the rapids in a Colorado River , laughing all the way . She eventually runs aground , pulls herself up on the bank and pulls herself erect on a boulder . So she was unsinkable long before she took a trip on the Titanic.Next we see what became of the baby
 Hmmm , I can think of a few other titles for this film -- how about `` The Unwatchable Molly Brown '' or `` The Unlikeable Molly Brown '' ? Uh-oh , you can see where this review is going ... As is so often typical of films portraying actual historical characters , any resemblance this film has to reality is strictly coincidental ; there is n't much here that has anything to do with the true-life story of Molly Brown . And that 's a shame , because her story would make a good biopic ; no need to invent so much of the material . That said , the 1960 Broadway musical was a big hit , and it was perhaps inevitable that the show would make its way to Hollywood . Though , I have to wonder why anyone would buy a property and then delete a full two-thirds of the score that made it so successful in the first place , when transferring the story to film.Now , I do like Debbie Reynolds ; she 's a capable singer and actress and I 've seen her in a few pictures that I 've enjoyed very much . Plus , she just seems so darn nice in person ! However -- while this was one of her favourite roles , I 'm sorry to say that I think she is absolutely terrible in this film . Every single scene is played at the top of her lungs to the very back row of the balcony ; subtle she is n't . And in the process she reduces Molly to a shrill one-note caricature . I do n't think I 've ever , in my entire life , seen a major actress in a mainstream motion picture play a role in such an over-the-top , sledgehammer fashion . My mouth was practically hanging open in astonishment as I viewed this picture ; I could hardly believe my eyes -LRB- or my ears -RRB- . Yes , I found this film downright painful to watch ; I winced my way through it . And even more surprising was the fact that Debbie received an Oscar nomination for her performance -- what the heck ?!? I 'm serious , this was unbelievably bad -- and downright annoying.On the plus side , the male lead had an extraordinarily fine singing voice . And the film featured some strikingly beautiful western scenery in the first portion , and many amazingly opulent period costumes and interiors in the latter part ; lovely . -LRB- Plus , it 's always a kick to recognise the famous `` St. Louis street '' on the MGM back lot -- a few exteriors were shot there . -RRB- But despite the positives , I ca n't imagine that I 'd ever want to watch this picture again , even if a few of the numbers were kind of catchy ; it 's simply MUCH too over-the-top for my taste . -LRB- Oh , the sequence set on the Titanic , which gave the film its name , only lasts a couple of minutes on-screen . And in fact this picture used black-and-white footage from `` A Night to Remember '' to depict the ship ; they did n't even bother shooting any new footage for the sinking . -RRB-
 Whose idea was it to reduce Debbie Reynolds , who has a fine singing voice , to a screeching wreck ? When she 's not screeching , she 's blubbering or strutting around as a two-legged caricature of false bravado . And she 's a bit long in the tooth to be playing an urchin , as she does in the beginning of this movie . The choreography in this movie is unimaginative and lame , the characters are stereotypes , and Debbie Reynold 's talents - on wonderful display in movies like Singing in the Rain - are totally wasted here . I saw this movie when I was a lot younger and do n't recall liking it a lot , but I sat through it -LRB- saw it with my parents at a theater , so that 's one reason why -RRB- . This time around , I could n't even get through it . I love musicals , but this one 's a dud .
 I love the two GATOR movies ... saw them when I was a testosterone filled high schooler and Burt Reynolds was THE action star of my day ... but these DVDs `` White Lightning '' and `` Gator '' have been transformed from 2:35 aspect ratio ... WIDE widescreen to 1:33 ... thus chopping the heck out of them . . watch the credits chapter on GATOR to see how the film should be shown . . DOES MGM think that only dumb old geezers who do n't understand film formats would watch these ? WHY the dumbed down versions . . I 'm ordering overseas where they RESPECT the films
 `` White Lightning '' was a fast action film that starred Burt Reynolds as ex moonshiner Gator McCluskey packing a vengeful justice . However , the character seems to have lost much of it 's credibility in this sequel called `` Gator '' . Lauren Hutton adds a little bit of flavor to the plot as Aggie , a news reporter that catches Gator 's eyes -LRB- and mine too no less . -RRB- The biggest weakness in `` Gator '' is the extreme cruelty shown by the film 's villian . The brutish acts of his new enemy , Bama McCall -LRB- played by Jerry Reed -RRB- , lull the audience into a big distaste for anything the movie has to offer . For example , the scene of a drug addicted 15 year old girl lying on a bed , and obviously forced into prostitution by McCall was about enough for me to turn off the video . Despite many elements of deprevatation in the film , I thought one positive side were the comic antics of the cat loving lady , Mrs. Cavanaugh -LRB- played by Alice Ghostley -RRB- . Her cats , named Red and Silver Bell , practically go everywhere with her , even when she helped break into the county records office ! I laughed at the scene in which she tried to impress Irving Greenfield -LRB- played by Jack Weston -RRB- , by stating , `` You know , I 'm gon na change Red 's name to Mr. Greenfield 'cause he 's so sweet . '' Greenfield replied with an emotionless `` Geee , that 's terrific . '' This movie has some good moments , but it is a definite let down if you see the prequel first .
 Burt 's directorial debut is a winner as a film . Action , provocative scenes -LRB- Lauren Hutton is always a winner -RRB- and a good script with a terrific supporting cast , including Mike Douglas , no less , and even a cameo appearance by the english literature teacher from Palm Peach Jr. . College who guided him toward acting , Watson B. Duncan , III , provide a great time for the viewer.The RIP-OFF , is , as usual , a full frame presentation of a film shot in Panavision !! What is it with these studios that ca n't leave a film alone ? The full frame picture cuts off several of the actors in scenes , and leaves the viewer wondering what is going on outside of the full frame shots . We buy DVDs to get the FULL PICTURE the way it was originally shot ! TCM also showeed this film in full frame once , and I turned it off because I was so disgusted.I 'm not asking for a full restoration , for Pete 's sake , just a faithful presentation of the film . The full frame presentation offered presently is an embarrassment , and Burt should use some clout to stop this abomnible practice on his films .
 dont buy this square screen garbage , trash , crap , wait for the blu-ray it will most likely be widescreen anamorphic ! and just as cheaply priced .
 I bought my copy of this movie at the pawn shop and paid $ 3 , and that may have been too much considering how bad the movie really is . It 's hard to know where to begin and it 's late and I 'm tired . I can say that Jerry Reed played a pretty good and sleazy Bama McCall . His henchman , the GIANT was also a treat as was SMILEY . What was pretty bad in the movie was the awful plot . The romance between Burt and Lauren Hutten seemed like an afterthought and it simply made me nauseated . And how shocking it was that the Government man from New York was KILLED along with the lady who worked in the Dunston Court house . Both of those characters were FUN and comedic and they both went on to DIE HORRIBLE DEATHS , one by double barrel sawed off shotgun and the other by FIRE . Burt Reynolds DIRECTED this movie and as a story the plot switched from ACTION to COMEDY to ROMANCE and to HORRIFIC ACTION . And to close out this AWFUL movie we have to see Lauren Hutton driving away to the BIG CITY to take her new job as BOBBY GOLDSBORO sings some God Awful song in the background . The other song , the opening song , was performed by Jerry Reed . This song is PLODDING but at least is is n't awful . Mind you , that song could never be played on the radio , but the song worked in utilitarion fashion to open the movie . And as for STUNTS , this movie is REPLETE with LOTS of FAKE GLASS and STYOFOAM buildings . One boat began to fall apart before Burt drove his boat over it and Burt also drove his speed boat through an OBVIOUS styrofoam house . This movie is ALL OVER THE PLACE . It tries to be too many things . We left the Okefenokee Swamp and at the end of the movie we were at the BEACH . This movie is basically the SEQUEL to White Lightning , a movie that I consider EXCELLENT . This movie tries to continue the ADVENTURES of GATOR MCCLUSKY . This movie is as bad as BURT 'S NEW HAIRPIECE . Burt looks COMPLETELY DIFFERENT in this movie as compared to White Lightning . In two places I saw Burt 's TOUPEE falling back , once when he was running to the court house and the other time was when he was laying down on the beach with Lauren Hutton . This movie was PAINFUL at best . I 'm so SORRY . I wanted to LIKE this movie but it is simply DREADFUL and PAINFUL to WATCH .
 After his success in `` White Lightning , '' Burt Reynolds decided to make his directing debut with the sequel `` Gator . '' While Reynolds would eventually prove to be a competent director with `` The End '' and the excellent `` Sharky 's Machine , '' he blew it with this unfocused mess . A clumsy mixture of light comedy and violent action , with ridiculous characters and a midsection that moves like molasses , `` Gator '' would have derailed the career of a lesser star , but Reynolds was so big in the ' 70 's that this film represents merely a mild career bump between early ' 70 's highlights like `` Deliverance '' and `` The Longest Yard '' and late ' 70 's triumphs `` Smokey and the Bandit '' and especially `` Starting Over . `` The problems are numerous
 This was a favorite of mine , I do n't know if the original version is lost or if it was cut up for TV and that is all that is left but it is not as I remember it from seeing it on HBO in the seventies . No widescreen sucks too . Please release the original in Widescreen . on the plus side Lauren Hutton is hottttttttttttt !!!
 Gator fans , forget the long-overdue-but-mightily-disappointing DVD . Lucky cable subscribers need to look no further than Turner Classic Movies -LRB- TCM -RRB- for a 2.35:1 presentation of Gator -LRB- the ENTIRE film , not just the opening/closing credits a la the DVD -RRB- . Plus , as anyone who watches knows , TCM also means uncut and commerical-free . I was fortunate enough to catch a 4:30 am TCM-premiere of Gator on Thursday 9/23/04 . Unfortunately , the film began ten minutes later than advertised so , of course , my VCR timer shut off with still several minutes to go . Oh well . No choice but to keep an eye out for the next airing which , unfortunately , wo n't be for at least another two months -LRB- if then , even -RRB- . Still , give me a widescreeen VHS over a full-frame DVD any day -- of any film .
 I tried to watch this film a few years ago and was bored to tears so I quit about half way through . I ended up reading the book instead and really liked it . So I decided to revisit the movie and watched the whole thing . I 'm afraid my initial impression was correct - it is really boring , and also frustrating to watch . It took the interesting straightforward narrative of the book and made it very confusing when it did n't have to be - a few simple scenes of clarification would have done wonders for the plot . If I had n't read the book , I would have been lost . I also thought the sex and nudity which were not in the book were gratuitous and distracting . The book wisely made the alien nonsexual , but the movie had him sexually involved with Candy Clarke 's character . The scene were he finally strips nude sans nipples , fingernails , contacts and apparently his penis and tries to have alien sex - whatever that is , the movie implied some kind of full body splooge fest - was pretty ridiculous . As was the scene where he rekindles his relationship with her , apparently with his fully functional prosthetic penis back in place . Bowie 's acting was fine , he was after all , born to play an alien - but Candy Clarke and Rip Torn were both terrible , and their characters were both grating and unsympathetic . The make up to age them was also really bad . Buck Henry was probably the most interesting supporting character , but the scene where he and his partner were thrown from a window was also ridiculous and made no sense in the plot of the film.Any reviewer that gives this film a high rating I question their planet of origin . If you 're from the planet earth , my prediction is you 'll also dislike this film . Read the book instead .
 Not recommend . Lots of nudity , including male and female full frontal . Confusing plot lots , lots . lots of dragging on . Weird sexual scenes that add nothing to the movie whatsoever .
 Do n't get me wrong , I love Bowie 's sweet face as much as the next guy but , what was he thinkin ' ? I was really dissapointed . Not with the preformace , but with the story line . I started to see what was going on but , then the credits started to roll by . I think I had more fun looking at the box . I give one star for the effort and one star for the box .
 THIS is an abomination . Convoluted stories strobed about at random , crap acting , poor musical score , AND worst of all , NO resolution to any of the multiple story lines . Go ahead and waste 2 hours of your life if you have more time to live than the rest of us .
 It seems that on a technologically advanced planet in another solar system , having a drought means all the buildings disappear and you 're left with nothing for miles around except a mud hut . Then despite having less resources than an Ethopian desert dweller , you suddenly get in your low tech , driven-by-sail mud hut and trundle off to build a sophisticated spaceship which will then blast off to another planet . Or maybe you post your body via the ` transference of energy ' as mentioned later in the film . In which case , why not take your family and aunty Flo with you ? Yes , folks , we 're back in the land of bonehead film making.At various points throughout this ` startling ' opus , David Bowie continually stops to raise his nose and give a protracted sniff . The audience is aware of a similar smell throughout the duration of this pretentious stinker directed by Nicolas Roeg , a man forever failing to interest us in his pictures despite the head start of unusual subject matter . Bowie constantly gurns , most risibly before whacking some cookies off an oven plate in what passes for him as a petulant sulk . The funniest moment occurs when Bowie screams `` get out of my mind , all of you '' to a wall of television sets . Look , just get out of the chair and pull the plug , son . The title of the picture says you 're ` The Man Who Fell To Earth ' . It did n't mention anything about breaking your legs as well . I guess it was meant to be ` way existential ' or something.Elsewhere there is a great deal of nookie going on . Strangely , couples have a tendency to start rolling on the floor and screaming 'till their lungs burst , and all this before they actually climb into bed and have sex . Do n't ask me why , it 's the Seventies.Roeg obfuscates further with disappearing cars and an alien who talks in his sleep with someone whose standing clear the other side of a lake . A former cinematographer , his prime interest seems to be in producing a number of groovy images for a coffee table book rather than a coherent movie for the public.Bowie , failing to make us love the alien in this particular instance , informs us -LRB- less than portentously , to be fair -RRB- that ` everything begins and ends in infinity ' . Viewers unfortunate enough to encounter this laboured film will have no trouble getting to grips with this concept .
 nicholas roeg -LRB- director -RRB- and whoever the screenplay `` writer '' was blew this one . they turned one of the greatest novel of our time into a jumbled . dis-jointed , inaccurate and ultimatelydissapointing montage of confusing images and annoying sounds.i can only hope a director and screenwriter who actually READthis book and passed a test proving that they understood it willattempt to get this one right sometime soon .
 There must be some movie buffs out there who like this film for whatever reason , like it enough that this movie has been classified as a `` cult classic '' of sorts . Obviously this is a candidate for inclusion in the Criterion Collection , they have a cross selection of everything from the works of Bergman , Antonioni , Fellini , Godard to the bottom pit of hell with Michael Bay 's The Rock and oh dear god , Armageddon ! The Man Who Fell to Earth is therefore prime Criterion fare , but is the film itself any good?Nicolas Roeg is truly a pale imitation of a director . Has he ever made a satisfying film that was not deeply flawed ? This David Bowie vehicle is no different with it 's oh so 70 's mileau . I especially love how time changes throughout the film , you see characters getting older except Bowie who is an alien . Decades pass and the characters age but we are still in the 1970 's ! Awesome , really!It goes without saying that this film is another of Roeg 's many exercises or rather fixations on the concept of alienation and modern malaise , capitalism , consumerist spending , etc. . That these ideas are packaged so blatantly , -LRB- the movie about alienation with an alien ! -RRB- , and ineptly is shocking to connoisseurs of fine art cinema . If you want to watch great films about the concept of alienation in the modern world , there is no better director than Michaelangelo Antonioni with L'avventura , La Notte and L'eclisse for starters . Nicolas Roeg by comparison is painfully incompetent.The best part of this film is it 's sense of humor , it can be funny in a tacky , empty sort of way . Plus we get lots of nudity and sex , so that 's fun , supposedly . Directors by the 1970 's were over the whole censorship of the preceding decades and had as much nudity and sex in their art-house movies as possible , because lots of sex and nudity equals profound insight into the human condition ! Right ? Ugh ... The DVD is high-quality Criterion Collection work , but the quality of the movie is your call . I find it to be utter junk but worth a look , you may have a different opinion after this pretentious mess robs you of 2 hours and 20 minutes of your life . Nicolas Roeg is a fraud , we have to face up to it .
 I saw the movie first . It was marginal . I just finished reading the book . It is excellent . Sad that they did not do the book justice . The movie makers destroyed the story . A real butcher job .
 Some nice cinematography and a plot lifted from a classic sci-fi novel by Walter Tevis ca n't add much to this perverse and incomprehensible drama . I usually agree with Leonard Maltin , but he must have been watching a different movie . This is n't thought-provoking , it is nothing more than a bunch of trashy sex scenes loaded with nudity and rape . I ca n't understand one plot turn and trashy ex-rock star David Bowie looks like a dirty freak here -LRB- but maybe he is supposed to -RRB- . Movie is n't deprived of some interest , but I would n't recommend it . Why not watch the TV movie `` V '' for some inventive and watchable sci-fi . I was incredibly disappointed with this movie , and I will be sure to inform the store that I bought it from as soon as I return it . What a letdown .
 There are plenty of reviews below of the film , almost all based on the hatcheted edit currently available on disk . Roeg 's original cut was a triumph ... Criterion 's release will do it right , as always . Hold on until then .
 Good actor/bad movie
 I may not be the best one to review this movie as I saw it about 18 years ago . I was 12 and my mom rented it for me because she thought it was sci-fi and looked like something I might like . If she knew what she had rented she 'd have been horrified . Now I 'll admit I may have been too young to really `` get '' this movie , but I do remember it felt like it was five hours long and did n't hold my interest at all . The only reason I did n't turn it off was because I do n't walk out on movies . I kept waiting for something interesting to happen but it just dragged on . The main thing I remember about it is the multiple viewings of David Bowie 's Penis . Now I 'm not offended by male nudity , but this was kind of ridiculous . I would not suggest this movie to the average viewer and not even to the higher class viewer , which I consider myself to be . This is only for the real cult , art house followers so be warned .
 First off , let me say that I am a huge Bowie fan , owning and loving all of his original albums . But I simply did not enjoy this movie . Not at all really.The story itself is neat , but it takes , well , a paragraph to describe -LRB- which I 'll let you read in other reviews -RRB- , and then you 've got it . There 's nothing more to it , there are no plot twists , nothing amazing or new . The movie moves so slow , it seems to go on for hours , and it 's never exciting , just boring.The acting from all performers in the movie is just fine , but the way the movie was put together is pretty bad . The script is barely there at all , the cinematography is dull and unoriginal , the alien design seems much older than it is , and does n't impress . There 's also a lot of sex in this movie , which I have no objections to , but it 's put together in such odd ways , and never really makes sense that it 's in there.To put it simply , I guarantee you that if this movie did n't have David Bowie it would n't be remembered at all . The only thing neat about this movie is that I saw where the cover for `` Station to Station '' and `` Low '' came from . Sadly , you 're really not missing anything , but if you 're a huge fan like me , you 'll have to see it for yourself .
 Note
 I read the book that this movie is based on a long time ago and I thought that I would enjoy the movie . So , without having seen it before , I bought the DVD . What a total waste ... To put it another way , I have purchased 140 + DVDs and I consider this movie to be the worst . Specifically , this movie is too long and David Bowie 's character -LRB- the main character -RRB- is just too wierd .
 If you 're a huge David Bowie fan then you might like this flick - just to see him -LRB- and I mean all of him -RRB- in 1976 , with great hair , and those magnetic eyes . Other than that , this sci-fi self proclaimed `` cult classic '' will bore you to tears like Carson Daly 's absent personality . -LRB- I swear hes an MTV created robot . -RRB- This movie was so choppy and dragged out , with a bummer of an ending , that I briefly hated David Bowie . Briefly .
 Easily the worst movie I have ever seen . Nothing comes a close second
 I must say that I love David Bowie . But this movie is just not worth buying or even watching . It 's good if you like Artsy-Farsty movies that just do n't make sense .
 A movie is supposed to entertain , and enlighten , not confuse . Maddeningly incoherent plot , quirky and annoying camera work , terrible acting , especially by Candy Clark in bad adapation of her American Graffiti role - if she said , `` Tommy , Tommy ! '' one more time , I was going to scream ! The director should have been taken out back and shot ! Could have been a good film if the story was simply told !
 It took me a week to watch 1/2 of this movie . I kept falling asleep . I thought it was going to be very cool with a sophisticated science fiction theme and David Bowie . Perhaps I will watch the rest of the movie someday .
 wow this movie just olain out sucks . Old show , dry , sorry actors ! Just not worth the time.Total wast of time .
 Imagine `` Plan 9 From Outer Space '' , but twice as long , with a less coherent plot , grating music , and even more howlers . It 's got assassins wearing matching gold-spangled motorcycle helmets . A university professor who insults his department head with impunity , then happily goes from banging coeds to living in a Quonset hut in the desert with nothing to do . Repeated images of people falling through space , some wearing shiny clothes . And best of all , a girlfriend for the spaceman whose only advantageous attributes are a love of gin and the ability to pick up a grown man ; too bad she never learned to call emergency services when someone has a massive , bleeding seizure . I could go on but this movie already sucked 21/2 hours of my life away .
 Having read the book before seeing the movie , I was incredibly disappointed . The film completely over-sexualizes everything , completely changing the point of the story . It 's pretty obvious in the book that the main theme of the novel is alienation . A big part of manifesting this theme was the fact that Thomas Newton was basically asexual . Betty Jo -LRB- whose name is inexplicably changed to Mary-Lou in the film -RRB- is clearly interested in Newton , but he is completely apathetic to her advances . By making a -LRB- very , very -RRB- prominent sexual relationship between Newton and Mary-Lou , Nicolas Roeg is making the concept of isolation less important . It 's the exact same case with Dr. Nathan Bryce ; in the novel , Bryce is a disenchanted , middle-aged college professor who sees movies by himself and wears tweed suits . In Roeg 's film , Bryce is a disenchanted , young college professor who has rape-fantasy sex with his attractive female students . Once again , Roeg trades Tevis ' theme for sex . Roeg also alters the ending . Here 's a SPOILER ALERT . In the novel , Newton 's eyes are X-Rayed even though he tries to tell the doctor he can see X-Rays . The doctor ignores him , and Newton is blinded . Later , when Bryce finds the blind , partly drunk Newton sitting in a bar , Newton offers him a large sum of money -- which he accepts . In the film , Newton 's eyes are X-Rayed and he tries to stop the doctor . The doctor does it anyway and we see Newton 's pain , but for some reason he is not blinded . When Bryce meets Newton in what looks like a rooftop cafe , he is neither blind nor intoxicated . And most importantly , Bryce does n't want his money.If you have n't read Walter Tevis ' novel , you may love this movie . Maybe if you 've read it you might love it as well . But do n't expect it to be as heart-wrenching . Do n't even expect it to follow the plot .
 I saw this when it came out -LRB- oddly , in German , where I was living -RRB- and as a big scifi fan who loved Walkabout , I wanted to see it again in English to get all the nuance . Alas , I found it positively boring and incomprehensible . An alien comes to Earth , though it is never explained what he is trying to do . He gets sucked into a relationship with an alcoholic waitress , becomes an alcoholic himself , and then becomes a prisoner of scientists.There are some tantalizing details , such as his flashbacks to his home planet , a desert , but overall it doens ' t quite get the viewer -LRB- or me -RRB- to the point that I could believe it while I watched it . Instead , I just found it weird and cryptic , less that it left things to the viewer to interpret than that it was not cogent and poorly fitted together . It also simply is n't entertaining whatsoever
 I was the Man Who Fell Asleep while watching The Man Who Fell To Earth . I kept thinking , I know there 's a story in there somewhere , why does n't the director just let it out ? I discovered through reading other Amazon reviews that this film is indeed based upon a very good book . Why director Roeg did n't just film the book is beyond my capacity . Instead , we get some jumbled mish-mash of fragments and ideas , with some gratuitous nudity thrown in every five minutes . On the positive side , the acting by David Bowie was actually quite good.I like esoteric films , and even saw the three-hour Solaris by Tarkovsky without falling asleep , but The Man Who Fell To Earth simply had too many undeveloped characters and ideas , confusing shifts in time and people 's motives , and was generally an experimental film that did not succeed . Having seen other Nicolas Roeg films , I know the guy can make a great film . With this one , he 's just doing his own groovy experimental thing , and saying a big F you to the audience .
 I noticed that when I watched the extras and I did some research on the movie that a whole lot of folks did n't read the book . I think that the saving grace of this collection is that they include Walter Tevis ' novel . I picked this up as a David Bowie fan , and I do n't like to admit to that because it 's pretty much stupid to pick up a film because your favorite musician is moonlighting as the star of the film . It was also made at a point where Bowie was at his most compelling artistically and 2 of his best albums lift images from the film for use as album covers.That means nothing because Criterion packed the novel with the DVD . I picked up the Criterion copy without having read the novel or seen the movie . I decided to read the novel first and it was one of the most arresting pieces of literature I have ever read . The story was simple , yet sublime . And the experience of reading the novel seemed to break the wall between the reader and the reading and it became a very experiental read . Some of the commentary on the story points out an existential underpinning to the novel and I believe it . You feel anxiety at times , as well as alienation and discovery . Again , very experiental . It functions as very meaningful art.On the other hand the movie , while on one hand rewrites the characters , the events , the plot , and even the purpose and aims of the novel , is also a stupid , stupid , stupid movie . I can imagine walking away from the movie thinking something deeper is going on , but it really is n't . You can see this by what they added to the movie . There are moments that they adapt dialogue from the book , but there are meaningless asides all over the film . It 's hard to explain , but absorb the novel and then watch the film and you can see how badly all the creative liberties were implemented . It 's crummy.Candy Clark and Rip Torn are both interviewed for the Criterion edition of the film , as is Buck Henry and the let you know that while they have n't read the novel before or since , the script was something special . Not all enigmatic art is good art , and not all abstract or experimental filmmaking is successful . Just read the book first and this wo n't seem like a negative review.Also , becomes an exercise in sexual exploration when that theme was not even explored in the novel . There is maybe 2 lines in the book that 're vaguely sexual . One of the most touching elements of Newton 's and Betty-Jo 's -LRB- renamed Mary-Lou in the movie -RRB- is the nature of their relationship . Betty-Jo comes on to Newton but her role is more maternal , her purpose something more innocent , yet devestating . The fact that they do n't cross the line says something deeper about the relationship . Bryce 's character does not include an array of disposable co-eds . He 's shaken by the death of his wife and feels shame and guilt for even ogling a woman while watching a movie . The screenwriter explains his adaption of the novel but he used the book in a very vague way , much how the Hawthorne 's The Scarlet Letter was made a silly commentary on uninhabited sexuality in a puritanical setting -LRB- with a 90 's twist ! -RRB- in the film version starring Demi Moore and Gary Oldman.So yeah . Blah blah blah . Read the book . This was by no means an exhaustive list of liberties taken and that kind of thing does n't bother me . It was just silly and I want as many people to know as possible that the film is completely shallow and has nothing of real value to say , at least nothing that the book did n't already say with greater lucidity .
 What is it with Criterion ? Yes , we are grateful for the DVD release of classics , obscurities and under appreciated gems but enough with the bloated prices already !!! I can believe that the rules of supply and demand dictate higher prices for Criterion 's releases as they will not sell like your average Hollywood blockbuster . And I suppose that a great deal of legal wrangling with estates and the like , not to mention actual film restoration and editing rev up their costs but $ 56.00 for The Man who fell to Earth ?! Come on ! Maybe a few less bells and whistles with each film . I could do without a commentary from some film critic or interviews with the director from some Belgian TV program in 1976 . Just give us the movies at a more reasonable price .
 I enjoy heady science fiction . Tarkovsky 's `` Solaris , '' Kubrick 's `` 2001 '' and John Boorman 's `` Zardoz '' always make my top ten list of sci-fi films . Nicolas Roeg 's `` The Man Who Fell to Earth '' is in no way close in class to these other classics . It is far from a fascinating film . I 've seen it twice and it 's the sort of film which keeps you watching simply because you 're hoping SOMETHING is going to happen . Which never does . There is no sense of awe , mystery or tension in this film other than that sense of anticipation you feel believing you might be a scene away from a revelation . Unfortunately , that moment never arrives . What this film is an excellent example of is made-on-a-shoestring , freewheelingly vague , indulgent filmmaking typical of the `` outsider '' films of the seventies . Unfortunately , though , many of those film had some interesting elements , this film does not . It never delivers even a trace of accidental brilliance . Except for a fine cast -LRB- especially Candy Clark , who is reminiscent of `` Susan Alexander '' in `` Citizen Kane '' -LRB- in a good way -RRB- , this film would have not felt out of place at a drive-in beside `` The Legend of Boggy Creek . '' It 's really a very poor work of art , especially coming from Roeg . I suppose if you 're a cineaste , and want to fill out your film history , you might think you want to see it . But I would audition it at an art house before considering adding this to your collection . There have been few sloppier , draggy films made by a major filmmaker than `` The Man Who Felll to Earth . '' The cinematography is even lousy . I 'm giving it two stars , mainly for Candy Clark and Rip Torn 's performances . Oh , yes , David Bowie is rather awful , doing his impression of Andy Warhol from another planet . I know this is in the Criterion Collection - an amazing company - but do n't forget , they also -- for some unknown reason -- gave their wonderful packaging and transfer treatment to `` The Rock . ''
 This is certainly not a film for all tastes . If you like science fiction or David Bowie , go for it . But I ca n't say how it might affect you . My viewing experience was not pure , it was already influenced by a number of factors.What is it about ? Well , it 's about an alien from a faraway planet who travels to earth . Resources on his home planet are depleted and the planet has turned into something resembling the Sahara desert . TJ Newton is sent to Earth on a mission to find a way to save his planet and its remaining inhabitants.Directed by Nicholas Roeg , the film is strange , arresting , lugubrious , moody , at times annoying , unnerving , and convoluted . David Bowie was perfect for the role of the alien , T.J. Newton . His slender -LRB- rather , emaciated at the time -RRB- , boney , bird-like appearance already made him look otherworldly . Though the book by Walter Tevis is stronger and more moving -LRB- it 's a fairly short book - definitely worth the read , even more so than seeing the film -RRB- , the film - despite all its arty direction , is reasonably faithful to the story.I 've seen about 30 minutes of Walkabout , and I think the director sets the same , eerie mood . The cinematography - the colors and the natural settings -LRB- in the desert and the forests -RRB- - was ok . It adequately reflected the sense of isolation felt by Newton himself.Yet , the movie does a very poor job of explaining Newton 's purpose , which should have been brought to attention at the beginning . I can imagine a viewer who has n't read the book become rather frustrated as to what 's happening . And it 's too long . Some of the scenes are just useless . The sound quality is n't very good either.So why see it ? There are some very poignant , effective moments . In effect , it 's a story of a stranger coming to a strange land and the intense loneliness and isolation he feels . Would earthlings really treat TJ Newton the way those in this film did ? It 's ultimately a film about emotional connections and detachment.This film I think has a different impact for me , because I saw it conjunction with a number of things - namely , the Walter Tevis book -LRB- Tevis also wrote a book called The Hustler , which was turned into a film starring Paul Newman if I 'm not mistaken -RRB- and David Bowie . There was uncanny parallel -LRB- no doubt why they chose him -RRB- b.w Newton and Bowie , his former persona Ziggy Stardust , and b/w the film and his own life at the time.It 's an interesting film , but I 'd read the book first before considering seeing it . Sorry , this is a kind of vague recommendation , is n't it ? I think perhaps a less pretentious and well ... normal style -LRB- whatever that means -RRB- of filmmaking would have worked just fine . In fact the more I think about it , I 'd just read the book .
 After watching `` The Man Who Fell to Earth , '' I played the new DVD of `` All About Eve . '' Some contrast , eh ? There could n't be any two more-different films . Unfortunately , `` Eve '' shows rather harshly what is so very wrong with `` Man . '' -LRB- Hmmm ... -RRB- Remember the scene where Margo Channing is awakened at midnight by an operator announcing that her long-distance call to Bill Sampson is ready ? Margo knows nothing about the call , but gradually figures out that it was scheduled by Eve Harrington.Margo 's not happy about this , and as she hangs up and lights a cigarette , her facial expressions show that she 's finally starting to realize that Eve might not be a sweet ing&eacute;nue but a conniving little -LSB- female canine -RSB- . Margo says not a word , but we know exactly what 's going through her mind , courtesy of a talented actress . `` All About Eve '' is a Mankewicz talkfest , in which virtually everything is spelled out in the dialog , so this use of facial expression -- rather than words -- is surprising . But whether by word or expression , throughout `` All About Eve '' we are always aware of what the characters are thinking , and why.This is the problem with `` The Man Who Fell to Earth . '' Newton 's `` fall '' from advanced alien to feckless , affectless alcoholic is never properly dramatized . We do n't know his original mental state , nor do we see why the banality and materialism of human existence are so effective in pulling him down . The scenes that show how and why these things occur do n't exist . They were never written , and the director did n't seem to think they were needed . Yet they are the sine qua non of the story.It 's true that great works of art are often open to multiple interpretations . But deliberately making a motion picture ambiguous by leaving out critical information about a character 's emotional development does not add to its richness.The plot holes are annoying . Why is Newton -LRB- what an obvious name ! -RRB- prevented from piloting his space ship ? Who are the people who want to take over his company ? How are they able to get away with murdering the company 's president ? Why is Newton locked away and examined by scientists who are n't aware he 's alien?The film 's lack of scientific and technical logic also rub the wrong way . Why does Newton 's planet need water -- one of the most-common substances in the universe ? Why does n't Newton come to Earth in a reusable space ship ? And why is Newton 's first consumer product -- an instant-picture camera -- so drearily inferior to an SX-70 ? Perhaps the most disappointing thing about `` The Man Who Fell to Earth '' is that it wastes David Bowie 's beautiful performance . The supporting performers are badly miscast and seem quite out of place.Watching `` The Man Who Fell to Earth '' you come away with the feeling that Stanley Kubrick would have done it a lot better . Or at least more-interestingly . PS
 I watched `` When the Bough Breaks '' last night as an uncut , no commercials , cable TV movie.Up front , to give the movie credit , it was entertaining enough . No boredom . Just nagging thoughts.Too early in the movie , the parallels to `` Silence of the Lambs '' become very apparent . That started with the isolated underground captivity of the key informant/psych patient and continued all the way through the confrontation with the villain in the basement.But even before that comes the nagging impression that police department had simply not done a competent investigation . Does it really take a profiler from the state to see all these July 16 connections?Then comes the prosecutor 's nightmare . Ali simply breaks into the house without a search warrant . With all the things she sees , there goes any hope of a conviction . And this is a trained law enforcement officer?Does a trained law enforcement officer go into as dangerous an environment as that basement without notifying a dispatcher and asking for some backup ? Of course , having backup arrive from two miles away would have ruined the climax of the film.And so many loose ends ... -- The predominace of smoking , even extending to the child patient . -- Unexplained scratch-mauling of the profiler 's back . -- The disappearance of the police captain in the middle of the plot . -- The ability of a cop to so effectively hypnotize an autistic child . -- The question of the patient 's Jordan/Jennifer identity and reason for the wrist markings when the identity of the other twin seems so apparent.None of these mar the film 's entertainment value . It 's only afterwards that one feels diminished by a badly written screenplay .
 Is it just me , or what ? Am I the only one that wonders how you can sell something with NO picture , NO description or NO reviews?I 'm interested in this , but I have NO idea what I would be getting.PLEASE , GIVE ME SOMETHING TO GO BY .
 I had seen this move as a child on USA up all night and it scared me to death but as an adult i found this here and paid a pretty penny for it and was so disappointed and wandered what i had seen in this movie as a child cause this has to be the worst horror movie ever made . once i watched it once i sold it to a local bookstore . Do n't watch this movie and expect it to be scary cause it is n't
 The title of this move , according to IMDB , is `` Father and Son
 The information on this DVD is good but the actual production of the DVD is rubbish.The sound quality is very average and his voice seems to be rushed and muffled in parts.Also is is very hard to pick out what he is playing without slowing the DVD down.He seems to rush over important bits.I have the book as well and the two compliment each other .
 I received my 2004 guide to Great Britain today and excitedly leafed through the pages to start planning my trip -- I thoroughly enjoyed the pages about London -LRB- and booked my hotel based on Mr. Steves ' advice -RRB- but then I continued planning the rest of my trip -- Has there been an earthquake in England and the whole southern part disappeared into the Channel ? Where 's Canterbury ? Dover ? Hastings ? Chichester ? Brighton -- I have wasted my money since 2/3 of my trip is planned for this area and there was NOTHING in the ads or in the title of the book that says `` does not include information on the southern counties '' ... The book is a ripoff .
 I 've spent a year in England and have made &#62; 30 visits all together.Here are my reviews of the best guides ... to meet you r exact needs ... I hope these are helpful and that you have a great visit ! I always gauge the quality of my visit by how much I remember a year later ... this review is designed to help you get the guide that will be sure YOU remember your trip many years into the future . Travel Safe and enjoy yourself to the max!Rick Steves ' books are not recommended . They may be an interesting read but their helpfulness is very poor . They do n't do well on updates , transportation details , or anything but the first-time-tourist routine and even that is somewhat superficial on anything but the mega-major sites.Fodor ` sFodor 's is the best selling guide among Americans . They have a bewildering array of different guides . Here 's which is what : The Gold Guide is the main book with good reviews of everything and lots of tours , walks , and just about everything else you could think of . It 's not called the Gold guide for nothing though ... it assumes you have money and are willing to spend it.SeeIt ! is a concise guide that extracts the most popular items from the Gold GuidePocketGuide is designed for a quick first visitUpCLOSE for independent travel that is cheap and well thought outCityPack is a plastic pocket map with some guide informationExploring is for cultural interests , lots of photos and designed to supplement the Gold guideMapGuideMapGuide is very easy to use and has the best location information for pubs , hotels , tourist attractions , museums , churches etc. that they manage to keep fairly up to date . It 's great for teaching you how to use the underground and the double decker buses . The text sections are quick overviews , not reviews , but the strong suite here is brevity , not depth . I strongly recommend this for your first few times learning your way around the classic tourist sites and experiences . MapGuide is excellent as long as you are staying pretty much in the city centre . When you get to be an old London hand , remember that the classic Londoners guide will always be an A to Z -LRB- zed -RRB- map and guide . If you want to go a bit beyond the central core of the city -LRB- perhaps to Windsor , Hampton , or further away -RRB- you really need the proper AtoZ to be able to find exact routes and streets.Time OutThe Time Out guides are very good . Easy reading , short reviews of restaurants , hotels , and other sites , with good public transport maps that go beyond the city centre . Many people who buy more than one guidebook end up liking this one best!Blue GuidesWithout doubt , the best of the walks guides ... . the Blue Guide has been around since 1918 and has extremely well designed walks with lots of unique little side stops to hit on just about any interest you have . If you want to pick up the feel of the city , this is the best book to do that for you . This is one that you end up packing on your 10th trip , by which time it is well worn.MichelinFamous for their quality reviews , the Red Michelin Guides are for hotels & Restaurants , the Green Michelin Guides are for main tourist destinations . However , the English language Green guide is the one most people use and it has now been supplemented with hotel and restaurant information . These are the serious review guides as the famous Michelin ratings are issued via these books.Let 's GoLet 's Go is a great guide series that specializes in the niche interest details that turn a trip into a great and memorable experience . Started by and for college students , these guides are famous for the details provided by people who used the book the previous year . They continue to focus on providing a great experience inexpensively . If you want to know about the top restaurants , this is not for you -LRB- use Fodor 's or Michelin -RRB- . Let 's Go does have a bewildering array of different guides though . Here 's which is what : Budget Guide is the main guide with incredibly detailed information and reviews on everything you can think of.City Guide is just as intense but restricted to the single city.PocketGuide is even smaller and features condensed informationMapGuide 's are very good maps with public transportation and some other information -LRB- like museum hours , etc. -RRB- Lonely PlanetLonely Planet has City and Out To Eat Guides . They are all about the experience so they focus on doing , being , getting there , and this means they have the best detailed information , including both inexpensive and really spectacular restaurants and hotels , out-of-the-way places , weird things to see and do , the list is endless.Frommer ` sThese are time tested guides that pride themselves on being updated annually . Although I think the guides below provide information that is in more depth or more concise -LRB- depending on what the guide is known for -RRB- , if your main concern is that the guide has very little old or outdated information , then this would be a good guide for you .
 My boyfriend James and I just got back from Britain . We took this guide with us and were very disappointed with it . Mr. Steves claims that the information in his guide is updated yearly . Which information , I wonder ? We initially used the guide to choose B&B s ; , and the prices listed were consistently lower than the actual prices . One could assume that all the B&B s ; coincidentally raised their prices after the 2005 edition went to press . Except that one of our hosts told me , `` We have n't heard from Rick Steves or his representative in a few years . '' I can only assume that this statement in the introduction , `` I guarantee you 're using the most up-to-date information available in print , '' is nothing more than a marketing ploy.Supplementing the out-of-date information is information that is just plain wrong . James , who is from Britain , noticed that some of the road signs listed in the guide are not British at all , but are found in other European countries . Rather careless , what?If this was the only thing wrong with Rick Steves ' Great Britain , I might suggest buying an older , used edition . But there are other problems . Rick Steves claims his guide helps the reader save money . Yet the book makes no distinction between expensive and inexpensive tourist attractions and restaurants . It lists the major attractions in London without prices , despite the fact that , for example , the National Gallery is free and the Tower of London costs a staggering 14.50 . Would n't this be the sort of thing that readers on a budget would want to know?Given Rick Steves ' touted `` back door travel philosophy '' -LRB- p. 39 -RRB- , one might reasonably expect this book to be loaded with little-known gems . In fact , all the obvious tourist traps are listed , and little else . By and large , this book will not take you off the beaten path . It makes me wonder about Mr. Steves ' claim that he covers `` only the best . '' How does he know that the best is n't something he overlooked entirely while tramping along with the flood of other tourists?My boyfriend James put it best . After we ate lunch in York for 6.50 each , at the cheapest restaurant listed as being close to York Minster , we walked a block and found an Indian restaurant offering multi-course lunches for 5 . Once we had finished groaning , James commented , `` I think he 's just lazy . '' You know , I think he has the man pegged .
 On occasion , in the past , I have learned a couple of good tips from Steve 's pbs programs for safe travel , but I have found his travel guides to be as shallow as his tv programs when it comes to learning about a place . If you simply want to visit a country so you can say `` I was there and here are the snap shots to prove it '' then Steve is your guide ... but if you are interested in learning as much as possible from a guidebook before you go and while you are traveling and really experiencing a place , I much prefer the Rough Guides or the Eyewitness guides . The Rough Guides are particularly good at giving `` real inside advice '' and good history lessons
 I must begin with a caveat
 I considered taking Rick Steves on my trip to Scotland , but I was totally put off by his advice to forget searching online for airfares and just fork over $ 500 to a travel agent . Let 's Go Britain and Ireland recommended several places to search for tickets online and found me a flight on Icelandair that cost $ 250 . I flew into Glasgow -- a city that Rick Steves does n't even cover!If you 're happy paying extra to go exactly where Rick Steves wants you to go , maybe you should buy this book . If you want any part in the planning of your trip , Let 's Go is a much better choice .
 While browsing through a thrift store , I came across this Region 2 release of Antonio Sabato 's first movie , an Italian-filmed English language knock-off ofThe Karate Kidcalled `` The Kid with Iron Hands '' -LRB- aka `` Karate Rock '' -RRB- . Now , I like trashy karate B-movie schlock , but I can honestly say that this here is not only the worst `` Karate Kid '' derivative I have ever seen , but it is also the single worst martial arts picture I have watched in my life . There is so very little redeeming value to this illogically-made movie that it baffles me ; how can anybody make a film about martial arts that 's so deficient in all aspects of cinematic entertainment ? Well , director Fabrizio de Angelis -LRB- Karate Warriorseries -RRB- found a way , dammit , and everybody reading this review ought to be glad you have n't heard of this debacle before.The story follows the basic `` Karate Kid '' premise - a new kid on the block -LRB- Sabato , Testosterone -RRB- runs afoul of the local karate-practicing bully -LRB- Andrew Parker -RRB- because of a girl -LRB- Natalie Hendrix , bit player inForrest Gump -RRB- and ends up learning the martial arts from a wizened old master -LRB- Robert Chan -RRB- to save his social life - but damn if it is n't the laziest and most flawed retelling ever . I 'm not even sure if the film deserves the word karate in its title , since Sabato 's character does n't learn the martial arts until the final eighteen minutes of the movie . Seem like a short time ? - the characters agree , with the bully making a comment indicating that only a single day passes between Antonio learning the moves and the climatic showdown between the two of them . Until then , the plot revolves almost singularly around a popularity contest between them , highlighted by a set of car races.Of the few low-budget Italian films that I 've seen , none of them have been very good , and thus I declare `` Karate Rock '' as Italian B-moviemaking at its worst , practically atJoe D'Amatolevels of klutziness . On the technical side , the movie not only features poor visual quality , but is also filled with unnecessary exit shots -LRB- cars driving away , characters walking away , etc. -RRB- , unsettling close-ups , unfathomable emphasis on minor characters making throwaway comments , obvious dubbing of other characters ' voices , and an awful electronic soundtrack . Dramatically , the performers - none of them very good , includingDavid Warbeckas Antonio 's father - need to contend with forced dialogue clearly not penned by a native English speaker -LRB- Olga Pehar , Black Demons -RRB- . A lot of the writing is simply unfathomable , like how everybody in Antonio Sabato 's new homestead immediately knows his name and everything about his past . Aesthetically , the movie is boring to look at , with an unexciting color palate and dreary visuals.I like to talk about a film 's action content in my reviews , but in this case there 's so little to talk about that it hardly merits its own section . First of all , disregard the cover art
 Originally advertised as the first picture filmed entirely by a cast and technicians from the Actor 's Studio , this tale of power play amongst the cadets of a Southern military academy , only comes alive when it features the material that the Production Code of the 1950 's demanded be cut . Based on the autobiographical novel and play End as a Man by Calder Willingham , director Jack Garfein uses the music of Kenyon Hopkins noticably in the scenes between Ben Gazzarra as an upperclass man and Paul E Richards as a presumably gay cadet Gazzarra nicknames Cockroach , who wears a shower cap when the other cadets do n't . Richards is a `` creative writer '' who names the Gazzarra character in his novel `` nightboy '' . Their best scene together is where Richards reads to Gazzarra , who plays with his sword ! Clearly Gazzarra is not adverse to Richard 's attention , and their farewell handshake is more a sensual than manly experience . Gazzarra 's relationship with Richards is also echoed in his friendship with football jock James Olson , where Gazzarra reacts to being casually touched . I also like idea of Gazzara 's cigarette holder , though his kissing his own wrist at one point is a little too self-consciously Method . But whilst it is interesting to observe these subversive -LRB- for the period -RRB- elements , the narrative ultimately disappoints in the treatment of Gazzara as the academy 's resident sadist . The Actors Studio adaptation needs to create an ensemble , as opposed to allowing Gazzara to star , which dissipates the tension and reduces his threat . Whilst it may be more psychologically truthful for him to underplay his psychotic nature , with the addition of Freudian insight which makes him more intellectual than physically violent , this does n't help the drama , which is even more obvious when the far more satisfying climax uses mob intimidation and a physical act of revenge . The worst of the Actors Studio excess is in the presentation of victim Arthur Storch who is said to be schizophrenic and thus an easy target . Storch has coke-bottle spectacles , buck teeth , cartoon at attention posture , ambition to become a priest , is a mommy 's boy , afraid of women , and anti-alcoholic . Gazzara 's interest in Storch is inexplicable , even if he does hold him down while Olson spanks him with a broom , but as a good part of the film has us trapped in one room -LRB- the stage origins show here -RRB- while we 're supposed to observe how bad Gazzara is , proceedings crawl into tedium . Or perhaps this kind of s/m power play just does n't hold that much interest for me . The academy rooms have cell-like iron gates in front of the doors , and even though they are n't locked , the film opens with a guard hitting each as he passes , doing a role call . Watch for Gazzara 's sci-fi buggy car , which has room in the back for a passenger .
 The movie was much less than I expected . I found themovie to be more boring than something that would catchand hold a viewer 's interest .
 This has to be the worst guitar video EVER!Craig just plays a bunch of real fast stuff and does n't slow anything down or explain anything.Also , this is called `` Hard Rock-Heavy Metal Lead Guitar '' and he puts a LOT of emphasis on the rhythm part to the song `` Dream Evil '' . GREAT song , but I can learn it through tabs if I wanted.The box says that is has hammer on and pull off exercises when it does n't and it does n't have ANY tapping licks.If you are an intermediate metal guitarist like I am , skip this video and get Paul Gilbert 's `` Intense Rock : Sequences and Techinques '' . It is a bit pricey , but it is well worth it .
 I try very hard to only buy widescreen DVD 's . This was advertised as Widescreen and even the plastic case says it is ... . but it is formatted to standard TV size . Such a cheap DVD that it is not worth the hassle to return it but buyer beware ...
 Although the picture quality is acceptable , there is no score on this version of the film . Very disappointing . Should have been noted in the product details .
 Tried this once and threw it out.Way too easy . I barely felt a burn and laughed every time the instructor recommended a modification for `` beginners '' . This whole video is sub-beginner level . Heavy-up and add more reps while Tracy is talking in between moves to get anything out of this.Boring . Instructor is boring . Routine is boring . Outdated and BORING.I would 've given this a negative 0 if I could have .
 I 'm all for DIY film making -- unfortunately this falls way short . Poorly acted , poorly written . It 's called a comedy -- but it 's not at all funny . I did n't care about any of the characters except for wondering how long I would have to endure them . I ca n't recommend this film . Save your money .
 This dvd was a bit of a disappointment . From the cover -LRB- showing Big Bird -RRB- , I expected so see a lot more muppets than are on this dvd . It 's almost entirely a group of PEOPLE from the neighborhood sitting around a piano and singing.My son is very young -LRB- 41/2 mos . -RRB- and he gets interested in the muppets , not so much the people - especially when the people are n't really `` doing '' anything but standing around singing.He much prefers the Sesame Street `` Hoot and Holler '' dvd , which is a lot of muppet animals singing songs and doing other things . That one keeps his attention and makes him smile!The other frustration with all of the Sesame Street dvd 's is that , before you can select `` play '' or chapters , etc. , they show an `` ad '' for the sesame street program that you can not skip over or fast forward . So you have to watch it every single time , on every dvd , and wait for it to finish before you can actually push the button to start the actual play . Also , the function for selecting songs -LRB- chapters -RRB- only shows the first half of the dvd unless you fast forward to the middle first .
 a little disappointed in this , thought it be better , it isnt horrible but its short , old and not real good for a toddler
 Although this film is not at all a direct adaption of Burrough 's novel , I ca n't help but compare the two , only because i really enjoyed the novel but had trouble sitting through the film . I think that there are several elements in the book -LRB- and in Burrough 's work in general -RRB- that are lacking in the film that can account for my dislike of `` Naked Lunch the movie '' . First of all , the novel is written in what can be described as cartoon skits , albeit disturbing `` cartoons . '' However , while the novel is cartoonish and in constant motion , the film moves slowly with humans and scenes that are , well , all-too-human -LRB- even William Lee 's cockroach typewriter -RRB- . Secondly , the book is funny . The film , on the other hand , lacked the outrageous comedy of the novel and the outrageous atmosphere in general ; the novel gives the impression of a mad-romp into hell , the film is more like a burdened walk . Overall , i found this movie to be slow without sufficient elements to hold my attention . Unlike , for example , Bukowski 's `` Barfly '' , which is wonderfuly honest and brutal , `` Naked Lunch '' comes off as pressing the issue , as trying too hard , and ultimately fails to accomplish whatever it was trying too hard to do .
 Is it weird that I have not read the book and yet I have some of the same issues and concerns about this film as those who have and are comparing the two ? Usually , when a director interprets a literary work with his own sense of style and cinematic purposes , it is ONLY those set on seeing a direct adaptation who find offence or duress in the end result . Considering that ` Naked Lunch ' is arguably ` unfilmable ' as so many have put it , it is only to be expected that David Cronenberg had to adapt his material in a way that made it ` filmable ' . Still , it just did n't seem to work for me.Now I have a very rocky relationship with David Cronenberg . I find some of his films fascinating -LRB- ` The Fly ' , ` Dead Ringers ' -RRB- but I find a lot of his films just missing that something -LRB- ` A History of Violence ' , ` Spider ' , ` Crash ' -RRB- . ` Naked Lunch ' is missing something for me . It is n't ` bad ' , but it does n't step up and become something truly mesmerizing . Listen , I love bizarre and strange and provocative and mysterious and macabre , believe me , so maybe everything that I dislike about this movie are all things I should adore , but at the end of the day Cronenberg 's tricks seem somewhat misplaced here and wind up yanking the prose down a notch for me.It was like Cronenberg could n't strike that balance between overtly serious and recklessly absurd.The film revolves around Bill , an exterminator who becomes addicted to insecticide and winds up hallucinating in a drug idled fog and killing his wife only to flee to a place called Interzone where he is commissioned to write reports for gigantic bugs disguised as typewriters that live their perverse desires vicariously through their owners . The madness continues to escalate as the hallucinations take over and reality becomes a blur , where alien creatures converse with humans and everyone pretends -LRB- ? -RRB- to be homosexual in order to hide who they really are.This should have worked , and yet ... it just did n't . Peter Weller 's performance is a dud of sorts , delivering absolutely no emotion whatsoever . I understand that this was probably -LRB- most definitely -RRB- intentional , but for me it was overkill and took me out of the story completely . The one good thing I can say about this film though is that everyone around Weller completely absorbed the tones of the film and delivered outstanding performances , especially Judy Davis and Ian Holm . Davis was just fantastic , riding that ` camp ' line without ever crossing it , creating a character that was outrageous and salacious and completely engaging . Ian Holm sinks into his character with ease , teasing and flirting and commanding each scene rather impeccably.Oh how I wanted this to be a better film!Alas , in the end I 'm torn . It certainly has its artistic merits that make it watchable and even respectable . The way that Cronenberg uses his props and surroundings to encapsulate the fears that abound within the writing process alone is pretty effective , and yet the Coen Brothers did the very same thing to much finer effect that very same year with ` Barton Fink ' . I just think that Cronenberg got carried away trying too hard to mesh two worlds . It 's apparent from fellow reviewers that William S. Burrough 's novel is of a different tone than the one presented by Cronenberg . This seems to be a case where a director 's personal vision conflicted too heavily with the original intentions of the author and thus delivered something that seemed awkward and unfocused , even to those unfamiliar with the source material.One thing is for certain ; I need to read this book !
 This film can not hold a candle to Burroughs ' literary masterpiece . Admitedly , I had high hopes , but I really was n't expecting it to be this far off the mark . The film misses some of the most crucial and intense social commentaries that Burroughs weaved into his novel . While it would be hard to reproduce a cut-up on the big screen , I felt like too much time was spent on the superficial physical oddities and it seemed as though there was an attempt to make the story linear when it really is n't . It 's a decent attempt , but just does n't capture the depth of what Burroughs was writing about .
 I really did not enjoy this item . Having never read the classic , I thought I could shortcut the process with the movie version . Although the delivery , pricing , etc. were all swell , I just could n't get myself to benefit from whatever I was expecting of the story 's contents . It ' just too abstract and rambling for me .
 The movie felt like a bad trip . It created a surreal world occupied by a person lost in the seeking of physical gratification in a psuedo chemo-sexual haze , while straining for self importance through artistic creativity . Unless you 're into this , it may leave you asleep or queasy .
 I picked up a book a few years back entitled `` The New York Times Guide to the Best 1000 Movies Ever Made '' . Although I have had qualms with some of their choices , I found it a fairly reliable guide to good movies I might never have seen otherwise . `` Naked Luch '' is a selection in that book which is the only reason I chose to watch . I mention that because I feel compelled to justify why on earth I would have ever decided to waste 115 minutes of my life watching this disgusting movie . I know , I know ... I could have rescued most of those minutes by turning off the TV as soon as I realized how awful this movie is . However , in the interest of fairness , I have tended to try and watch a movie all the way through . Many a time the last half hour will make up for all the meandering in the first 90 minutes . As a public service to anyone reading this review , I will publicly declare that , once you 've decided for yourself that `` Naked Lunch '' is pointless , disgusting depravity , it is time for you to turn it off . Nothing gets better , nothing becomes suddenly meaningful , nothing emerges in any sort of redemptive awareness , nothing will happen to make you glad you staid with it . After the first 20-30 minutes , I had to check to see how long the movie is to know how much more I was going to have to suffer.OK , this movie will be appealling to a significant segment of the movie-viewing world . I pass no judgement on them ; to each his own . I will admit that the film is well put together ; not like some shoe-string , basement cutting room , self-financed `` art '' film . The special effects are grotesquely well done . The leading character is played by Peter Weller who defines the term `` dead pan '' . Overall , the cast , in human form , does well at what they 're supposed to emote . There are , I suppose , a great many symbolisms about writing , addictive behavior , the meaningless of life , whatever . I was not motivated to search for any of that ; I was just looking for the movie to end . This is one depressing film .
 this movie has got to be THE WORST and most disgusting movie I have ever seen . it was also damn boring and the plot was really stupid just like in most cronenbergs flicks . why did n't he stay in the adult business ? really , when I was n't trying to keep myself from vomiting , I was having a hard time keeping my eyes open . I ca n't see any good reason to buy this movie unless you 're somekind of a sick bug-o-phile . thank god I borrowed it from a friend . that guy is no longer a friend.I liked the book though .
 First a disclaimer . I did n't read the Borroughs book . Having watched the film , I have no intention to . As far as the movie goes , I could n't even begin to tell what the plot wass . The entire journey was nauseating ; not due to content , but the lack there of . The only thing that kept me going was the faint hope that it would deliver a strong ending . In this aspect , this movie failed to a greater extent than any movie I have ever seen in my life . There was n't an ending , it was simply a cut to scrolling credits . The only thing I could do was laugh at the idea that maybe someone made this film with the sadistic intent of wasting the time of any audience that might be compelled to watch . I 'm sure you can find a better drug movie to spend your time on if you look just a little harder .
 This film is what people who masquerade as artists produce . Which accounts for much of Hollywood today . This is your film if you like pain . This film is like a puzzle that is just plain cardboard on both sides . One thing can be said for this , it will leave images in your mind that will take far too long to disappear . But then alot of Hollywood `` artists '' just want to get inside your head and disturb you . A picture void of all hope which leaves you feeling dirty and intellectually violated . If you would like to be raped mentally , this film is for you . A drug induced world of pain from tortured minds .
 I wasnt informed on the website by the seller that i would need a european dvd player to watch the movie .
 Smoke another doobie if you watch this one . Extremely bizarre and disturbing .
 I think Dante 's ninth circle of hell is watching Naked Lunch over and over again for all of enernity . This has to be the worst movie ever made . To compare Naked Lunch to Fear and Loathing is assinine .
 `` Exterminate all rational thought . '' Packed with extras , the new digital edition of David Cronenberg 's adaptation of William Burrough 's NAKED LUNCH stars Peter Weller , who plays Burrough 's as a monotonic wife-killing misanthrope engulfed by hellish visions . This macabre comedy attempts to makes rational the irrational but does not quite gell as a film . An A for effort .
 That being , of course
 This review is for the Criteiron Collection DVD edition of the film.This odd film is based on the even more weird novel of the same name by William S. Burroughs . The novel was said to be unfilmable even after this film was made.The film is about a pest exterminator who becomes addicted to the insect poison he uses to kill the bugs . Mass hallucinations of giant bugs who talk and turn themselves into typewriters and back are a result . The hallucinations continue to a point where one can not tell what is real and what is just in his head.The film has impressive acting by Peter Weller and some interesting props including an Arabic script typewriter . The special effects of the film are also very ingenious and well done.The DVD also has some good special features.Disc one contains the film with optional audio commentary by director David Cronenberg and lead actor Peter Weller.Disc 2 contains a British TV documentary about the film 's production , an essay about the special effects used in the film and illustrations of the puppets and other props used in production . There is a photo gallery stills and marketing materials , a set of still photos of William S. Burroughs from a collection once owned by Allen Ginsberg , and an audio recording of Burroughs reading excerpts from the novel . For those who have not read the book , I caution that these selections contain some extremely graphic material that is pornographic even by today 's standards . The audio segement alone would certainly get an NC-17 rating if the MPAA listened to it . One of the actors commented that if the film followed the book exactly , it would be banned in `` every country of the world `` The box set also includes a 24 page booklet with essays about the film , the novel and William S. Burroughs.This film is not recommended for everyone .
 David Cronenberg film based on a William S. Burroughs novel . A mystery science fiction/horror satire with no real plot structure or theme worth pondering over.The story follows the depraved life of a pest controller/writer who succumbs to the hallucinogenic effects of his pesticides . It 's really more a coming-out-of-the-closet story disguised as bad science fiction/horror . This depraved farce is nothing but a sequence of homosexual/bestial innuendos from beginning to end . This story and film is an utterly grotesque composition that makes Fellini 's ` Satyricon ' seem like a Disney film.The film merely enlightens the viewer as to how so-called ` artists ' can display such bad taste under the guise of creativity . An average porno film has more creativity and plot than this worthless piece of self-flattery . I urge you to spare yourselves the agony I have had to endure watching this filth .
 This TV show is a GREAT SHOW , but do not buy these DVD 's because they cut a LOT out . No smoking joints , no tooting lines to account for the little trysts these ladies go through . Without these `` actions '' as a frame of reference , a person who had never seen this show before might just think these ladies are cuckoo . -LRB- well they might be , but for good reason ! -RRB- Fabulous Darling .
 audio is terrible - picture quality is poor - we are disappointed , were set to see many.wish they warned us before we hit the buy button .
 dry predictable and frankly not believable . who lives like this ? no one ! dry predictable and frankly not believable . who lives like this ? no one ! dry predictable and frankly not believable . who lives like this ? no one !
 A friend highly recommended this so I watched one episode . That was enough for me . The canned laughter was annoying but not as annoying as the show itself which basically is about an alcoholic fashion designer and her serious daughter . I saw absolutely NOTHING funny about this show but of course everyone is different ... Now that I think about it , the friend who suggested this to me is a very heavy drinker so maybe that 's why she thought it was so hilarous ??
 I rented season one because I was considering buying the DVDs . I am so glad I did . I chose it based on the reviews . It is about 2 women who are drunk all the time -LRB- and I mean all the time -RRB- and do drugs . What is funny about that ? It was even depressing because one of the women has a teenage daughter who lives with her and has to witness what a sloppy drunk her mother is . The main actress -LRB- and I use the term loosely -RRB- totaly over acts her part . I wish someone could explain where the humor is because I certainly could n't find it . I watched 3 of the 6 episodes on the DVD thinking maybe it would get better ; it did n't . If you are considering buying this DVD I recommend you rent it first . This was absolutely stupid .
 I am not sure why somebody would compare this pathetic piece of . . `` art '' to SEX AND THE CITY . After reading all the `` 5 stars '' reviews I ordered this DVD and boy , was I dissapointed ! It is nothing like the SEX AND THE CITY ! It is even more pathetic than the NANNY -LRB- if this is even possible -RRB- . Save your money for something better !
 SUFFERED THROUGH 10 MINUTES OF THIS BRIT-COM AND TURNED IT OFF ! MUST BE CULTURAL ??? ADULT WAS ACTING HORRIBLE ; CHILD WAS THE ADULT BAD EXAMPLE OF FAMILY LIFE .
 A friend recommended this series . She had found it hilarious but after two episodes I had seen and heard more than enough . Call me old fashioned , but I do n't find watching women getting horribly drunk , behaving irresponsibly , and making fools of themselves at all funny . Could it be because I was once married to an alcoholic ?
 This was not my kind of show . Brashy women , and not sure if writing was good . Just not my style . Wished I would have read more about it before purchasing .
 Well , being a ratherly `` old '' movie I guess that certain scenes for the time were `` obscene '' , but compared to the movie `` the Image '' -LRB- our first Metzger film -RRB- it really sucks ! The backround noise is terrible ! When they are not talking you have to turn down the volume due to the `` backround shhhhhhh noise '' . The movie is about the `` life stories '' of two working girls -LRB- one in Paris and one in Munich -RRB- , it gives a pretty good inside view of their `` daily routines '' . Do n't expect any hardcore scenes ! The best you get is 3 pairs of `` boobies '' , but for the time I guess that was already very `` daring '' ! THe stories are ok ... . if you like the 60 's . .
 love the movie . made me cry . I was expecting the original movie but it still is a wonderful story to watch
 Good quality picture but the missing minute on DVD was the whole theme behind the story &#62; -LRB- glad I had seen the VCR recording years or I woulh not have known what the theme was -RRB-
 You know it 's bad when you ca n't even get worked up enough to care when the dog 's die . This maybe the worst movie I have ever seen . Not true to the book , poorly acted and whose idea was it to have scenes the narrator is clearly saying happened at night filmed in broad daylight with the sun shining ? A high school drama/film class could have put on a better production . Stick with the book . Seriously .
 You 'd think with the money of Disney and modern filmmaking technology that a studio could make a great version of this classic book . Alas , it is not to be with this version of Red Fern.The seeming little things get glossed over like the impact of Billy 's first trip into the city . Would it be so hard to shoot the fire escape scene or the ladies laughing at Billy in town ? Those things made Billy 's character ring true in the book ... And the emotional connection between Billy and the dogs is almost non-existent . Good casting and the opening scene is almost directly from the book ... After that scene I had high hopes ... This film just does n't quite make it .
 What a let down . I was so excited about this movie , but it is a flop . What in the world was Disney thinking !? If you loved the book ... you will hate the movie .
 I read the book and never saw the first movie . I expected so much from this DVD and it DID NOT deliver . Beautiful scenery , and mediocre performances kept it a float , but it FLEW through the plot . I finished the movie thinking , `` That 's it ? '' No real character development for the boy , his dogs , or even grandpa . Do n't bother buying this for $ 23 - $ 25 . Maybe rent it , or better , borrow it from someone who wasted their money on it . Buy the book , it is SO SO much better .
 I 've never been that fond of dog stories including this movie based on the well known book Where the Red Fern Grows . But if you enjoy the boy and his dog genre this movie adaptation was n't done very well and this may be a problem for people who loved the novel and these types of stories as well.The couple of good points of the movie are that the blue grass music seemed fitting to portray the rural country feel of the book , and the settings are mostly done well having an Ozark mountain feel to them . Other than that there really is not much done well in this film . While the music is fitting it still was used far too often becoming quite obnoxious . Likewise the settings are too picture perfect for a very poor mountain farm.My three biggest complaints are the constant inaccuracy of the book to movie translation . It 's perfectly fine to edit a few parts but to include stupid mistakes in the details of the plot is just annoying to fans of the book . The night hunting scenes of the nocturnal raccoons were filmed in the day and they left out the snowy weather that was an important pert of the situation.My second complaint is the horrible acting from all of the characters . The attempted southern hillbilly accents were like a joke . When the scenes tried to be dramatic it ended up being funny . My last complaint is that the entire book was supposed to be about the love and relationship that Billy and his dogs share with each other but that was pretty much nonexistent in this movie ! Overall this may appeal to younger audiences who are n't able to notice these problems but if you read and enjoyed the book do n't waste your time with a mediocre attempt like this .
 SOme reviewers stated they couldnt understand why this movie wasnt released in the theaters . After watching the movie ... I can see why . Billy and his `` folks '' are portrayed WAY too sappy sweet , the acting is just horrid , and the musical score gives the whole picture an `` aint we all just so silly '' feel . This was my favorite book when i was young , and never have I seen a worse book to screen adaptation . I cant see how they did it , but the director actually caused me NOT to feel a thing when the dogs died at the end . Wow !! The book left me in tears ... but the movie made me just want it to be over so i could watch something else . And Dave Matthews ... please please please ... dont quit your day job .
 Where the Red Fern Grows has been my favorite book since my second grade teacher read it to us . Now I read it to my 5th grade class . The original movie was very disappointing , as it did not follow the book . I have always hoped that the movie would be remade and remain true to the book . Such was my anticipation when I bought the 2004 release . Unfortunately , this version has the same bastardizations as the original movie and other facets that make it difficult to enjoy . For example , most of the hunting is done in the daytime , even though the narration says it is night . Like the original movie , Billy does not win the coon hunt outright , but rather the real winner declares Billy the winner and gives the trophy and money to him . Many of the highlights of the book are left out , which I can understand due to time constraints , but why ca n't we get a movie of Where the Red Fern Grows that makes some attempt to remain true to the book ?
 This wonderful book deserves much more than this movie . I was hoping for so much more , especially from Disney . It seemd to me that it was made hastily and on a tight budget ... Coleman and Ned Beatty -LRB- sp ? -RRB- did their part , but Dave Matthews ? This story did not deserve to have an actor if his inability playing the role of the young man 's father . As a young man who read this book over and over , and for a Father who was excited about having his 6 year old son watch this movie with him , I am very , very dissapointed .
 I showed this movie to my 4th graders after reading the book to them . They were a little disappointed with the movie . It left out some crucial scenes that lead the reader/watcher to make a connection to Billy and so the movie is not as meaningful as the book . There were lots of tears in the book , not so many during the movie . My students were also disappointed in the lack of details of some of the biggest scenes in the book , the boy dying with the ax , the hunting competion , the death scene . It 's a good movie , but no where near as good as the book .
 I think the biggest problem with this movie is the casting . The actress who plays the supposed mother living in the middle of nowhere looks like a model , and has very odd and awkward expressions . The gentleman who plays the father acts poorly , the young man who plays the lead character feels much older than he is supposed to be , and plays the part a bit too goody goody for believability . The only part well played in the movie is the part played by Dabney Coleman . This movie feels like a cheap made for TV movie , which is a real shame given the pedigree of the book to which it represents .
 In my opinion , the book Where the Red Fern Grows was much better than the movie . I think because the movie had to be cut to a certain length , the directors were not able to capture a lot of the concepts the author of the book Where the Red Fern Grows was able to capture . For example , by leaving out the part when Little Ann fell into the freezing lake we were not able to see Old Dan panic for her , which showed us how much he cared for her . Also , in the book , it was clearly stated that Old Dan was brave and curious while Little Ann was smart , laid back , and wise . In the movie , I felt these characteristics were overlooked . I think the movie had a low budget and the directors were not able to hire the best actors . I think if they had been able to hire more experienced actors the movie would have seemed a lot more real and would have caught a lot more interest from its viewers.I did not like the movie as much as the book because I thought the most important detail in it was how close Billy was to his dogs . It was important how he loved them so much and that he changed from a young boy to a young man because of having Old Dan and Little Ann . The book emphasized that a lot while it did not seem to be shown in the movie . I liked how in the book , you could relate to Billy and understand how Billy felt a lot more because he practically told you his feelings as the book went along . In the movie , you saw it happening but could not easily relate . That is a problem in many movies because it is very difficult to show the character 's feelings by filming what is happening . Overall , I think each tiny detail in the book was what made it so interesting while I think the movie was simply boring !
 Its a sad and pathetic world when a book this good has not one , but TWO crappy movies !! -LRB- no , i wont count the sequel . . it was actually better than these because it WAS N'T based off of a book ! -RRB- Instead of copying word for word from the first movie they could have made it so much better by using different scenes that were more important ! There were a LOT of scenes to choose from like when Billy trapped the first coon , or saving Little Anne from the frozen river , or when Old Dan is stuck in a tree and the scene where Little Anne wins the beauty contest.Seriously ... . this is a waste of time . waste of money . waste of space . I feel bad for those poor dogs and the little girls who had to be in this . i know i need to read the book again but i could have sworn there were three sisters ... . not two . . Most of all the older actors , directors , and scrip writers should hang their heads in shame for being so shallow and unoriginal . they even had the nerve to do a remake of the Andy Williams song at the very very end of the credits ! and thats another thing . the songs from this version were so ill timed and out of place , not to mention out of time ! Wynonna indeed ... were they trying to lure in the audience with that song ?? All i am happy about is ... my instincts were right . I 'm glad i waited so long to finally see this because i was worried it would be as bad as the first . . I 'm glad i didnt pay to see it -LRB- unless you count netflix -RRB- and I 'm GLAD i watched it online instead of wasting a movie rental and ruining my weekend!Trust me if you are a fan of the book this will leave a BAD taste in your mouth . Sorry , spoiler alert !!! The lion is n't killed , Billy DOES N'T trip Prichard , and you do n't even get to see hounds sliding around on wet floors . i admit i liked the first movie for their attempt at humour . this movie did n't even TRY ! their one attempt involved Billy trespassing on his way to get the pups and getting shot at . wow ... if it was possible i would delete this version from my memory . Now i 'm off to read the book instead . thats the best i can do .
 Do n't waste your money or time on this movie . The acting is awful , the writing is bad , and the music just does n't fit . I recommend the origial movie . It is better by far .
 My son and I read the book together not too long ago . I was so excited to watch the movie and what a disappointment ! Some of the scenes were actually laughable . It seems as though Disney threw this together and was unwilling to spend any money on production -LRB- coon hunts were filmed during the daytime ! -RRB- The acting was horrible . With such a wonderful story to work with I am amazed at how bad this movie was .
 I thought the acting in this movie was very poor . It also changes the book and it show how devoted the dogs are to the boy or how much real work it took to get the dogs . The hunting is in warm weather and in the day time , very unrealistic . It also does not portray the true poverty that this mountain people we in . I thought it was a poor interpretation of the book .
 So here 's the deal
 Having never seen the 1970 's version of the movie , but having re-read the book relatively recently to my kids , I was interested in seeing how a rather politically incorrect novel -LRB- I mean , those raccoons paid the price , did n't they ? -RRB- would suffer under Disneyification.Eeesh ! This movie could be a case study in how NOT to adapt a much-beloved novel ! First , it is obviously fairly low-budget . They must have spent most of their money on paying Ned Beatty , Dabney Coleman and Dave Matthews . This left precious little cash for other things , like re-shoots . It just seems like anyone with half a brain looking at the dailies -LRB- what was shot that day -RRB- , would have to realize that certain key scenes just did n't work and needed to be re-done . Like the instance when the neighbor boy falls on his ax and is killed . I do n't expect graphic blood and gore . I would expect some emotional intensity . A better director would have been able to communicate the horror of such a situation without having to resort to nightmare-inducing visuals . But what this movie delivers is some sort of barely coherent scene that is really dependent on someone having read the book even to be able to understand what had happened.The same is true with many other key points in the plot , including the sad deaths of the dogs . This movie phones it in . Unbelievable.Like almost all films that try to deal with rural life , either in the present or in the past , this one completely fails to create a realistic , believable world . These people had a hard life . What did they do ? Heck , we do n't know . Dave Matthews lingers around the yard a lot , in spotless overalls and a hat completely sweat-stain-free . The kid has a bicycle , which is absurd , considering that the family could n't even buy him shoes.The actress playing the mother is bad , bad , bad . She does look a little Native American , but not like someone from the 1920s or '30s . She appears to have just left a mall in Orange County , CA . The actor playing Billy is OK , given what he has to work with . Most of the blame has to be with the script and the direction.Live-action family movies are becoming more and more rare . And honestly , if they are going to be like this , they should become extinct.One more thing
 I thought it was awful , because it left out a truck-load of details . Such as
 Do n't waste your money on this one !!! Buy the original , or better yet , read the book . Dave Mathews is a great singer , but as an actor , he leaves a lot to be desired . The director shows us the child as overly happy , sappy , and a somewhat robotic character who doe not add anything to the film . The only really great actors were the Red Bone Hounds .
 I have seen this film on Tv in England and it was nearly uncut , with all the very hot scenes between Plato and Hall intact . Yet on the DVD version , strangely most of the scenes were cut ! as if anyone would wish to buy the film for the storyline ! , Anyway , I was disappointed with the rating , and hope the studio would reissue the film unrated , and with some extras as well , as we come to expect from any DVD release .
 I had seen this Film previously , and enjoyed it . So When I bought it , I expected to see the film again . I did not . There are entire scenes missing . And I am bitterly dissapointed . If I had bought this in the UK , I would be protected by the trade descriptions act . As I bought it from the US site , I think I have been done out of my hard earned cash . Suffice to say , dont buy this film ... . cause you want get what you paid for .
 I had seen this Film previously , and enjoyed it . So When I bought it , I expected to see the film again . I did not . There are entire scenes missing . And I am bitterly dissapointed . If I had bought this in the UK , I would be protected by the trade descriptions act . As I bought it from the US site , I think I have been done out of my hard earned cash . Suffice to say , dont buy this film ... . cause you want get what you paid for .
 I brought this video so my boyfriend and I could watch it together , thinking it was going to be pretty intense and racy . What a disappointment ! The extent of the raciness was showing Dana Plato and her co-star topless . In addition , there was very little `` activity '' going on between the two of them . Even Mr. Drummond would n't be blown away by this movie . And the plot was so incredibly stupid . And sadly , throughout the whole movie I could n't help but think Dana Plato was totally on something . Her eyes were open so wide that it looked abnormal.I would advise anyone thinking about purchasing this movie to save their money ; it 's just not worth it .
 This weak attempt at a `` lesbian '' movie was completely uninspired and devoid of any grasp with reality . The dialogue was contrived and at times laughable . The script left a lot to be desired . The characters were shallow . The `` love scenes '' were nothing close to reality . The `` flashbacks '' were used as filler make up for the lacking script . This movie is n't good for much but a good laugh . And I did laugh out loud a few times at the ridiculous dialogue .
 This movie is not anything like the television show , Diff ` rent Strokes , which also starred Dana Plato . There is not one , I repeat , not one scene with Arnold or Willis or Mr. Drummond . Not one !
 I bought the unrated dvd because I 'm a Dana Plato fan . When I started the movie , I was stunned by the opening scene . It was for some actress named Pandora Peaks . I was like , what is this ? There were two other women too who where gyrating and wiggling and acting disgusting . I 'm not going to go into detail what they were doing.Dana Plato was desperate when she decided to make this movie . First , she really does n't look that great naked compared to the busty women that also appeared in the movie.The movie opens with her arriving at an airport . She appears to be loaded . She must have taken something just before they said `` action '' . She arrives at a house of the man she will be shooting pictures with . He has a terrible body and he should keep his clothes on.Landon Hall comes in and her eyes meet Dana 's . I 'm sure Landon was thinking , I can sure do a lot better than this girl . In the pool scene , Dana is pasty white and very scrawny with a pasty butt . Also she had a weird smile on her face in the pool and her eyes were sunken in I 'm sure from the drugs . You could tell she had really lived a hard life . She looked much older than her actual age.She looked good in the shower scene . However , what was kind of gross like her Playboy pictures , she is very bushy , you know where . That really grosses me out . Other than this and the closeups of her face , she looks good.In one scene , she is calling her girlfriend who does n't answer . Her girlfriend is cheating on her with another woman . Her girlfriend is very young and beautiful . Her girlfriend 's lover asks , who was that on the phone ? The girlfriend should have responded , `` Oh , just some girl who ca n't seem to move beyond Different Strokes . `` One very confusing scene for me was when Dana and Landon were in bed together . Dana goes down under the covers so we can only see Landon who is moaning . I have no idea what was going on here . I 'm assuming that Landon had a bad stomach ache from eating at the mexican restaurant . If I were Dana , I would not want to be under the covers in case Landon has bad gas.Also , her hair and outfits were terrible . I 'm a Dana Plato fan and ca n't understand why she styled her hair in such an unflattering way . Also some of the outfits were ridiculous . Look at the image on the cover of the box to see the dumpy outfit she is wearing.She definitely had acting ability . If she had lived , she could comment on TrueTV about dumb criminals . Did n't anyone ever try anti-depressants on her ? It makes me sad to think of someone being in such pain . Illegal drugs/alcohol do n't work . I wish I could have hugged her .
 Amic/amat starts out with some interesting shots of the lead oiling his body up and donning leather ; but as with this opening scene , the film ends up teasing with no real delivery , certainly in terms of erotic representation but also in terms of its fundamental story-line . The film has a somewhat anti-climactic ending and the motives of the characters are not fleshed out satisfactorily . Character motives for prostitution , abortion , same-sex attraction , divorce , and violence begin to be strongly suggested or hinted at , but then frustratingly are not carried out to any substantial conclusions . This is the fatal flaw of the film , as I saw it . Amic/amat has some compelling performances -LRB- such as by the dying prof -RRB- and features an attractive male lead who might have had his physical form and acting talents better exercised in a wholly thought-out film . I wonder if the screenplay writer had a coronary midway through the project and then an ending was just patched together ? Erotically and intellectually , Amic/amat just left me `` hanging '' : -RRB-
 Ya know , I really hate it when I see an actor I like doing stupid movies . I could care less if heather locklear does a made to video , thats her bread and butter . But Steven -LRB- Crying Game -RRB- Rea is really annoying here . He 's supposed to be some hard core killer or something , but in his attempts to put on a southern -LRB- I think -RRB- American accent , he sounds more like a nerdy android . Oh yeah - they try to be arty in this drivel and use every stupid film school trick to give this tripe some kind of `` edge '' Terrible .
 I do n't know about anybody else , but when I rent -LRB- or purchase , in this case -RRB- a movie that has anything to do with Playboy , I 'm pretty much looking for one type of movie . I do n't really care about the plot , I do n't care about the musical score , nor do I care about the acting . Which is good , because all of the above were crummy . Stacy Haiduk and Ron Silver appeared to give some form of effort , but everyone else , even Suzy Amis -LRB- granddaughter in Titanic -RRB- , appeared to be sleepwalking through their roles.I 've always been an admirer of Stacy Haiduk , ever since her days on SeaQuest . I thought
 I 'm a retired law enforcement guy . There is a murder and the first thing I 'd do is look for is `` who get 's the money '' . The title is `` The Beneficiary . '' In this movie they never tell you who get 's the money . They know , but never tell you until the movie is 3/4 over -RSB- bad investigators I 'd say -RSB- and you 're supposed to be hooked on how good the female part of the detective 's act is . She 's blonde -LSB- In a Playboy Made Movie -RSB- so that 's explains it , but then you see her acting smart yet totally missing the point . This is a Playboy movie and of course seeing the Logo you have to realize that blondes are bimbo 's . It sells magazines , but it did n't sell me . Les Barba
 I watched this with my little sister , and neither of us were impressed . It did n't tell us much of anything , acting like it was really cool . It seemed like it was made for kids -LRB- ones , my sister points out , who know some long words -RRB- , and the quality almost indicated it was made BY kids . The commentator is a young girl who 's not much of an actress , and sounds too excited for things not that exciting.Eyewitness videos are much more entertaining and informative .
 Cheryl has disappeared from Season 8 , leaving Larry without a foil . There is no counter-Larry . This leaves an odd , gaping hole in the series . I loved seasons 1-7 , but Larry without his usual buddies seems irrelevant . There 's very little connecting one episode to the next in this season .
 NOTE
 Every single episode had some kind of issue loading/getting started . Picture quality was terrible . I will get my TV somewhere else next time .
 I have always loved this show and watched all the episodes set in California . Season 8 tries to incorporate New York culture into the mix . Sorry , not nearly as funny.The psychiatrist is too boringly traditional/predictable and the baseball guy too over-the-top , stereotypical New Yorker.I went from loving this show to not being able to watch the entire Episode 1 of Season 8 . If it ai n't broke , do n't fix it .
 You are NOT buying the whole series ... just one dvd in the series for anywhere between 40 - 300 dollars ! FOR A SINGLE DVD ! Do not fall to this gimmic !
 This 1971 British `` horror '' film is certainly one of the most befuddling and confusing ones I 've seen . Horror vet Michael Gough -LRB- BATMAN , KONGA , HORRORS OF THE BLACK MUSEUM -RRB- stars as a nasty abusive father and husband , and dotes only on his successful son Rupert . Mother Edith and daughter Jane conspire to kill dear old dad to get him out of their lives . They manage to do so when he goes off for a weekend of shooting at their cottage . But things go wrong when they return to the scene and find the body missing , or is it ? The script by Olaf Pooley -LRB- who also plays the neighbor Reed -RRB- is so ambiguous , by the time the film 's over , you do n't know WHAT really happened . If it 's an attempt to explain the decline into madness , Pooley is n't sharp enough to evince it . A real waste of time .
 Im a big James Cagney fan and I liked most of his movies.This one wasnt one of them.Jimmy was always jinxed in comedy making him look more silly than funny.Pat OBrien didnt really do much better.Stick with Angels With Dirty Faces or The Fighting 69TH , those were much better.Jimmy was great in drama.Comedy wasnt for him .
 `` Boy Meets Girl '' was a successful 1935 Broadway play and looks very much like a Marx Brothers film from that same period , with Marie Wilson and Bruce Lester playing the love struck couple , Dick Foran playing the rival , and Jimmy Cagney , Pat O'Brien , and Ralph Bellamy in the Marx Brothers ' roles . Unfortunately , the Irish Mafia , despite their many talents , were no Marx Brothers clones , so the film does n't really jump and shout with the Marx Brother 's zany brand of comedy.Nonetheless , the film does have its moments , and Cagney 's on screen hamming it up is surely worth a look . Marie Wilson 's `` dumb blonde '' routine serves her well , and there 's even a short sequence with Ronald Reagan at a film premiere.BTW - the film being premiered is called `` The White Rajah '' which is an inside joke among Warner Brothers staff about a terrible screenplay that Errol Flynn wrote and wanted to turn into a film . Flynn is also called an `` Englishman '' when of course he was an Australian . Flynn was a member of the Irish Mafia , and a good friend of Reagan , so the insults are clearly meant to be taken light heartedly.The film is directed by Lloyd Bacon who directed more than 100 films between 1922 and 1954 . He was part of the Warner 's production team that cranked out a half dozen films a year , most of them B films . Among his notable films were `` The Singing Fool '' -LRB- 1928 -RRB- , `` Knute Rockne All American '' -LRB- 1940 -RRB- and `` The Fighting Sullivans '' -LRB- 1944 -RRB- . Bacon has the unusual distinction of being the main director for Cagney 's non-gangster films , like `` The Oklahoma Kid '' -LRB- 1939 -RRB- , `` Devil Dogs of the Air '' -LRB- 1935 -RRB- , `` Here Comes the Navy '' -LRB- 1934 -RRB- , `` The Picture Snatcher '' -LRB- 1933 -RRB- , `` Footlight Parade '' -LRB- 1933 -RRB- , etc. 1938 was a pretty good year for films . The top grossing films were `` You Ca n't Take it With You '' , `` The Adventures of Robin Hood '' , ` Boys Town '' , `` Alexander 's Ragtime Band '' , `` Sweethearts '' , and `` Marie Antoinette '' . The Oscars were to `` You Ca n't Take it With You '' -LRB- Picture , Director -RRB- , `` Boys Town '' -LRB- Actor -RRB- , and `` Jezebel '' -LRB- Actress -RRB- . Other notable films released that year were `` Algiers '' , Cagney and O'Brien in `` Angels with Dirty Faces '' , John Garfield 's film debut in `` Four Daughters '' and Gable and Tracey in `` Test Pilot '' . The NY Times said `` the picture has retained humor and a few gustily playful touches '' but `` The Benson & Law writing firm as portrayed by James Cagney and Pat O'Brien has lost some of the finer edges of characterization it had on the stage ... `` Bottom line - a treat for Cagney fans , but otherwise a forgettable attempt at screwball comedy .
 I would like to agree with the two reviews I 've read on this site for The Deepening . After all , I bought the film based on those critiques . However , although the movie was certainly ambitious and had some 70s/80s-slasher-movie - throwback charm , I found it to be completely amateurish in its direction , writing , acting and overall execution . The violence and gore were not well-staged and I found it incredibly difficult to believe that the hero , played by a bald goofy dude , could score all kinds of attractive women . Quibbling aside , the movie just WAS NOT GOOD . I predicted the ending about ten minutes in , and could n't count the number of rip-offs -LRB- homages ? -RRB- present on both hands . I felt like I was watching a movie by some good ol' boys who found a movie camera and decided to spend the weekend making a flick-on-the-fly . But , like I said , it did have its charms in a way . There was some -LRB- unintentionally ? -RRB- funny dialogue , and I got the sense that the guys making this thing were having a blast . So , if you 're looking for some no-brainer type stuff to fill a couple of hours with your beer-drinking buddies , this can be pretty fun fodder !
 Can you give negative stars ? This was and is absolutely THE WORST movie I have ever seen . Plan Nine from Outer Space had more plot . DO NOT BUY THIS movie unless you want to waste your money . I bought this movie because of the previous positive reviews . If you like poor film quality , gratuitous T&A , bad acting and cheap effects then this film is for you .
 Had I just finished Rick Steves ' Ireland 2002 in an Irish pub rather than my livingroom , I would have felt my thirst unquenched . Indeed , ... this rather skimpy volume leaves the reader feeling as if he just finished a glass of stout , yet knowing full well he paid for a pint . Whatever happened to Europe Through the Back Door value?In Ireland 2002 Steves is at least a tad disingenuous . On the book 's back cover he writes , `` Do n't be fooled by overweight guidebooks ... it 's my job to sift through mountains of time-sapping alternatives and present you with only the best . '' While this philosophy sounds practical , even attractive , Steves ' 200-odd pages lack many of this small , yet historically-rich country 's highlights . Steves ' stripped-down philosophy , in truth , comes off as a bit hollow , leaving the reader to conclude that he 's a bit lazy , reluctant to complete his homework.The prospective traveler to Ireland should consider what 's missing in Steves ' Ireland 2002 . West Cork is a lovely land , full of small , quiet villages , entrancing scenery , and at least a pair of islands -LRB- Clear and Sherkin -RRB- that beckon the traveler . Steves makes no mention of these . In addition , Steves all but snubs the counties of Donegal and Sligo . The former features stunning scenery , the highest cliffs in Europe -LRB- Slieve League -RRB- , and the lovely Glenveagh National Park , to name but a few attractions . As for the latter , County Sligo is home to a large number of prehistoric attractions , along with the literary presence of W.B. Yeats . Also conspicuously absent in Ireland 2002 is information about Clonmacnois , located in the Irish midlands and perhaps Ireland 's most noteworthy monastic site . Missing , too , is much mention of Northern Ireland 's County Fermanagh , home to some gorgeous -LRB- and untouristy -RRB- lakeland scenery , plus some impressive medieval sites , including stone carvings and a round tower located on Devenish Island . Lastly , it would n't be a complete trip to Ireland without a visit to Skellig Michael . Unfortunately , Steves fails to give detailed information about getting to this fascinating and stunningly situated monastic site , located off the Kerry coast.In his defense , Steves ' Ireland does have its pleasures . His conversational writing style is enjoyable , and I was especially impressed with his comprehensive look at the highly popular Dingle Peninsula . The author 's Slea Head itinerary is particularly strong , and perhaps the best thing about Ireland 2002 . Even the most dedicated travel guide curmudgeon would have a hard time quibbling with Steves ' combination of history and pop culture , as he describes stone age forts along with the house inhabited by Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman during the filming of Far & Away.Unfortunately , when one compares Steves ' Ireland 2002 with the likes of The Rough Guide and Lonely Planet , it just ca n't compete . The number of pages can - and does - matter , especially when the Ireland-bound traveler is looking for a comprehensive and satisfying overview of the Emerald Isle . Steves ' Ireland 2002 simply fails to meet such a demand .
 We bought Fodor 's Ireland , and brought along the Rick Steve 's guidebook as well . We found everything we wanted in Fodor 's . In ten days we were helped exactly one time by the Rick Steve 's . We thought we 'd try it , as it came recommended by a friend , and bundled together on the Amazon page we thought it would make a good companion with our new Fodor 's ... no . I 'll not use this guidebook again . We had everything we needed in the Fodor 's . We both thought this was a waste of money , when we were looking for an invaluable resource for our car trip .
 I bought it to educate my kids about the history and events of WWII . This set fails miserably . It 's mostly unexciting footage with many repeating scenes and many times there is clearly no connection between the battles covered and the footage.The storytelling is abysmal and the pictures are unexciting .
 I bought this from a local retailer and after watching the beginning of the first DVD , I took it right back and got a refund . Why ? First of all , I do n't like being taken and fooled into buying something that is n't what it claims to be . I read the outside of the packaging to detect anything that implies it was `` colorized '' from black & white footage . On the contrary , the box states it is `` vintage COLOR footage . '' No hint of ` colorization . ' Well think again ... All it is is reworked b & w footage with pale , lifeless color added to the film , and poorly done at that . Immediately detectable . Listen folks , I do n't care if it 's got good war footage or not - I do n't know because I only watched a minimal amount for the reasons explained above . What I have a problem with is the deceptive technique and wording used to fool people into buying the product -- that is enough reason NOT to blow your money on it ! If it 's colorized via computer , then it needs to honestly and clearly STATE THAT . Enough said .
 I had high hopes for this set but ca n't recommend it for 2 reasons . First the colorized footage is poorly done . If it had been done better it would have been OK but the color values are often incorrect and very basic with poor shading and depth of detail . The second reason is that the DVD 's are very short in length . All this material could have probably been put in a 2 Disc set in one keep case . Multiple DVD 's is a common practice to make the consumer believe they are getting their moneys worth .
 There are some really good shots of actual combat , but the 2 D.V.D. set completely lacks any sense of the overall picture of the war . The actual conflict between MacArthur and the Navy , why Midway was so important , in fact the overall strategy of the Navy is never really explained . I would have thought the History Channel could have done better . The best part is the story of Bull Halsey .
 Great movie . Lots of info on Pearl Harbor ... a definate buy
 In short , too much repeat footage . This DVD pack is sub average at its very best . The Highlights are the program on the battle with the Africa Corps . and the program on the Battle of the Bulge . The other 2 programs are made up of repeat footage . Their are virtually no insights given and the feeling of the entire set is one of an impersonal overview . And not just any overview but an overview that is rushed , its as if the narrators -LRB- there are 2 and they are both inept -RRB- need to make a mad dash to the toilet and just want to get this damn thing over with . If you are looking for something comprehensive and insightful this clunk is a total waste of time .
 Just a couple of hours ago I would have thought it impossible to really screw up a World War II documentary to the point of it being unwatchable . Well , after less than five minutes of this abomination I stand corrected . To say that this set is `` in color '' with `` never-before-seen '' footage may be technically true , but it is also completely disingenuous . This set consists predominantly -LRB- if not entirely , I 'm not watching any more of it to find out -RRB- of COLORIZED black-and-white footage -LRB- poorly and obviously colorized at that -RRB- that has never been seen before because no one has had the audacity to butcher perfectly good black-and-white film like this before . Adding insult to injury is the fact that underneath all of the ridiculously unnatural looking color is some pretty good and interesting footage . I 'm really almost at a loss for words ; this hatchet job on history was so poorly conceived , so poorly done , and just so very unnecessary that it boggles the mind as to why it was done in the first place . To ruin otherwise good material just to be able to sell it as being `` in color '' is shameful and pathetic . I got this for $ 7.95 mere hours ago and tomorrow I am going to get that $ 7.95 back . I would n't keep this if I had gotten it free in the mail . Just awful . What were they thinking ?
 It 's ruined by the poor colorization.I have to wonder why Madacy Entertainment pushed the production of this film . Do n't get me wrong , the footage itself is nice and the narrations are fine . But the poor quality of the colorization just ruins it for me . I could excuse the quality of the colorization if this documentary had been produced in 1985 - when `` colorizing '' technology was still new - but this series was produced in 2001 . So by 21st century standards , there 's no reason for the picture quality to be as poor as it is.I think what irks me the most is that Madacy marketed this film as WWII `` In Color . '' I expected it to contain AUTHENTIC color footage - perhaps something similar in quality to the 2009 `` WWII in HD '' series . But you ca n't help but feel misled when you pop it into the DVD player and find a poorly colorized version instead.Still , the footage is remarkable and , if you can get past the color quality , its an enjoyable watch for any WWII buff . Had Madacy just left the film in its original B&W ; format , and marketed it as such , I would have given this product 5 stars .
 I have seen some pretty good productions from the History Channel . This is not one of them . It views like a text book , with rapid fire black and white war footage , and facts . The information is good , however it is difficult to watch as the narrator changes with the footage -LRB- which is often -RRB- . Do not expect to see much along the way of synopsis or historian commentary / insights as you view this dvd .
 I 've been * trying * to watch this , but every time I try I have to hit `` Stop '' on the remote before too long . I 'm onto the third disk after about 3 months.Wade pretty much took the words right out of my mouth , but did it better.The packaging is deceptive , but I knew that from the get-go . There probably is n't 5 DVDs worth of color WWII footage to begin with ! But what I was n't prepared for , but should have been , is that the job of colorizing would be butchered to the point of painful to watch.Beyond the color however , is basically a Cliff Note 's version of WWII . I try to get beyond the hatchet job on the color and instead focus on listening to the content , but the content is so busy and each topic is covered so briefly I feel like I 'm watching a cross between Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and Robotron , but with even less substance . When the lack of historic content again comes to the forefront of my consciousness , I am left with nothing else but to return my focus to the hatchet job on the color . While watching this I often recognize footage from other productions that were presented in the original grayscale , and miss seeing them presented that way.Then I hit `` Stop '' and return this failure to my selves & drawers of my DVD collection . Actually , now that I have written this I will be adding it to my next load of things heading for donation to the thrift shop . Although I have reservations with that . If I want someone to gain knowledge about WWII , I would recommend many other productions and sources and warn them of this waste of time.Basically , the colorizing is just lipstick on a pig . Except this lipstick is blue and not an inviting color like red .
 I bought this DVD because it had what looked like a History Channel logo on the front and as such I assumed it was another one of their outstandings series . Boy was I wrong ! It 's a series from the 50s or 60s with lame graphics and commentary . It has decent real-life video , but I expected so much more for my money . I 'd send it back , but since it is already opened I 'm sure they would not accept it . Plus it 's not worth my time and effort . Do n't buy this DVD because it 's just not very good .
 This set of videos was disappointing , especially because the History Channel usually is better.First , it 's not just about the war in Europe , so if you want to focus on the European theater , you 're also going to get some about Japan , Asia and Africa . Which means the European focus is weaker.Second , they use some of the shots and narratives twice . Which is okay if you watch an episode a week , but not if you watch all 4 in a couple of days . The repetition seemed pointless.The videos also do n't give a good feel for plans or battles . It seemed to be more like ' a battle went here , and here , and here ... ` I 'm looking for something better .
 A potential politically motivated kidnapping in Turkey , with the intended victim being daughter to the National Director of the C.I.A. , calls for extraordinary preventative measures . Therefore , when the intelligence agency chief 's wife relates of foreboding nightmares involving the girl , Kathryn , the ace of the C.I.A.s `` Psychic Operations Warfare Unit '' , Sam Browning -LRB- Michael Par&eacute; -RRB- , is called upon to ensure her safekeeping . Browning is , as revealed by the script , from a tradition of `` Spirit Warriors '' and possesses a proven wild talent of foresight . Nonetheless when , after his alerts to supervisors in a Kurdish refugee camp are scorned and the kidnapping occurs , his purpose is altered from giving warning to attempting a rescue of Kathryn . He frees her , over natural physical objections of her captors , and subsequently the largest portion of the work becomes a cartoonish affair , with Sam actually pausing during gun battles to perform as a seer , this while stunt performers take over the action under the guidance of stunt coordinator Ric Roman Waugh , who plays ably in a small rle while leading his charges well , as he later does with his entire cast as director of the well-crafted James Caan/Matthew Modine suspense feature IN THE SHADOWS . Shot in Israel with a meagre budget , production values are poor throughout , with frequent flaws in continuity , such as when one severely injured character periodically disdains effects of an apparently self-cauterizing gunshot wound but , after all , one is not expected to dwell upon such shortcomings amid a spate of small unit engagements and exploits of derring-do . Occasionally the storyline shifts to two negotiating parties , one representing the kidnappers -LRB- of unidentified nationality -RRB- , the other C.I.A. personnel , and there is a clever final twist scripted in for these conversationalists , but the object of the movie is to show action , and there is plenty of that , with a break now and then to allow for a patriotic soliloquy . An element of suspense is missing as there can be no question of the outcome , and one need not have prescience to realize it .
 I purchased this DVD in the hopes of having a visual guide to what is sometimes a complex process , Feng Shui.In my opinion , this video is not genuine Feng Shui , but a very light overview . She talks about the elements and how they can be arranged together , and that 's as far as it goes . What she fails to address , and more critically , is the placement aspect of Feng Shui - directional or positional , the Ba Gua is never mentioned.She teaches you to arrange something , anywhere , using symbols and colors of the elements . In some demonstrations , I believe she gets her Feng Shui symbolism a bit wrong.I emailed them via their website , asking about their particular view of Feng Shui , about placement , etc. , and I never received a response.Unfortunately , I do not recommend this video . It 's not a good guide for authentic Feng Shui , it 's not even real Feng Shui at all .
 I was pretty disappointed with this video , but my daughter -LRB- age 2 -RRB- seemed to like it . There is a lot of singing and a long intro , but little substance . There is little yoga , so there is n't much for kids to follow along with . As other reviews mentioned , it has a short running time .
 As a consumer , I feel cheated because I paid for a video that was advertised as 35 minutes run time , but this DVD & `` Let 's Go to the Ocean '' is actually only 25 minutes including beginning & end credits . That 's a big difference for such a short video . The 35 minute run time is printed on the DVD jewel case & on the DVD itself . I went on `` kidsmusicalyoga.com '' & sent an e-mail asking for an explanation or even an apology , but my e-mail was ignored.As far as the content of the video , my kids do like it for the songs which are catchy for pre-schoolers . However , I was disappointed by the lack of actual activity/yoga/exercise the video asks of the kids . It 's more of a sing-a-long video ... I was just expecting more movement.I just want to give other moms a `` heads up '' so you know what you 're paying for & are n't disappointed .
 I ordered this video and Yogakids at the same time.Kids Musical Yoga is pretty much just a sing along . The children get to do almost no yoga at all . It is especially misleading since the cover shows a girl in the tree pose . When the video was over , I thought that was just the introduction and that the REAL video would start soon . It is a complete scam.Meanwhile , Yogakids is a fabulous video with real yoga poses , footage of real animals and a wonderful explanation of how to use the poses in our real lives . My 21/2 year old loves it . I recommend Yogakids as an excellent alternative to this non-yoga video .
 Ai yi yi . My kids -LRB- 31/2 & 2 -RRB- actually really liked this DVD , even though they were n't interested in participating themselves . Maybe it is because they had never seen actual mental patients before ? I am hoping that I can grin and bear it so that I can get them to start doing the movements as well , but I might need a lobotomy first .
 I agree with a previous reviewer that Yoga Kids -LRB- vol 2 -RRB- is far better than this series of yoga videos for kids . I found this series -LRB- Kids Musical Yoga Lets Go To The Ocean/Jungle -RRB- to be disappointing . I like the original music and found myself singing the tunes later -LRB- any may consider getting the CD -RRB- . But there was very little yoga - maybe 6 poses or so -LRB- and odd ones at that -RRB- . There was a lot of talking , way too much talking , by the instructor who had a condescending manner or was just a little weird.This video had potential if it has way more poses and songs , and way less talking .
 I wish I would 've read the 1 and 2 stars reviews , they are 100 % right , this is a very short DVD , only really 15 to 20 min of a very poorly made sing along dvd , the songs are really not that great , there is no yoga at all , not excersice , for example you will find that they go to the jungle and they see a monkey , so you imagine they will do a yoga pose , NO they just get bunch of bananas that pass along to share ... . my kids just look at each other like what do we supose to do now , go grab bananas ??? Even the kids in the DVD do not look like they are having a great time , not blame , the teachers are not very energetic happilly conducting them . I just wish I could get my money back ... . Good yoga DVD is the ABC yoga made for Yoga Kids with Marsha WenigYoga Kids , Vol . 2
 good to see all those old time cowboys in this movie , takes me back , to bad age takes thier action and advanture out of them
 After reading the reviews , I thought this would be a cute movie ; however , my grandson and I lost interest and were quite bored with it and I am a big fan of kid movies . Evidently , it does not appeal to everyones tastes so know your movie before you buy .
 I rented this for my kids and I do n't think they enjoyed it . I laughed hysterically over the bad acting and the huge , hairy boar . I still laugh thinking about it -LRB- if you 've seen it , you know what I am talking about :-RRB- -RRB- . So , I give it 2 stars , because it made me laugh but I do n't think that I will ever , ever waste money on it again .
 As the owner of approximately 150 Christmas movies , I only have one that is worse than this one ! The plot was stupid , the acting was terrible ; my one star is for Danielle Nicolet 's character 's acrobatics - do n't know if it was really her or a stunt double , but it 's pretty awesome .
 I was well up for this DVD and the first 15 minutes or so did n't let me down but the rest was so so and ended up leaving me quite disappointed . Cedric was good but did n't appear in it enough . What was it 2 or 3 segments ? The other guys were OK and had some good material that created a few laughs but no bellyache and u got ta get a bellyache to really enjoy a good stand-up show . Although I think Cedric is funnier than Harvey I actually rate Harvey 's stand-up show more than this because he was the star of the show and had 2 separate performances on his DVD . A serious let-down that has left me in doubts about the sequel .
 I loved Cedric the Entertainer in the Kings of Comedy . I initially thought this was a tape of just Cedric , but only after buying it did I realize that he was essentially the MC for a bunch of lesser-known comics . While Cedric did a bit of stuff between comics , I felt that even he was not on point . And as to the other comedians , while I got a chuckle here and there , overall this was not funny , at least IMHO . And the first comedian in particular ... I found it painful to watch him . I thought he was pretty bad . Anyway , I 'll be donating this tape to my local Salvation Army . Not even worth trying to sell it on Amazon .
 As a western buff i almost bought this movie before i saw it , glad i did n't . This is a soap opera western . Eric Roberts i ca n't believe you said all those mushy lines with a straight face , i hope the pay was good ! There are plenty of great westerns at Amazon , just do n't bother with this one .
 ... and has horses in it . This is one of the worst westerns I 've seen . Namby-pamby acting -LRB- Randy Travis , you ai n't no cowboy ! -RRB- and whoever played the lead female -LRB- wife of Randy -RRB- gave one of the worst performances I 've ever seen . Her reaction to her cut hair was laughable ! -LRB- Maybe the actors were at the mercy of this VERY bad script . -RRB- The `` villain '' was a stitch and overacted so badly that I think Snidely Whiplash would have been an improvement . The boy was equally bad and seemed to be sleeping through the most `` dangerous '' parts of the movie . I found myself laughing when I should n't have been and there was no suspense whatsoever -- unless you wonder why you 're watching this in the first place . I wasted my money on this one -LRB- thankfully I bought it at a reduced price -- which should have told me something right there ! -RRB- For a really good western look to Silverado , Lonesome Dove , The Sacketts , Last Stand at Sabre River , etc. -LRB- By the way , when are those last two coming out in DVD ? And what about Conagher ?? C'mon guys !! Get on the stick ! -RRB- Final words
 Gift for my husband -- we 're both Randy Travis fans -- but this was a waste of a good man 's talents . Just could n't hold our interest enough to complete watching . Trashed it .
 This was a complete disappointment as a Western . It was like 90 minutes of Vacation Bible School . If you like Westerns a la `` Lonesome Dove '' you wo n't enjoy this .
 Producing a PBS-style series of documentaries does n't change the fact that the subject matter is still just plain nonsense . The utter failure of the Intelligent Design movement to produce a single piece of hard , testable data that supports their claims is completely ignored by these films in favor of the same old debunked assertions that have been the stock and trade of creationism for nearly a century . Sadly , as you might expect , the subject is treated as if it is some sort of new and revolutionary concept rather than just good old creationism in a cheap , new suit.I 'm sorry people , but this stuff is both bad science and bad religion . In the decade since the phrase was coined , not only has `` Intelligent Design '' produced no research , no data , no evidence -- no actual science at all , it has also lost in the courts . Even religious organizations actually seeking to fund ID research of some sort have walked away as they discovered there just is n't anything behind the Intelligent Design curtain except the politics of a small minority of Christians . Worse yet , the idea that one would allow their faith to hinge on scientific discoveries of any sort not only undermines the entire concept of faith , but ignores the fact that such thinking is specifically denounced in the Bible itself!These videos are pretty.Intelligent Design is not .
 The all too often out of breath American militia Leader -LRB- Dan Haggerty -RRB- gives a painfully mind numbing performance as an uninspiring Military Captain during the revolutionary war . Rick Washburn also joins this rag-tag team as a British Commander attempting to provide some comic relief but ultimately leaves you begging for relief from this hopeless movie . On the back of the DVD it says it is much akin to the spirit and theme of Dances with Wolves and to which I can only respond by quoting the ninth commandment , `` Thou shalt not bear false witness '' . Heaven help us all that this movie may never find its way into our DVD players . It 's only saving grace is that it 's rated PG . If you have children that you do n't mind making dumber , buy this movie for them . It 's a great sedative .
 Strikingly beautiful scenery , photographed well , is the long suit of this low budget independent affair filmed for the most part in Ontario and upper New York State , but even its targeted audience of young children will not fail to notice a lack of realism that pervades this work intended to produce dramatic historic interest , while hampered by a script that generally ignores the demands of logic . Director/producer/screenwriter J. Christian Ingvordsen -LRB- as John Christian -RRB- plays Samuel Todd , a wilderness farmer during the period of the American Revolution persuaded to enlist with Colonial rebels in defense of Patriot lands against attacks from soldiers of the Crown , reluctantly leaving behind his wife and young son James , but after he discovers that the boy has been captured by British troops along with their Mohawk Indian allies Samuel , accompanied by Tekhane -LRB- John Weiner -RRB- leader of a local Delaware tribe termed here Lenape , from their language , sets out to rescue the lad from enemy held Fort Niagara . This is a large order for the pair to attempt as the English and Mohawk occupied fort houses James as a shackled prisoner within the compound jail -LRB- restored Fort Ticonderoga along the New York/Vermont border serves as Fort Niagara -RRB- , but the more gullible viewers will enjoy the splendid countryside while ignoring the many implausibilities that occur along the way , in particular those involving ineffective enemy troops and their accompanying Indian warriors , all of whom are loud enough but seemingly never capable or alert . Ingvordsen , under variations of his name , not only stars , scripts , and directs here , but is behind the camera and a vigourous stunt performer as well , and while he lacks expressivity as an actor , he is certainly as competent as the majority of the cast , a quaint lot , specially the `` Indians '' which , although decidedly culturally diverse with a broad displacement of races , and ancestries to boot , display very little that is representative of the aboriginal . The dialogue lacks a colonial flavour , and inaccuracies are rife , e.g. , James is sequestered in `` the brig '' , a term exclusive to seagoing vessels , while accents freely wax and wane , largely reliant upon the native strength of a player 's metropolitan area patois , and there is cartoonish stereotyping throughout , notably of English army officers , drawn as a remarkably foppish bunch ; a lack of correctness extends even to the DVD box that displays a misspelling for Niagara , thrice for Ingvordsen , and a cover photograph of Dan Haggerty -LRB- billed first but with a blessedly small role -RRB- with arms about an Indian squaw and a young boy , neither of whom appear in the film .
 I paid $ 5.00 for this movie . I am trying to figure out if I can at least reuse the disk for a road reflector.Honestly , The script could have been good , But I just can not get past the poorest acting and filming I have ever seen.As a Native American , I can appreciate the sediment it is trying to convey , but it just misses the mark for reality .
 The all too often out of breath American militia Leader -LRB- Dan Haggerty -RRB- gives a painfully mind numbing performance as an uninspiring Military Captain during the revolutionary war . Rick Washburn also joins this rag-tag team as a British Commander attempting to provide some comic relief but ultimately leaves you begging for relief from this hopeless movie . On the back of the DVD it says it is much akin to the spirit and theme of Dances with Wolves and to which I can only respond by quoting the ninth commandment , `` Thou shalt not bear false witness '' . Heaven help us all that this movie may never find its way into our DVD players . It 's only saving grace is that it 's rated PG . If you have children that you do n't mind making dumber , buy this movie for them . It 's a great sedative .
 I bought a Side by Side TV $ 48.20 . But I received only one tape of `` Demo Video '' . As of July 27 , 2010 , I have not yet received refund from Carod 60 .
 I ordered this DVD thinking I could learn some new moves for the Body Bar that I recently purchased . Upon watching the workout for the first time , I learned that I needed sliding disks to follow along with the workout . I managed to improvise and used paper plates on my carpeted floor for a similar sliding effect , but overall , it was more of an annoyance to try to do the same workout without the proper equipment . They should either include the disks with the DVD or make it very clear that the workout involves the Body Bar AND the slidling disks.As for the workout itself , it was OK , pretty challenging , but I was not really into it and had different expectations .
 This film strikes me as a attempt to validate an assortment of preconceived notions using flawed reasoning . The basis of the validity of this film seems to be the contradiction of `` Supersize Me '' at every turn . It is riddled with a slew of fallacies and anecdotes that are at times so painfully obvious I 'm not sure if I should feel embarrassed for the narrator or frightened that he is serious.The film begins with its core premise , namely that `` nobody forces anyone to eat fast food '' -LRB- 4:44 -RRB- and `` fast food restaurants do n't force anybody to overeat '' -LRB- 5:14 -RRB- . These are both true statements , but so is the statement `` nobody forces anyone to drink water '' . While the analogy I have presented is admittedly extreme -LRB- and prime fodder for being taken out of context -RRB- , it serves to demonstrate that irreducible facts often have no indication of the validity of the argument they are used to support.In one of the film 's numerable appeals to authority it is said that , `` the U.S. department of agriculture has estimated that in order to get people to consume more leafy green vegetables , we would basically have to pay people to eat them . '' -LRB- 34:40 -RRB- While I 'd love to see the references for that statement , it does touch on one of the more subtle yet key aspects of the health debate , namely the addictive qualities of fast/junk food.The pleasure we experience from food is facilitated by the same neurological mechanisms responsible for the pleasure we experience from sex , drugs , or rock & roll . The reason people prefer a Big Mac to a carrot -LRB- 34:45 -RRB- is more than just a psychological preference ; it is a physiological one . From the first time we are exposed to junk food at an early age , the pleasure centers of our brains undergo a neuroadaptive change similar to those experienced by drug addicts . -LRB- Society for Neuroscience -LRB- 2009 , October 27 -RRB- . Junk Food Diet Causes Rats ' Brain Pleasure -RRB- The hunger drive is undoubtedly the strongest urge anyone experiences , which is why junk food is so insidious . When the desire for natural foods is superseded by a desire for junk food , it throws a devastating wrench into the body 's processes and wreaks havoc on long-term health . While it is true that `` fast food restaurants do n't force anybody to overeat , '' overeating is usually not the cause of obesity . The composition of calorie dense fast foods alters the body 's perception of satiety , and it is therefore easy for someone to consume hundreds more calories than they require simply by eating until they are full -LRB- i.e. as nature intended -RRB- . In addition to being bereft of convincing reasoning , references , or scientific rigor , I was also put off by the condescending tone and insensitive remarks about drug addiction and suicide . Anyone seeking the truth about the health debate will not find it in this film .
 There are a ton of holes in this guys arguments . Pretty sad too because I agree with his stand point that no one should tell us what to or what not to eat . It 's our decision and survival of the fittest . However , his arguments were terrible and obviously so . I especially love the part on Lawyer Logic.He so comfortably calls the `` lawyers '' idiots for talking about restaurants being around for hundreds of years and then injects his own ... more like thousands of years idiots . He should have done his research because restaurants have been around for hundreds of years . It 's a very new concept in the scheme of things . Only goes to show how little he did his research .
 This is the worst documentary I have ever had the misfortune of viewing . Hands down . And that 's saying something because I love my doc 's ! :-RRB- I wonder how much money this guy got payed to make this crappy film ? This movie is a big fat slab of frosting covered , bacon wrapped rationalization . With just a pinch of racism and a dash of sexism . The point Tom Naughton seems to be trying to make is that people have the right to be a fat a ** and eating fast food is all American ! And that those big bully vegetarians have taken over the government . Com on ! The fact that a cheeseburger cost less than a head of broccoli is messed up and could only happen in the US . So if you want to watch a pretty annoying middle age guy stuff his face with gross junk food to some equally annoying back round music watch this film . Or save yourself a few bucks and try exercising and eating healthy .
 First off , my complaint is not about the premiss of this documentary , yes you can eat fast food and still be healthy , and that yes you do need fats in your diet . The problems that I have with this horrible film is all about the presentation . Our narrator/film maker is a whinny self righteous suburbanite talking down to me then entire film . To be convincing , I have to like you , Tom failed right from the start . The writing is substandard , the facts are thin , any arguments from the ` experts ' are at best , a reach and very very poorly threaded together . I could have dealt with the home-made aspects of the film if it was worth watching , but the crummy camera work just grated on me . Sadly the only reasoning that I can see for Tom Naughton to make this movie is not an altruistic effort on his part to make my life better , it seems that for him he just wanted to make a movie to say that Super Size Me was stupid.This movie is not worth any one 's time .
 I could n't finish watching the whole documentary on Netflix instant play . What a waste of my time . Tom has his points but I am not buying them . How would I know he was not manipulating his weights by exercising or eating diet pills off the camera if he thinks Morgan Spurlock was manipulating his weights as well . Personally , every time I eat at McDonald 's , the food just made me sluggish . It 's not good and quality food and we all know it as a fact . People eat at McDonald 's only because they do n't want to spend too much money on eating out , but still want to eat out . Mr. Tom Naughton , it is your choice to eat fast food , even though you claim it actually helps you lose weights . Best of luck living your life being sluggish and cranky . Meanwhile , I will stay away from fast food chains as much as possible . Clean and healthy eating is the only way to go to live a good life .
 I was told how good this movie was and that I had to see it . I tried . Unfortunately , it is an insipid load of crap . Not funny -LRB- I was told he is a comedian - yikes -RRB- , not factually accurate , and painful to sit through . 100 % of the doctors he interviews say a diet high in saturated fat has nothing to do with heart desease ? Seriously ? Cherry picking the people you interview in order to come up with the results you want is n't unbiased journalism -LRB- something he ironically continually accuses Supersize Me of -RRB- . Avoid .
 This film is full of misinformation and the way the narrator/creator presents it is just plain annoying . His whiny , condescending voice made making it all the way through it nearly impossible ! This was just an obvious attempt to capitalize on the success of Supersize Me -LRB- of which I 'm not even a fan , so do n't get my intentions here wrong ! -RRB- A `` reaction video '' on youtube would have been a more appropriate medium for this guy 's opinion.Also , I still ca n't get over the fact that this guy is so incredulous about his own obesity . YOU ARE FAT , BUDDY ! And your cholesterol was high from the start , so you 're obviously not one to be giving the public advice about being healthy.Don ' t waste your time on this one .
 This conservative Libertarian was us to believe it 's the liberal media that 's bad and the corporate capitalists burger-slingers are the poor , misunderstood victims . What a load of bunk . Guaranteed his next documentary is on the ` myth ' of global warming .
 This whole premise of this movie is false . Spurlock 's whole point in `` Supersize Me '' was in response to the courts finding that in order to prove that the food that McDonalds serves is not nutritionaly healthy one would have to eat nothing but that for a month which was a rediculous finding that the court assumed no one would put to the test . So he did . Also his whole point did not rest solely on whether he gained weight or lost weight , but that the diet was incredibly unhealthy . To argue that McDonalds food would be ok to eat exclusively is retarded , so this movie is n't actually a rebutal of Supersize me at all . This is just another unnecessary and fake response to what the right wing regards as an attack on the rights of capitalists to sell whatever they want to an intentionaly uninformed public . Does the multi-billion dollar corporation of McDonalds really need Tom to defend the way they market their deep-fried , sugar injected `` Crappy-meals '' to our children ? Poor McDonalds!What 's up next for Tom Naughton
 Like Tom , I thought Spurlock was full of s *** in a lot of ways . However , I was very annoyed at the constant jabs that really did n't serve much of a purpose . For example , when discussing the amount of calories that Spurlock claimed to have eaten in his documentary , Tom puts together various McDonald 's menu items to try and convey how he could n't possibly see how Spurlock could reach those calorie numbers . However , it was glaringly obvious that while Tom would put the audience 's focus on the fact that he just added a super-sized order of something high-calorie , like french fries to the apparently already huge order , he had in fact just substituted that double angus cheeseburger with a filet ' o fish sandwich without saying anything , which has significantly less calories and ultimately reduced the overall calorie count as a means of misdirecting the audience into thinking that his purposeful deficit of Spurlock 's calorie claims would happen no matter what . If you 're going to attack someone 's credibility , do n't do it by skewing the information and inadvertently challenging your own.That was a small example , but I really do n't like when someone feels the need to convey information to others as if they are stupid , or that they think it is okay to manipulate the information in their favor . For the most part , the weight loss journey itself was interesting and I 'm glad I watched it . But I ca n't rate this very high . This is more of an incredibly biased , persuasive essay in video form with petty remarks , a s *** ton of medical hearsay , a comedic narrative , and an under-nourished portion of actual information and actual interviews -LRB- bringing in actors to exaggerate what the interview `` would have been like '' or to mock the interviews in Spurlock 's documentary , again , does n't do anything for one 's own credibility -RRB- . As entertainment and something to which I can relate ? Sure . But I 'm not going to rate it high because I can relate to it . It was created as a response to another documentary , and that really is all that it is , unfortunately .
 Fat Head is collection of poor and fallacious arguments directed towards the 2004 documentary Super Size Me by Morgan Spurlock . A reasonable defense of the fast food industry and the nutritiousness of the food it produces could be made , but it 's not found here in this documentary . The host resorts to attacking Spurlock 's intelligence and methods early without ever offering substantive or rational alternative logic . The generally low production value , bad direction , and flat humor just makes this petty documentary difficult to watch.Super Size Me was by no means truly science-based , though it was entertaining and though anecdotal a great cautionary tale - as many Americans do in fact have similarly extreme fast food diets . Fat Head looks at the issue without any objectivity and through an artificial and narrow lens
 This &#34; documentary &#34; tried hard to play for laughs but failed in so many ways . It was an entertaining watch for sure but the intellectual laziness of the Mr Naughton was offensive . Obviously fast food chains are n't going to &#34; force &#34; you to eat their food , no one has claimed -LRB- including Morgan Spurlock -RRB- that they do so to continue to try and play that angle on crappy SD -LRB- looked like it was shot on an old Canon Z series or something from 2003-4 -RRB- with low budget , uncreative editing and a general lack of comprehension for the matter he is speaking against make this a poor watch .
 Tom Naughton enjoys a month of eating fast food while improving his personal biometrics . He goes on to tell us that eating fast food is n't bad for us . Later he goes on to say we Americans eat out too much and consume far too many calorie from fast food . So let me get this straight ... Tom can eat fast food for an entire month and improve his biometrics , but we eat too much fast food as a nation which is why we are over weight . Huh ? Tom also shows us how it is next to impossible to take in too many calories at a fast food restaurant . He contradicts himself a lot and I just do n't understand his logic . Perhaps my favorite line is one he borrows from author Gary Taubes ... `` We are n't fat because we eat , we eat because we are fat '' . I too improved my biometrics in a very short time , but I took the radical approach of eating vegetables and fruits and cut out any animal products .
 The nutrition info in this movie is pretty on point , but it was almost negated by the downplay of the obesity epidemic and an incessant rant on Morgan Spurlock ... Yea , we get it ; our government along with media sensationalism has betrayed us . Are we then supposed to pardon negligent business practices ? ... It seemed like Tom Naughton -LRB- the writer / director of this movie -RRB- felt somehow personally attacked by the accusation that the Fast Food industry has played a part in the surging health problems we face in America . How about not turning this into a whiny political movie about your right to eat fries and cut to the chase about finding a solution . Btw , based on the attitude this guy has about food addiction , I really doubt he 's even read Gary Taubes ' book.Since you ca n't edit Tom Naughton 's meal plan segments and annoying commentary out of this movie , i 'd suggest just skipping to the more substance-based 2nd half .
 The film makes some good and intuitive points and many of the criticisms it makes about Super Size Me and other activist groups are accurate or at least worth thinking about . The problem comes in when this films claims are largely unsubstantiated.For example he claims putting nutrition facts directly on food packaging will have no effect on whether or not people will continue to eat high calorie foods . How does he prove it ? He asks a skinny guy on the street if he 'd stop eating the fries if he knew they were 400 calories . The skinny guy says `` no '' . It is our choice to eat crap like McDonald 's and he 's right about that . But claiming commercial ads , marketing , etc. . . does n't influence people to buy this stuff is ridiculous . Fast food joints would n't advertise if it did n't increase sales . I 'm not saying that 's wrong . I 'm saying the movie is silly for claiming marketing is n't the reason people go to these places.The film could just be
 I started watching this film and it immediately became obvious that it was a partisan based film from the Libertarian/Republican view . Only in the right wing bubble could this guy be funny which essentially means he was n't . I wonder how much the food corporations put up to make this awful film . Be for-warned that if you watch this and have not watched any other fact based food docs , you are probably watching fox networks contribution to food science which in essence says `` everything that happens to you is your fault '' especially if it has to do with food , drugs and Health . Com-on guys , Lets keep the politics in the political films . Immediately Tom Naughton made it obvious that they hated `` Super Size Me '' and maybe even Morgan Spurlock in general . The fast food industry took that little tongue-in-cheek film so seriously that its obvious the film hit a sore spot . Nobody is going to eat Mcdonalds 3 meals a day for a month like Spurlock did . I think he was making a point that Mcdonalds said that it was OK to do that . I think most of us know that it is not . I would avoid this film . Its pretty bad .
 I watched this movie with an open mind . I understand it is low budget or suppose to seem that way . I got the impression that McDonald 's sponsored it , as much as I had to hear their name . I know you can get some semi-healthy foods at fast food places , but this movie was so annoying and missing a lot of `` common sense '' . There is so much behind the scenes in the food industry , and I think this movie tanked on giving me any more knowledge on it . It did not make me want to eat at McDonald 's any more than I do now . I do like their fries !! -LRB- Which contain natural beef flavors ! -RRB-
 This gets two stars from me because had it stuck to the diet information and debunking supersize me I think it would have been a great movie , but unfortunately it was made by some anti government nut job . He does n't think restaurants should be made to label items with nutritional info because people have free thought but then goes on to say that people avoid eggs and meat because of the food guide pyramid . So , do they have free thought or not?Could it not be as simple as people avoided fatty food for years because of the word fat and them not wanting to be associated with anything containing stuff called fat ? People are pretty simple and I 've never met anyone that ate based on government recommendations.Thank goodness people are starting to learn the truth about fat and sugar/carbs in our American diet , and if this movie can make some people eat better than it deserves a few stars . His conspiracy theories just ruined it though . I like a good conspiracy , but good ones follow the money and name names his just made blanket statements and did n't follow them up at all ... a highschool student could have done a better job at that part , so boo .
 This guy is trying to sell everyone on the `` fact '' that obesity is n't a huge issue in our country -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- and that fast food is n't really bad for you ... that really it 's all about people sitting around not getting enough exercise . I agree with the fact that our country is sedentary , and that is not good . I 'm not saying that the film does n't have valid points , either - BMI is clearly not a good determination of someone being overweight , something like that would be better measured with a caliper -LRB- based on body fat percentage . -RRB- But anyone that would really believe the crap sold in this film are stupid anyway . A better film to watch if you are concerned with nutrition would be `` Forks Over Knives '' . `` Fat , Sick & Nearly Dead '' is good as well.I think he probably made this film to help him feel better about the fact that he is technically obese . This is not coming from a `` skinny white person '' either -LRB- the people who he claims are in an uproar about the obesity epidemic -RRB- ... I am white and hispanic and previously had metabolic syndrome -LRB- which he also mentions in the film . -RRB- My doctor told me how to eat to get rid of it and it worked , far improving my health . You 'd be better off saving your money and putting it towards buying a breville ... and your time would be better spent researching nutrition than watching this fast-food propaganda .
 I am not a fan of Morgan Spurlock either . But this documentary was comical , biased , and had all this misinformation that I could n't get passed to find it completely credible . I tried watching twice based on the ratings here , trying to figure out what the fuss it about . Is n't it common sense that refinded carbs and all the subsizized crap companies put in processed foods is not good for you . Nothing new here . We already know about food politics and the USDA having conflict of interest . I guess if you know nothing about what goes on , you might find it informative . We know that refinded carbs amd sugar are not good for you but neither is fried chicken and diet coke . Then he uses the weston price foundation as the `` experts . '' Sure , lets blame it on crazy vegetarians , because the government sure is so interested pushing the pro-vegetarian agenda by giving huge subsidies for processed meat and dairy . There 's way more to nutrution that this guy presents . I really do see some points but I ca n't take this documentary all serious because there are plenty of flawed arguments .
 I watched this movie as well as Super Size Me several times and I am in full agreement that Morgan Spurlock has some explaining to do with regard to his actual diet for the entire month that he ate at McDonalds . That much I agree with.The problem I have with this movie is that it was n't just about disproving Morgan Spurlock . Tom Naughton gets into heart-attacks and cholesterol as well , and despite insulting vegetarians and vegans , does n't have any scientific or medical evidence showing the before and after results of what happens to someone 's arteries on either a vegan or a `` regular American diet '' . Dr. Caldwell Esselstyn would have ripped the comments made in this movie to shreds by these other doctors who say that eating more animal fat does n't increase your chances of getting a heart attack . Our cholesterol should be below 150 -LRB- American scale -RRB- in order to prevent heart attacks . 150 to 200 is not low cholesterol . Getting a heart attack with 156 cholesterol is n't a surprise . And last time I checked , the meat and dairy industry is heavily subsidized by the U.S. government . Trans fats and vegetable oils are bad for you too but just criticizing the grain industry and not saying anything about the meat and dairy industry came across to me as a little bit biased . Refined foods are not good for you but there is nothing wrong with eating unmodified potatoes and rice . Carbohydrates do n't kill people . Modified foods , unnatural foods and too much cholesterol kill people . Our bodies produce all the cholesterol it needs . Nothing wrong with eating meat in moderation just as there is nothing wrong with drinking alcohol in moderation.To give a personal experience on eating the R.A.V.E. diet -LRB- no refined foods , no animal products , no vegetable oils , exercise -RRB- for one and a half years , I went from a cholesterol of 5 point something to 2 point something -LRB- Canadian scale -RRB- and I was working in construction and was able to keep my strength and not get depressed like Tom Naughton claims he did when he avoided eating too much fat . My doctor did n't believe me when I told him that it was my diet alone that caused the drop in my cholesterol and I was able to once again run up three flights of steps without getting a severe loss of breath or heaviness in my chest and I felt great for the first time in my life since I was a kid . If eating potatoes and whole grain rice all the time was going to turn me into a fat diabetic with inflamed arteries and put me in a high risk category for insulin resistance and heart disease like this movie implies , then I should be feeling a lot worse by now .
 It 's so full of crud of course no one shoves food down our mouth but being the most overweight country is no biggy ? Really ? Not to mention the cancer risks of eating crap ! I know fast food makes me feel icky as does processed food . honestly I think going out to eat is the same as making Kraft Mac and Cheese and I do feel that people should be more active which is the only good point I felt was made . The important thing is trying to be Healthy not sugar or calorie intake . I would recommend watching Forks over Knives .
 You think this guy is out to disprove Super Size Me 's but him and his `` experts '' were only out for a buck , which is admirable but says nothing about how to help the greater good . Or how to develop a government solution himself . I got sick of seeing the books his `` experts '' wrote . Unlike Super Size Me , he exercised , watched his calories , chose what we wanted to eat , and did n't drink full sugar soda . He did n't want to address the dangers of drinking diet soda , but I wo n't go there . He also does n't get the fact that for some people , this is their only source of food due to the price . Living in a narrow-minded environment will narrow your views . And is there real scientific proof that `` Metabolic Syndrome '' exists ? I did n't think so . This was n't comedy = it 's just another piece of propoganda . PS - how much of his hamburgers were really meat and how much of it were soy and other things he found bad ?
 Not sure how so many people are giving this a high rating . I suspect that someone is doing some guerrilla marketing using Amazon 's review system . This movie is not scientific in ANY way . It has tried to align itself to the success of super size me much in the way that low budget shark movies popped up everywhere after Jaws.I studied Nutrition in college . FACT
 I would just like to say what took the filmmaker hours to film -LRB- the fat butts -RRB- I see every single day . I could have shot that montage in under ten minutes .
 This movie could have been so much better due to the major flaw-the guy was almost as annoying as Nancy Grace.I absolutely hate hate hate people that try to persuade you by attempting to sound smarter then they really are.Numerous times he contradicts himself and it is very clear that he himself is aware that he is just blabbing on and on and he knows he is full of it.Most of it is some random , boring interviews or time consuming `` facts '' . The fact is I had a hard time keeping my eyes open.I would say rent this , borrow it from someone , or look for it online.Not only would you be wasting your money , but also room on your dvd shelf if you buy this .
 I could not finish this . It was a bash session on another persons presentation . It was frustrating and had a vengeful feeling . While I have seen Super Size Me and I ca n't say that I loved it but I also did not love this clear attack on that movie . I would skip this unless you need to watch something that is angry and vengeful . Then you should watch this .
 I could not get through half of this . Maybe got a quarter or a third of the way through . Ca n't listen to that much whining sarcasm at once . Although anyone can lie in a documentary , including Spurlock -LRB- whom he demonizes -RRB- , this guy purposefully ignores the points made in Supersize Me , which were not all about math , etc. . For example , when I quit , this guy was talking about how patronizing Spurlock was about the poor . I do n't remember if he was or not . But the point to me is that poor people are sometimes fat in part because McDonald 's and grocery food that is cheap is also often high calorie food . Good grocery or restaurant food is not an option . Whether or not I get this guy 's points , I could n't hack it any more and bailed .
 I admire tom naughton for making a movie to counterpoint supersize me , but he 's not as charismatic as morgan spurlock and he comes off as an angry guy who is trolling .
 I could not even get through all this program . I 'm shocked and surprised that a so called `` Computer Scientist '' can do something like this with so little scientific evidence and on the opinions of a handful of people just with their own self deluded and failed ideas . Most of his panel are not doctors or nutrisionalists but a few people in offices and a couple in white coats that talk about their opinions with very little or no scientific fact . Naughton then goes onto trash the `` Supersize me '' which in many cases seems like splitting hairs . He talks about Spurlock 's 5,000 calories and then compares what he could eat - like he calculates around 3,600 instead of 5,000 ; big deal is n't it like moving deck chairs on the titanic - it 's kind of obvious that you 'd put on weight either way with that kind of eating . He then makes out he 's calling Spurlock 's production company and making out they did n't reply back to him.His `` science '' consists of interviews people on the street and tries to make out it 's scientific . He asks people to tell him what they think of calories -LRB- high or low -RRB- when he shows them a plate with a Big Mac and fries and a large coke . He also takes a camera out and says it took him 2 hours to find pictures of really fat people . There 's nothing in the program about the tens of thousands of people who end up in hospital with chronic and life threatening illnesses like heart disease when many of these people are not `` seriously overweights '' either.His worst thing though is to criticize the `` Food Evangelists '' by having a few people with zero scientific credibility trash the so called `` Freedom infringement '' . He even compares them to the prohibition lobbyists . It 's like an NRA guy calling anyone who wants to introduce gun checks `` liberal hippy commies '' . He picks on one advocacy/lobbyist group the CSPI and does a very poor job of trying to discredit them . But you can do that with any lobbyist group and poke holes in their argument . I do n't even think the CSPI is particularly credible , it 's like picking on the weakest guy in the room and doing him over and making out you 're a `` hard guy '' . His small amount of scientific credibility is Eric Oliver , PhD from University of Chicago and he 's only stating the obvious like intake of high sugar contents beverages and snacking are causing obesity . He even says the CSPI is a `` very well intentioned organization '' . He tries to make out that because they are advocating vegetarianism then they are a `` vegetarian organization that is their only interest , not the interest of the public '' and `` promoting mis-information for the benefit of some industries '' . Well , I 've a shocking surprise for you Mr Naughton , so does every other advocate group out there . He then lists dozens of food items that the founder Michael Jabobson and CSPI has warned about as being dangerous . Things like Eggs , Eggplant Parmigiana , gyros , grilled cheese , fried rice , hamburgers , meat loaf , scones , etc. . However , if you look closely at what 95 % of these foods are it 's either high in fat , salt or has animal fat/protein like meats and dairy . Feccuccini alfredo is singled out then he goes and asks people in the street how many of that dish they have eaten then asked them how many heart attacks they 've had . That is just plain stupid ! It 's the issue of the dish being processed pasta and high contents of fat in dairy not how many you 've eaten in your life!If you watch this take it with a large `` pinch of salt '' and watch something that can provide you with more of the facts and less cheap and tacky opinion and `` science '' .
 It really seems like this guy has a personal vendetta against Morgan Spurlock . Or maybe he 's just bankrolled by McDonalds?Either way , the tone of this movie was snarky , snippy , childish , and petty . I had no pre-judgements before watching `` Fat Head '' , but was almost instantly turned off by Mr. Naughton 's overly simplistic and obnoxious retorts to Spurlock 's claims from the movie `` Supersize Me '' . Truth be told , I could n't even make it through the whole film . Naughton 's whiny tone forced me to shut it off and walk away about 3/4 of the way through -- I simply had enough .
 The main reason I was interested in watching this was because of the challenge on Supersize Me . He made some points that I agree with , such as it being a choice to consume fast food , and that fast food does n't necessarily make you fat . The main difference between each of these documentaries is that Supersize Me takes a liberal viewpoint , thinking that the government or some other entity is somehow responsible for your health , while Fathead takes a conservative viewpoint because he says that it is a personal responsibility to care for yourself , not the government 's or anyone elses . In fact , he even basically sounds like he is anti government . His points that he made about Morgan Spurlock 's math being wrong were definitely worth something , but unfortunately the vast majority of the public does not know this . The rest of the film was full of problems . I really wanted to like the movie and agree with it , being a big believer in self responsibility , but many things stood out to me , such as :1 . From the very beginning of the film when he says that it took him `` hours '' to film all of these obese people , so there must not really be that big of an obesity problem . He also later says that there really is n't an obesity problem , but that definition of obesity changed . I agree that some people are wrongfully classified as overweight or obese , and something needs to change there . But the idea that he obesity problem is not that bad is ludicrous . I see more obese people that what he filmed in `` hours '' just merely by going grocery shopping . I also see many young children that are obese . He also mentioned that black and hispanic people tend to be `` thicker , '' and that part of this whole obesity epidemic is white people just not accepting that they have different body types . Excuse me , but I am aware that there are differences in body types , what does that have to do with obesity ? If someone is very obese , it does n't matter what race they are , they are obese . Most black and hispanic people may be `` thicker '' on average , but they are n't obese . The obesity problem is n't white people not accepting other races , it is rather obvious from looking around that there are plenty of obese white people . The film made it sound as if thin white women had some sort of personal vendetta against other races being different , and this is yet another reason why the obesity problem is being blown out of proportion .2 . He contradicts himself because he emphasizes that the obesity problem is n't that bad , but then goes into detail about everything wrong with public schools and kids these days . I agree that kids need more physical activity and are overmedicated , but apparently he has a problem with kids eating school lunches and not walking home . Oh and school buses are bad too .3 . The part of about the lipid hypothesis being wrong was good , but his evidence of how the human diet is supposed to work is very lacking . He gets all of his information from `` Protein Power '' and other low carb diets pushers . I agree that humans were n't meant to eat most of what we eat , including eating too many grains . But the idea that simply eating any grains at all is like eating sugar is too far fetched and not believable . He seems to think that by merely not eating grains and eating any amount of unhealthy processed meats and animal products , he 'll be in perfect health . He is leaving out the entire issue of hormones antibiotics , etc , being put into these animal products and how they may affect health . Our ancestors did not eat factory farmed grain fed beef or other factory farmed animal products , but somehow he thinks this is not relevant at all . Sorry to break it to you , but when you go get a fast food hamburger without the bun , you are not just eating beef like our ancestors did . It is partially beef that has been injected with hormones and antibiotics and taken from hundereds of different grain fed cows , along with other ingredients that are n't even food , so it 's not even 100 % beef . But as long as you 're not eating the bun , it 's healthy right ? He also does n't seem to think it 's important to eat leafy greens and other fruits and veggies , even though these should be making up the bulk of the diet .4 . The part where he eats the leafy greens and the rice and makes it seem so `` disgusting '' was annoying to me . Personally I would have enjoyed the meal . It 's interesting how he emphasizes personal responsibility in not being obese , but then does n't want to eat healthy himself . It 's almost like he is trying to push this idea that it 's ok to eat an unhealthy diet , as long as you do n't eat grains .5 . The whole idea that he and the other low carb people are trying to push is that grains cause your body to get `` metabolic syndrome , '' which the real cause of obesity in this country . Grains make up the diet of most cultures around the world , including other countries that have low obesity rates . Japan eats rice as one of their main food sources along with fresh veggies and lots of fish . They have the lowest obesity rate in the world . European countries such as Italy and France have high carb diets and much lower obesity rates . It is disturbing to me that by reading a few low carb diet books he seems to think he knows everything about eating `` healthy , '' and by eating steak and bacon all day that is adequate .6 . In a few scenes he asks some people if they have ever eaten fettucine alfredo and then if they have ever had a heart attack , implying that the fettucine does not cause people to have a heart attack . Later he eats a hamburger from a fast food place and emphasizes that he is not having a heart attack . Anyone with any knowledge of research at all will know this was ridiculous , just because you do n't have a heart attack after eating does not mean what you are eating is healthy . The research may show that people who eat those foods are more likely to have a heart attack . DUH . He also contradicts himself because after making a big deal out of no one having a heart attack from eating fettucine , he later tells us that grains are bad and are the cause of obesity and heart disease . Huh?The bottom line is that your foods should be as untampered with as possible . Fruits , veggies , nuts , greens , etc , should make up the bulk of the diet , with some animal products , and personally I believe grains are ok . The obesity problem is not caused by people eating grains . People have eaten grains in this country way before there was an obesity problem . The difference is that back then , they did n't eat processed GMO foods with additives that were not really food . People also do n't get enough physical activity .
 Hog wash ! All of the people are young so they do n't have health conditions by JUNK food . Not one of the people were old .
 Right from the beginning , terrible . Comic is not funny at all and the movie was poorly put together . In addition , it was a lame attempt to rip off Super Size Me .
 This movie looked like it might be entertaining but its terrible to watch . Got to around 18 minutes then had o close it .
 In trying to make a point about personal freedom and responsibility , Naughton not only seems to miss the point entirely , but he 's misleading in doing so . His critique of Super Size Me being sensationalist is fair , but that 's the only truth I could discern from this -LRB- completely un-funny -RRB- movie .
 This guy needs to stick with his geeky computer life and eat McDonalds the rest of his life . Then we 'll see if he still thinks eating controlled fast food calories is ok . Do not watch
 First , I do n't understand why this is billed as a comedy . It never made me laugh , and I had trouble figuring out what parts were supposed to be funny . Maybe when they made a Cuckoo sound while showing a picture of Ralph Nader?There is some good and useful information here , but there is so much condescending attitude , and so many logical fallacies , that it makes it hard to sort through to the good information . The whole thing is set up as a counterpoint to Super Size Me , yet it mostly presents arguments against claims that were never made in Super Size Me . It does call some points of that movie into question -LRB- and I seriously appreciate the few times that it does so -RRB- , but they are mostly inconsequential points -LRB- honestly , what difference does it make if Spurlock was averaging 5000 calories or not ? -RRB- , and many of the counterarguments Fat Head makes to Spurlock 's movie are easily deconstructed . As one example , Naughton calls into question the year-by-year , state-by-state epidemiological data showing a steady rise in obesity . He explains this by a point when the term `` obesity '' was re-defined . If that were remotely correct as an explanation , there would only be a one or two year jump in obesity as the new definition was implemented , yet rates are rising unabated to this day.The best part of the film is largely a straw man argument -LRB- seriously , take a list of logical fallacies and see how many and how fast you can check them off while watching this movie -RRB- . Naughton goes to great lengths to demonstrate that certain types of fat are essential for our health -LRB- apparently as a strange sort of vindication for fast food -RRB- . Nobody disputes this ! They are scientifically known as EFAs
 With `` Fathead '' Tom Naughton tries to present a clever , rational , and unambiguous response to the somewhat controversial `` Supersize Me '' documentary . Naughton 's premise is not only that fast food is not a health hazard , but that , in fact , all modern nutritional health information is -LRB- as he frequently puts it -RRB- `` baloney . `` I do n't intend to defend `` Supersize Me '' which was outlandishly biased and questionably informative . In fact , `` Supersize Me '' and Morgan Spurlock most definitely had an agenda to sell , and the premise that fast food is the single cause of obesity in the nation simply begs for a response . The problem is , `` Fathead '' is the exact same agenda-driven piece of propaganda , only from the other side.The biggest problem with this so-called documentary is that Naughton uses it as a launchingpad for standard right-wing propaganda -LRB- frequently taking the form of sardonic mocking and childish insults directed at any liberal or seemingly left-wing public service organization -RRB- under the guise of common sense and clarity , while being guilty of exactly the same thing he accused others
 I bought several seasons on Designing Women and at least one disk in each of the boxed sets had issues , either it would skip or some of the episodes would n't play at all . Since we purchased multiple seasons , it took time before we realized that this issue was pervasive throughout all of the boxed sets . Severely disappointing as this was a gift .
 My mom and I were big horror movie fans when I was growing up . We got this for 1 dollar I think ... like sometime in the 80 's or 90 's and if you ask me , I think we paid 99 cents too much for it ! This movie is TERRIBLE ! The only reason my mom and I watched it more than once was to make fun of it and believe me when I say there is a lot of comedic material but for all the WRONG reasons ! It was not intended as a comedy but if you like to make fun of movies it can be hilarious ! It must be one of the worst movies ever . Bad plot , bad camera work , cheesy acting and it is n't even scary . It is about a newlywed couple and a psycho mother-in-law who has a thing for white cats named Sheba ... And a cat graveyard for her dozens of dead cats who were all named `` Sheba '' as well ... and soon we find out the reason for all the dead kitties ... BOOWAHAHAHAHA!If you are having a bad movie party this would certainly be a fine candidate . It might also be funny if you happen to have a psycho , cat-loving mother-in-law ! Apart from that do n't watch this . If you love animals or happen to belong to PETA , do NOT watch this for sure . The son drowning the poor cat in the bowl of milk is disturbing ! I think whoever wrote this either had an Oedipus complex or had a nasty mother-in-law ! I wo n't spoil the ending , though I doubt `` spoiling '' this travesty is possible . It is already as rotten as a year old carton of milk to begin with!The only reason why I would ever give this monstrosity an extra star it has some `` So bad , it 's good '' elements and also because I do have to admit ... its ORIGINAL ! I have never seen another movie like it and that is probably a good thing in this case ! After seeing this you will probably react one of two ways
 The title of this DVD is a bit misleading . I was expecting to see actual images of Mars as seen from the Mar 's rovers . Granted a few actual images were displayed but nothing that could n't be obtained on the net.The dvd largely concentrates on the planning of the rovers up to launch . Animation then takes over with the landing of the rovers and exploration of the surface.Non the less the Dvd is enjoyable with great attention paid to the accuracy of the animation . Obviously it could not be expected to see the actual landing and deployment of the rovers if it were n't by animation.If you are wanting to see real images of the Mars surface forget this DVd and wait until a Dvd comes out that does show the real images obtained from the rovers .
 I bought this documentary thinking I was going to see images and footage of Mars from the two rovers during their explorations ... however ... 99 % of this documentary is COMPUTER ANIMATION ! So very little of this `` documentary '' is actual images and footage from the rovers I can only say one thing . This documentary is PATHETIC ! It runs slightly less than 40 minutes ! If you followed the stories of Spirit and Opportunity in the news ... then you 've already seen more rover images from that source than what you will see in this documentary . AN EXTREMELY HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT ! Do n't waste your money .
 There is less information in this presentation than the average Nova program . Even the Nasa Youtube videos can give a better science than this whole dvd . I expected a lot more from the people of JPL and Nasa .
 Picture was not 1080p blu-ray quality . I own and watch many blu-ray and this one was more like DVD up-converted to 1080p . Maybe it 's the IMAX camera , I was very disappointed in the picture quality . Some of the clips are not even HD , just standard SD . I watch all my blu-ray on a 106 '' screen with high quality 1080p projector and this was terrible . May be okay on a smaller size HDTV but you will be disappointed with larger size HDTV or screen.Roving Mars mainly focused on the beginning of the project up to the point both rovers landed at Mars . I felt cheated , did n't show any of the Rovers exploring Mars but the initial landing . I had hope to see more actual pictures of Mars , but only a few shots were included . I saw much more exploring and pictures of Mars from the Discovery channel show on this project than this blu-ray . Very disappointed in my purchase .
 All the Imax films are great as are quite a few independents , documentary 's etc but for a 40min film it should be like $ 12.95 , I do n't care if its bluray or not . Blu ray better get their pricing structure in order or they 'll never dominate .
 I 'm very excited about science and engineering . We ca n't take for granted the courage and brilliance it took NASA and its contractors to design , implement , and deploy the equipment for this mission , then exercise the robots for this mission . And they did it all for less than what we pay for a baseball stadium!This 40-minute film is disappointing , however . It 's short on science ; there is no discussion of the launch planning , the path of the rover as it travels to Mars , or any interesting facts . What is its weight ? How did the timing work ? How did the engineers design the rover , and measure its performance ? What materials were used in its implementation ? What diagnostics did it have ? How much power did it use ? What challenges were involved in surviving the harsh Martian atmosphere , its cold , the dust , and its chemistry?The questions I have are simple , and endless . This film addressed none of them , I 'm afraid . Worse , as others have pointed out , there 's very little actual footage from the rovers . Most of the CGI scenes are flawed -- seeing stars through the shadowed surface of the moon , for example.I admire the engineers and explorers in our space programs as heroes . This film does them disservice by failing to tell their wonderful story .
 First of all I was disappointed not by the fact that there was very little scientific information like one of the reviewers but by the fact that there is almost no actual Mars footage ! My guess is 60 percent is about the troubles of building the rovers , and then perhaps 35 percent is CG images of the rover landing on Mars , coming up to a rock , etc , and maybe only 5 minutes of this film -LRB- if that -RRB- actually contains any actual footage of the planet itself -- the real reason I wanted to watch this film ! The movie that I would love to see is one without any narrator , but with just images capturing the sublime grandeur of space -LRB- in this case Mars -RRB- paired of with some kind of subtle music by someone like Brian Eno.That said , the CG images were nicely done , and some of the scenes of them building the rovers were interesting . My final advice , rent it first -LRB- I did -RRB- before you decide if you really want to buy it . I 'm going to save my money for something else .
 That 's rare about cast -LRB- never again seen -RRB- . It 's the clone of the italian `` Trinit&agrave; '' with Terence Hill and Bud Spencere.Technical quality is horrible .
 I am sure if I could have stuck it out till the end the character Derrick probably turns into a nice guy . However he is so cocky and obnoxious that i could n't watch it any longer . I think they went overboard on making Derrick into someone who needed God and faith . He needed personality as well . And what did his girlfriend see in him ? He had no redeeming Qualities at the beginning . I lasted about 40 minutes before i could n't stand him any longer
 Save your money . This dvd is boring , poor quality film . Unless you competed at this event or know someone who did you 'll probably want to skip this .
 I saw the original TAMI show when it first came out and this version is not even close . The original version had many more shots of the dancers and performers that are not included on this version . The video quality is good , but the sound is terrible . If you are looking for the original version , this is not it . Do n't waste your money .
 I have the original Version on VHS . Where are the Ronettes ? Where is Ike and Tina Turner ? This is not the Full Version !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I am upset that they would even try to pass this off as the original . DO NOT BUY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1111
 DO NOT BUY ! IT DOES NOT CHANGE TRACKS . TO MUCH HASSEL TO SEND BACK . KENT
 Legendary is a word that gets thrown around like confetti at a wedding . On paper , the lineup for this show sounds incredible . But the actual goods are not delivered . Marvin Gaye sounds ok , the Beach Boys are very good , but James Brown got a lot better as the 60 's moved on -LRB- see YouTube for the proof -RRB- , and the Stones are out of tune and frankly , not very good . They got better as the decade progressed too . And the less said about the other acts , the better . This will appeal to aging boomers who rail about the bad music of today and want to relive their childhoods . Sadly , sometimes concert films should stay in the can , as is the case with this . The hype from the industry is of course impressive . At least the acts are live , so I will give it a star ...
 If this was a totally live performance by ALL the artist , then I 'm ready to be corrected . Although the mic 's appear to be hot , not all of the instrumenta are actually being played . Of all the performers the only ones who even look like they are delivering the goods is Chuck Berry and the Stones .
 I was so looking forward to watching this DVD . After finding this unknown film noir , I noticed it was issued by Image . Anyone familiar with their products knows by now that purchasing from Image is hit and miss in terms of quality . This one is clearly not remastered - or even restored in any way . In fact , the print is plagued in numerous spots from where the film print had broken and then was spliced together with a few damaged frames at each splice being removed . When oh when will Image have a consistant quality of product ? This could have been a delighful purchase has been turned into a lesson not to buy any more DVDs from this company !
 The movie itself is a wonderful film noir and Laurence Tierney was born to play this part . Image Entertainment 's release , on the other hand , is a disgrace . They are consistently using very poor images of great movies and sell them at overblown prices . ` Too Late for Tears ' , is another example to prove this point . I highly recommend Dark Crimes 50 Movie Pack . It contains 50 public domain movies on 12 DVDs -LRB- Hoodlum included -RRB- for about $ 16 - $ 17 . You get decent quality recordings at an unbeatable price . Image DVDs are not worth spending money on .
 Lawrence Tierney is one of my very favrotie performers , and even I could n't watch this movie . The print is awful ; the sound is worse ; and it frequently skips right past some of the dialogue.It 's not a good movie to begin with , and does n't really showcase Tierney 's talent . It has no real plot , and you do n't care about any of the characters except Tierney 's long suffering mother , who winds up dying from his very presence , a little eerie in view of the fact that LT 's real life mother committed suicide.You 've never seen any of the other performers -LRB- unless you 're a 3 Stooges fan -RRB- or heard of any of the behind the scenes folk , and it 's easy to see why.This is not a B movie . It 's firmly ensconced in the D - category , and yet it 's spectacular in comparison to the DVD version of it . No features . No labeling of scenes . Scratchy , horrible print . Cover picture that does n't even resemble the performers.Cheap , cheap , cheap . They do n't come any cheaper.No more ALPHA videos for me.Take the $ 6.98 , and donate it to your favorite charity.I 'd suggest you watch my copy , but it would n't be worth the postage .
 The transaction went without a hitch but the DVD was a joke but not the sellers fault ... All in all A + to the seller Thanks
 i borrow this video from a friend and i did n't learn a thing . i watched it like 4 times at least and its just a horrible instructional video . but if u really want to waste ur time and money go ahead and buy it
 I expected Shadow LIight to be a lot better . I am only giving it two stars out of the five . It was leaning towards corny .
 I could n't finish watching this movie and it was certainly not worth the money I spent to rent it . I would not recommend watching it even if it is free !
 I curse the day I prayed for this to happen . Seriously , if you read the review I wrote for Disney 's animated version of ` Alice in Wonderland ' I said that Tim Burton needed to make this a live action film . I was salivating over the idea . When my dreams came true I was ecstatic . I just knew that this film would be everything I hoped it would be and then , well , it was n't . It really , REALLY was n't . First off , everyone and their mother needs to be forewarned that this film is NOT a direct adaptation of the classic original we all know and love . That is n't to say that this is n't pulled from Lewis Carroll 's books , it is just that it does n't follow the animated classic we all have grown up loving . This film follows an older Alice who has just been proposed to by a nasty young man . She flees the scene of the proposal and falls down the rabbit hole once again except she ca n't remember anything from before -LRB- although she does recall some lost memories she assumes are part of a recurring dream -RRB- and so she does a lot of repeat work -LRB- I assume in an effort to draw on the nostalgia of it all -RRB- before she uncovers the reality of why she is where she is . She has to help overthrow the Red Queen by defeating some dragon creature so that the White Queen can take her rightful place on the throne.Thank god for Helena Bonham-Carter . Ok , so let 's be honest here . This film is a total mess . The issue here is that Burton does n't know how to edit himself . He throws so much at you , assuming that more is more when in actuality , it 's a freakish overkill . ` Alice in Wonderland ' is a trashcan filled to the brim with a months worth of leftovers that spills out onto every frame . From the overload of colorful set pieces that just overtakes every scene to the nightmarish performance by Johnny Depp , this film is garish to an extreme . The plotting is underwhelming . In reading Tim Burton 's take on the film , he had mentioned being unmoved and emotionally disconnected to the actual flow of the books and the original films . He said that he wanted to create a human element here , but he lost the whole point of the tale and instead shoved a generically clich&eacute;d ` formula ' at us and called it UNDERLAND.I wo n't say that the visuals are bad because they are not . In many instances they are slick and exciting , but there are just TOO MANY OF THEM . This film is far too loud . Sure , some may say that the point of this film is to be loud , and to an extent they are right , but this film does n't carry the right visual feel . This film feels forced and unfocused . Far too much -LRB- FAR TOO MUCH -RRB- attention was given to creating dreamlike set pieces that cross the line of ` tasteful ' into ` tacky ' , and far too little attention was given to fleshing out the childlike curiosity that embodied the original.Burton did n't ` get it ' and so his take on the story does n't ` get it ' . The less said about Johnny Depp 's embarrassing portrayal of The Mad Hatter the better . Why wo n't he just go away?In the end , there are two things worth mentioning here . The score is on one hand rather loud and forbearing but it is also appropriately used and beautiful in its own right . Also , Helena Bonham-Carter is BRILLIANT here . I really think she needs to divorce -LRB- at least professionally -RRB- Tim Burton and solely work with other directors , but it is apparent that her talent was needed here since she livens her every scene and creates an unforgettable presence in The Red Queen.She 's magnificent.Skip this trash heap , seriously .
 I ca n't help but wondering why Tim Burton decided to turn the funny , illogic , surrealistic , symbolic tale of Alice into the most boring , standard , predictable , a-thousand-times-seen story . It is obvious that he only cares about the visuals , but that results into a boring movie , because the `` plot '' -LRB- so to speak -RRB- is utterly uninteresting . Lucky I watched it on 3D , as a 2D movie it would be twice as flat . Needless to say I will not purchase it , I could n't stand this movie more than once , honestly . To me , it is the second great fiasco of Tim Burton 's after the equally unbearable `` Planet of the apes '' .
 Just tried Amazon 's streaming videos for the first time and was shocked to learn it would n't let me watch anything but the lowest streaming quality even though I have tested download speeds of 16mbps over fiber optic . Netflix offers streaming movies in HD , so there 's simply no comparison . What a horrible way to watch a Burton movie at 240p . I did n't watch the rest of this one and I 'm getting a refund as soon as I finish this review.Run as fast as you can from Amazon video rentals !!!
 Once there lived a man named Tim Burton who created magical worlds and stories such as `` Beetlejuice '' , `` Batman Returns '' , `` Sleepy Hollow '' , and `` Charlie and Chocolate Factory . '' These films films dropped you into a world and sucked you into the plot . You were able to connect with the characters and felt like you were inside the world of the films I listed above . When the technology of computer generated imagery alias ` CGI ' , come around , it changed the structure of story telling and film making ... for the good ? Well all I can say is I feel some directors have been abusing CGI and when I watch these over grossed CGI films I do n't feel connect with the film or characters as much -LRB- I 'm for CGI but only when used as a story teller -LRB- ex . `` Sleepy Hollow '' , `` Tin Man '' , `` Lord of the Rings Trilogy '' and `` The Chronicles of Narnia '' for a few . -RRB- Tim Burton has fallen into the technology trap that George Lucas did on the `` Star Wars Prequels '' and has many other film makers . Burton 's `` Alice in Wonderland '' is a film that could have been really good , but fails to live up to my expectations as a big lover of the original novel by Lewis Carrol.Oh yes , speaking of the original novel `` Alice in Wonderland , '' Burton 's adaptation , if its a adaptation at all , is poorly developed . It takes what Mr. Carrol originally created as an innocent children story and distorts it into a complicated action plot with silly dialog and un-logical references to the original novel . By the way , what is up with filling wonderland with action scenes and a underground resistance ? WHEN DID WONDERLAND TURN INTO NARINA ??? I have heard that some people thought the film focused too much on the Mad Hatter , but in all honesty , I thought it focused too on that god annoying Red Queen played by Helena Charter . I now she is Burton 's domestic partner , but what the hell is up with him always casting her in his films ? I mean good grief ! Whenever Burton comes out with a film nowadays that he directed I already know who is going to be in the film , Johnny Depp and Helena Charter , WHAT THE HELL HAPPENED TO MICHAEL KEATON ?? why did they break up after `` Batman Returns ? '' that was great film . I did n't enjoy watching the film either , well that is too say really enjoyed the opening of the film . The scenes that took place in England -LRB- before Alice fell down the rabbit hole -RRB- was really well photographed , and the part when Alice falls down the rabbit hole was entertaining to say the least , but after she enters Wonderland it started to get ridiculous . As I watched the film I was comparing it to Burton 's '80s and '90s films.I have become spectacle of Burton . He is now only doing films for Disney and I understand he is on contract to direct of live action version of Malificent , which will be a retelling of Cinderella . Oh no , hell no . why does n't he just retire , he has n't really done anything really good since `` Sleepy Hollow '' I liked `` Charlie the Chocolate Factory '' but he is slipping and needs to retire for heaven 's sake . To summarize this awfully long review , I will just say to skip this film and watch a older Burton film .
 This is just too weird for words ... . I did n't care for it . More wasted money . I hate movie theaters , but wish I had rented this one from the library .
 I purchased this as a gift and felt misled when the description didnt tell me the case has big writing `` not for sale promotional item only '' The seller was notified about this misleading description yet fails to do anything . For five extra bux you can get the real movie that comes with the blu ray , dvd , etc. . I do love amazon though , they issued a refund and as always , provided excellent customer service .
 I waited a long time to see this film and besides the good CG , the movie was just boring.The story was bad and there was very slow character development . I yawned four times and i watched it in 3D , That 's how bad it was . .
 To start I do not have a love affair with Burton/Depp movies . They have some good , they have some awful , and then there is Wonderland . To me it showcases some what quality actors can do with a bad script , and bad movie . The over the top colors , and cinematography were an attempt to cover up a poor story . I really look at this movie as a 2.5 out of 5 . Bad movie , bad story , bad cinematography , but very well done acting , and deliverance of lines.In the end if you are like mnay who simply fall in love with ever Burton/Depp movie , then I am sure you will rate this movie higher and not share my feelings . However , to each their own and for anyone thinking about buying before viewing it once , I would not recomend that path .
 For all my reviews visit my websiteI am NOT reviewing the DVD . Just the movies unless otherwise stated.Please note that the rating above might not accurately reflect my thoughts , you will see a rating sentence at the end of the review.Ah , whatever your thinking , IS WRONG !!!! Unless it is that the theory of relativity is false ... Okay , there 's been a weird trend , the return of good kids movies . Where the Wild Things Are , to A Christmas Carol , The Princess and the Frog , and they 're making a new video game called `` Epic Mickey '' -LRB- Although those who are 8 will have nightmares playing this game . -RRB- I expected this to be among the war against crap . I. . . was flipping wrong ! This is the equivalent to Hollywood BullCrapWhat does it start out as ? Well , it actually starts out pretty good , I like the first scene with Alice as a 6 year old very much , it was very well done . The next scene , was alright , a little unnecessary and not exactly for those who are 5 to talk about * cough * Alice is forced to marry a crapper * cough * Yeah , I meant to say that . Here 's the good part about that scene though
 Even with the volume on the TV and speakers at their highest , it was impossible to hear the audio for this film .
 There 's nothing wonderful about Tim Burton 's adaption of Alice 's Adventures In Wonderland ; a fantasy novel by Lewis Carroll . It 's one of the most popular children 's stories American culture has to offer . I remember attending a stage-play version of it back in elementary school . But I do n't remember it being this bad.This is a movie without a clear plotline . The visuals ; the costumes and set designs that make-up Wonderland ; are artsy and imaginative . That 's one thing a Tim Burton presentation virtually guarantees . But the story , which lands a girl named Alice in an impossible dreamworld of sorts , fails to captivate or even intrigue.Even worse is the characterization . I especially hate Johnny Depp as the incredibly annoying Mad Hatter and the cringe-inducing `` futterwacken '' dance he does , which an otherwise likeable Alice mimics near the end . It 's just so stupid and pointless , as is the whole movie . Shame on Tim Burton for ruining childhood memories.marcellee.com
 Just received this movie and was excited to watch it in 3D , Alas , NO Glasses - is this made for the 3D tv 's and the special 3D $ 100.00 glasses ? Not too happy unless they just forgot to enclose the glasses .
 `` How yet this dark and lonely nightAbout us tempts and teases ; How , too , this ever-waning lightSo thoroughly displeases ... `` So proclaims the Queen of Hearts in her final soliloquy to the doomed Knave of Hearts in J.T. Holden 's masterful retelling of the Lewis Carroll classic , appropriately entitledAlice in Verse
 This movie was a disgrace to childrens movies . They completly redid the movie and had none of the original aspects to it . Stick to the originals and dont waste your money . BY far Tim Burtons worst movie ever . A disgrace to stoners everywhere.DTG !!!
 This was one of the worst movies I have seen , everything seemed to move along really slow and not a lot going on . Picture quality was great , however the audio quality left a lot to be desired . I could not wait for the movie to end and I am a Johnny fan too . I wo n't be watching this movie ever again.This was watched on a Samsung 8000 in blu-ray .
 I 'm tired of going into intricate detail with how bad this movie was , so I 'm summing it up quickly : This movie killed my childhood , and everything I 've loved ever -LRB- as my earliest influence in taste regarding media/entertainment was fueled by Burton , from the age of about 3 or less -RRB- and a direct message to Burton himselfThis is bad , and you should feel bad for making it.Thank you .
 I have always love `` Alice in Wonderland '' and newer nonsense like `` Monty Python 's Flying Circus '' & `` Brazil '' . `` Alice in Wonderland '' is a wonderful book , influential in my formative years , I saw the Disney version and read the book , first in college . Louis Carroll -LRB- Charles Dodgson -RRB- was a Mathematician and Logic Professor at Oxford . The girl on whom `` Alice '' was based was an inquisitive , sweet young child , Alice Liddell . The greatest thing about this book was it is nonsense . Carroll plays clever but logically consistent nonsense word games throughout . It prepared me for a world which should be logical and rational but seldom is and is often laughable nonsense . Think of an America president going to war , searching everywhere for nonexistent weapons of mass destruction while ignoring the real threats to America . Nonsense and silly logic abound.Tim Burton destroys the basic nonsense premise of the book wherein Alice is the only one asking logical questions and the other characters respond with silly nonsense . This movie starts with Alice , a willful teen whose major act of defiance is refusing to wear a corset . -LRB- When John Tenniel did etchings for the early Alice editions , he sometimes substituted a girl that looked more like the teen in this movie . -RRB- Burton has supplied us with rational explanations at every turn . Tweeledum and Tweeledee are the wonderland equivalent of annoying teen girls above . Everyone in Wonderland has an analogue in the real world . Alice is being pushed into an unwanted marriage with the Upperclass Twit of the Year , no chin and bright red hair . So she escapes from this pressure down the rabbit hole into Wonderland.In Wonderland , all of the characters , and I do mean all , are dumbed-down into Friends of Alice -LRB- FOA -RRB- and Enemies of Alice -LRB- EOA -RRB- . Alice in Wonderland is turned into the equivalent of a car chase movie . Instead of the nonsense all of the characters of the book , there is a plot - the evil oppressor Queen of Hearts -LRB- Helena Bonham Carter -RRB- and her henchmen want to kill Alice -LRB- EOA -RRB- and the March Hare , Mad Hatter , Dormouse , Smoking Caterpillar and Cheshire Cat -LRB- FOA -RRB- want to help Alice into being a lib Wonderland superhero . This dumbing-down doubtless makes the movie clearer for Little Johnny and Little Suzie , so they can understand these black and white/good guys and bad guys , but it destroys the essence of Carroll 's original . Johnny Depp 's Mad Hatter has a bit of the clever Carroll word play -LRB- but even his part is over-explained and rationalized -RRB- . He and lead Helena Bonham Carter have the only real acting parts in this movie . She puts her feet up on a pig to rest them ! I 'm surprised the Walrus and the Carpenter did n't ' choose sides . One of my favorite nonsense poems , the Jabberwocky , is similarly forced to choose sides with Alice the hero in armor ! I searched in vain for an interesting character and the only one was the `` evaporating '' toothy Cheshire Cat.Why do movie producers insist on overlaying contemporary values on historical fiction ? The rationalized end of this movie is a cloyingly formulaic , Victorian feminist , coming-of-age wish-fulfillment . The end of the movie -LRB- which I wo n't reveal -RRB- is so bad , so lib , it made me want to gag.Is this the future of movies , dumbed down 3D predisgested pablum ? Why waste all this acting and animation talent on a ludicrously bad screenplay?Hey , just trying to save your money!If you want to see a much better feminist coming-of-age movie , try `` An Education '' or `` Young Victoria '' ; a better cartoon-ish movie with a much better plot and more believable fleshed out characters `` The Princess and the Frog '' ; or a better `` Alice in Wonderland , try Disney -LRB- or any other version ever made -RRB- .
 Not so great 3D , I have seen better , like Polar Express , was great . Also this movie is not for young children , it 's scary all the way through . The 3D switches back and fort between 2D and 3D . I even took my glasses of to check and at times it was in 2D . I am disappointed with this movie coming from Disney .
 Why does Tim Burton keep making the same movie ? He was very original , and at his prime , with his films like `` Edward Scissorhands , '' `` Ed Wood , '' `` Mars Attacks , '' `` The Nightmare Before Christmas , '' `` Sleepy Hollow , '' and especially `` Big Fish . '' But it seems that for the past few years he has been regurgitating the same movie again and again , no matter what the title . It has gotten to the point that as long as you know his style , all they have to do is announce that Burton is doing Charlie or Sweeney or Alice , and I feel like I 've seen it already . I can visualize it , therefore I do n't need to watch his overanimated rendition of it . It 's always better in my mind because he has such awesome potential , but then he just botches the whole thing up.Johnny Depp has been one of my favorites since he 's been on screen , but it seems as though he does not know how to say `` no '' to his good friend , even when it may be better for his career -LRB- which , I guess is respectable to a degree -RRB- . I honestly believe that he did not have as much fun with his role as the Hatter as he could -LRB- and should -RRB- have . The character was too down-to-earth . The Scottish dialect transitions did NOT work . They made him less MAD and more RANDOM , and were completely out of context . I feel that his character , and possibly the entire idea of Burton doing Alice , was less because there was a demand for -LRB- ANOTHER -RRB- interpretation of a story that nothing in this world can convince me to care about , and more aimed to sell the trendy `` today 's Burton/Depp project '' merchandise at Hot Topic to all the fashion-challenged sixteen-year-old teenybopper girls . I LOVE Depp 's Willy Wonka ... * LOVE it * ... but I felt as though I was watching Johnny Depp as Willy Wonka pretending to be Jack Sparrow with a James M. Barrie alter-ego as opposed to actually being pulled in to The Mad Hatter as a charismatic , mad , and most importantly , NEW character.Helena Bonham-Carter is still boning the director , so of course she 's in the movie.Though I remember going to the cinema and throwing down the dough to see it and actually sitting through the entire thing , I feel like I am still waiting to see the new `` Alice in Wonderland '' movie that I was actually excited about . Next up
 Why MUST Mr. Depp destroy the great myths of English lit?First he DESTROYED the whole Legend ofSleepy Hollowwith a BOGUS version UNFAITHFUL to the book and its great meaning and humor and turned it into some REALLY LAME phony horror thing -LRB- HO-HUM , JOHNNY ! -RRB- and now he destroys the depth and meaning of the most amazing and perceptive tale we have in our canon.GO not here.RUN AWAY!read the book!PLEASE!Keep children AWAY from this STUPID MOVIE.give them the gift of life , of humor , of subtlety , of revolutionary perceptionIF YOU LOVE YOUR CHILDREN AT ALLread them the story , and discuss it with themlaugh with them , and let them love our greatest literatureBUT KEEP AWAY FROM THIS MOVIE !! OMG ! FOR THE LOVE OF GOD AND THE ENGLISH LANGUAGE -- BACK AWAY FROM THE DVD!read the bookThe Annotated Alice
 Lame script , butchered original story , no plot , younger Alice so precocious I wanted to drop-kick her to the moon ! Older Alice dull , dull , dull !!! And what was with the very stupid dance by her at the end ? Johnny Depp copying copies of himself , basically chanelled Willie Wonka , sick of Helena Bonham Carter 's pissed-off looks -LRB- would she HAVE a job is she ws n't shacking up with Burton ??? -RRB- , major Carroll characters -LRB- Cheshire Cat , caterpillar -RRB- only doig walk-ons or walk-throughs , dark , dreary backgrounds , same CGI effects seen in every movie now ad nauseum . I fell asleep . Be sure to miss this one.However , it had a killer Elfman score ! That 's the only nice thing I can think to say .
 The movie was beautiful but the story sucked . Grown up Alice a was completely different person from child Alice . I read both Alice in Wonderland and Alice Through the Looking Glass . This movie was highly disappointing . I thought that it would follow the book since the original Disney movie varied from the book so much . I prefer completely retelling a story than twisting a story around . I like the Alice by SyFy channel far better because it did not mislead you into thinking that it was in anyway related to the book .
 Disappointed that I received a very bad copy of a DVD . I thought I was purchasing a true copy . Even the cover was noticeably fake .
 Tim Burton 's version of Lewis Carroll 's `` Alice in Wonderland '' is 98 % Tim Burton and 2 % Lewis Carroll . Like other versions of the Victorian classics , Burton 's interpretation combines the two separate stories `` Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland '' and `` Through the Looking-Glass and What Alice Found There '' , but this time so many liberties have been taken with the two plots there is almost no recognizable resemblance . Burton has tried here to run all the box-office bases
 Horrific CGI mixed with a drab storyline/story and sub-par acting on almost all fronts made this movie nearly unwatchable , considering the foundation it stemmed from . Granted the art direction was nice and I enjoyed the Church Mouse and the March Hare , though not enough to ever bother watching it again . That being said , if you 're looking for this on Amazon , you 've likely already seen the film and liked it , otherwise you would just rent it . But if you have n't ... please , do n't bother . Go get Burtons ' Edward Scissorhands or Big Fish instead , something with heart and genuine storytelling .
 If your expecting the mostly live action remake to the Disney animated classic , your in for a real let down.I 've always loved the animated Alice and it 's my favorite of all the Disney classics which is why I 'm so disappointed with this version . It 's not that the storywriters took liberties to make a mostly original story based on the original Alice , that 's fine . It 's that the end result is confusing and just plain boring.The movie actually starts off fine seeing Alice from our normal world to Wonderland , but it gets bad from there and I found myself scratching my head so much , you 'd have thought I had a dandruff problem or something . We 're kind of rudely reminded that this is not a retelling of the original Alice but a pseudo sequel . Alice has appararently returned to Wonderland but then nobody 's really sure if she was originally there , even her . The plot is slowly explained over the course of the film but it feels choppy and it never really gets going . I was always in anticipation of meeting all the classic characters and for the fun to begin but it never did . This is a very confusing film because I do n't know how to identify it . It 's not fun , funny , scary , sad , action packed or intense . It just is . I found myself bored and tired about halfway through . The bleak new Wonderland did n't help as many parts were dark , drab and old characters were all more like older , more serious versions of themselves . I know it 's supposed to fit with the new war torn , oppressed Wonderland but what fun is that anyway ? It also did n't help that Johnny Depp 's Mad Hatter mumbled half his lines throughout the movie and I had no idea what he was talking about . The absolute end for me was the thrown together battle scene and a prophecy fulfillment of Alice to fight a dragon . Uh , what?The audio/video are both excellent , near the best available even , but for me , it seemed as whole movie 's selling point . They may have just as well advertised it as , `` 3D everybody , Alice in Wonderland in 3D . Come see our great computer graphics in 3D ! '' I do n't really see anything else this movie has to offer other than you can use it to show off your hi def t.v.I 'm confident in saying , I 'll never watch THIS Alice in Wonderland again as there 's really no reason . While it might have had Alice , the only Wonder was as to why the people who made this movie thought that this was a good story . I would 've rather they took the easy way out and just do a remake . I 'm all for creativity but when you remove everything good about an original story and it 's characters , what 's left just is n't worth watching .
 A very ugly caricature of a great book . Its box office success reflects poorly on contemporary culture .
 This was a big dissapointment . I am -LRB- believe it or not -RRB- a fan of the Alice in Wonderland story , which is the reason why I do not like this 3-D version of `` Alice in Wonderland `` This film is set many years after the first/original version . Alice is about to get married , when once again , she spots the white rabbit , and follows him . Once back in Wonderland Alice embarks on her true destiny
 There was a lack of continuity and it kept repeating itself to the point of boredom.Lousy movie!WARNING
 1 . Although I tend to like most Johnny Depp films -LRB- esp Charlie Chocolate Factory etc. . . -RRB- and this film was visually amazing , in the end a good film is based on solid writing and solid acting ... which this film sorely lacked in . Bottomline , the movie seemed that it had everything going for it -LRB- special effects , the classic story , famous actors -RRB- ... but it was just plain boring , I 'm mean really boring . Out of the three family members who started to watch this film , no one finished it . Even my kid who waches almost anything , was so completely bored with this film that he just went on to do other mundane things . Bottomline , if you value your time , skip this dud .
 This movie made gangbuster in the box office so I had to see this movie . I was bored and fell asleep . Did n't see why it did so well ?
 I expected a little more from Tim Burton . Great visuals , but a not so fun plot .
 i thought about this . this movie has terrible values . most over-blown large budget film making often does . there was no need for yet another version of ` Alice ' . and this one is the worst . it makes the Irwin Allen adaptation look good.who would be so foolish as to let a kid see a movie where a young girl walks up to a very old woman and tells her she 's deluded ? she 's an old woman with very little time left to change . that was bratty , rude , and uncivil . Carroll believed in civility and would have trumped that situation fast . there was no point to it . it was wrong . Burton 's Alice needs to grow up and stop bossing everyone around.also it 's foolish to tell your children `` that some of the very best people are insane '' . insanity and mental illness are much more complex than that . children should be careful about mental illness , it 's a dark unhappy thing and some mentally ill people can be dangerous . not all , but some . so be careful!Tim Burton 's direction and Johhny Depp 's performance were very good , but Linda Woolverton 's screenplay was ridiculous tripe and not worthy of the original story by Carroll . I hated everything about the way she ended this . equating feminism with commerce and rudeness . shame on her , she is a total beast.you are better off with the beautiful Jonathan Miller version or the original Disney cartoon classic than with this idiotic , over commercialized junk.if you must have your children watch this than you get what you get . it 's maybe not the worst film in the world , but it 's shallow , thoughtless and vacuous . is that how you want your children to grow up ? if it is , then i would ` nt want to be YOU for anything in this world . i 've pretty much had it with everyone 's brainless tampering with all that is right , sound and clearly good.goodbye , good luck , and GOOD RIDDANCE ! the very idea indeed!james -LRB- the ` Alice ' fan -RRB-
 Finally ! The long awaited Alice in Wonderland has screened in thousands of theaters across the country . Now ... how was it ?! Ok , I 've done this a few times before and it seems to get the best response . I 'll go through what I liked and did n't like about the movie.What I liked : ` Underland ' : What did you expect from Tim Burton ? Seriously , was there a doubt that this man was going to make ` Underland ' anything less than magnificent ? The world looks and feels familiar , yet so very different . It has a very eerie , Gothic feel , that makes you just a little bit uneasy ... which I 'm sure Alice must feel as she enters this strange world . The colors , the animals , creatures , all amazing . I do n't want to focus too much on this point ... but watch the film in 2D . My wife and I watched in 3D and to be completely honest , it took away from the movie for me . So many details are blurry -LRB- a big negative to 3D -RRB- , that I would rather enjoy them in 2D . The cast/characters : Again , what did you expect ? So much talent , so many unbelievable characters it 's ridiculous . Let me start with Johnny Depp , he does an amazing job as the lovable , yet crazy Mad Hatter . He has to be charming enough for you to care , and goofy enough to make you think he 's nuts ... without being annoying . Great work.Helen Bonham Carter STEALS THE SHOW ! She 's sooo good , she 's so talented , so funny I could n't wait for her to reappear onscreen . Pay close attention to the amazing acting she does with her face alone , because her body is slightly twisted for the movie . Mia Wasikowska does great as a curious , scared , confident Alice.The characters were mostly CGI all of which are stunning . Great to look at , great voice acting and just overall a orgasm for the eyes . Anne Hathaway ... I still think you 're the most overrated actress in Hollywood , ` nuff said.What I did n't like : The story : This is perhaps the deal breaker for me as far as giving this movie a thumbs up approval . The story is simple , and I understand that 's good for families going to see the film , but come ooooon ! I do n't want to spoil anything , but I promise you this ... you will leave asking yourself `` who cares ? '' Seriously , why even make the movie with such a weak story ? As I was watching the film , I thought to myself , `` oh , this happened in the 1951 Disney cartoon . Oh those characters are in the cartoon . Oh that is a cool CGI version of the cartoon . '' There was n't enough of a difference from the cartoon classic to consider this a true sequel , as much as a reboot with CGI . So disappointing there was n't more meat to the story ... SO DISAPPOINTING!My own expectation : Look , this is an interpersonal issue , and I understand that . But you 're on our blog , so I 'm assuming you care what we feel . I felt like I was so let down . I feel like it was such a lost opportunity to make something so special . The talent was there , the characters were there , the technology was there , but ... . flat . So flat . A year now of solid anticipation and I walked out so let down.Maybe I 'm being harsh , maybe I `` missed the point '' , but I really did feel let down . It 's ok , Burton and company are going to be fine , because the movie is going to do well , VERY WELL . It was sold out 1:40 PM showing on Friday afternoon , a school day . So look for big numbers , check out the movie and lets compare scoring points.C + My thumb is down .
 I hated this film.Alice upgraded to angsty teen to be more commercially appealing , allowing her to have some kind of flirty relationship with the Hatter . Hatter turned into a pseudo heroic figure to accomodate Depp 's image . Ending with a battle between good and evil . Ho hum.Burton had a chance here to make the greatest ever version of the greatest ever children 's story . Instead it 's a rampant tribute to his own ego.He seems to be under the illusion that his imagination and inventiveness are equal to Carrolls . It ai n't . if the film had been called Tim Burton 's Alice , I might have worn it . As it is , it is a huge disappointment that it is not the original story.A golden opportunity thrown away by the arrogance of a grossly over rated director .
 Ok , so here it is the review that I thought I would never have to write , but you made me do it Mr. Burton . I have had some share of bad times with you at the theaters , with Ed Wood , Planet of the Apes , and the uproarious bomb ... Mars Attacks ! But never did I think that with Disney holding your goth inspired hand throughout the process that you would miss the mark completely . I only found 2 interesting things regarding your latest romp through another crazy place -LRB- i.e. Willy Wonka 's Factory -RRB- First off where the visuals . Amazing scenes filled the screen with true to life representations of Lewis Carrolls ' literary classic . You felt as if you where actually in Wonderland for seconds . -LRB- But only for seconds . -RRB- Secondly was Johnny Depps ' portrayal of the great mad hatter . He did hit the nail on the -LRB- crazy -RRB- head . Nothing did delight me more to see him let loose again as an actor . And I appreciated the attempt at bringing in some one a little new to the filming process , but honestly you could of used a much better Alice , in fact , Anne Hataway would of faired MUCH better as Alice than the White Queen ... role reversals ... I do wish I would of gotten to see this flop on the 3D screens , but unfortunately thats what you have to deal with when living in a small town in Oregon . I heard the film was far superior in eye-popping 3D , than in traditional 2D . Maybe next time Tim !!!
 There are very few reviews of this so I thought I 'd add my two cents worth . I received this movie in the Sony 3d starter kit with my Sony 3d television . Maybe I expect too much but I was n't very impressed with the 3d quality of this movie . 3d quality , in general , seems to vary quite a bit with content . I 've played some 3d video games that cause you to jump because you feel like you 're about to be hit with something -LRB- with no ghosting -RRB- , and then this . It 's my belief that since this movie was n't created in native 3d -LRB- like Avatar -RRB- , the 3d was an afterthought . Furthermore , there was signifigant ghosting at times and the 3d effect consistently broke down . To add to all of this , though I 'm a Tim Burton fan -LRB- Sleepy Hollow , Pee-Wee 's Big Adventure et cetera -RRB- , the movie itself really has a `` been there , done that '' feel to it .
 Twenty years ago , Tim Burton 's first four feature films cemented his reputation as a reliable creator of inspired , easily digestible filmic fantasies . His string of middling-to-awful pictures over the course of the past decade -LRB- the idiotic Planet of the Apes remake is surely the worst of the lot -RRB- have gradually eroded Burton 's credibility and popularity , and this umpteenth adaptation of Lewis Carroll 's nonsensical classic -LRB- do we really need yet another ? -RRB- hardly indicates that he 's willing to invest as much energy in plot and characterization as he once did.Linda Woolverton 's insipid screenplay purports to be an adaptation of Adventures in Wonderland and Through the Looking-Glass ; in actuality , it merely appropriates the characters and settings therein to advance a thoroughly humdrum , conventional adventure . You wo n't hear any of Carroll 's fantastic , absurd charm in the depressingly contemporary dialogue , and the vapid , unswervingly predictable plot is n't enlivened even the faintest whit by the surrealism and wayward narrative of the original stories . We 're instead treated to a safe , hackneyed three-act story , complete with an adult protagonist , that very typical conflict of good vs. evil , nauseating sentimental digressions and mushy loads of completely obvious , worthless verbiage.Only a single performance here rises to the challenge of these tremendous characters . As a grown-up Alice , Mia Wasikowska is lovely but as stiff as a board ; Johnny Depp 's clownish Hatter is merely manic and hardly mad -LRB- he 's not permitted to be anything more -RRB- ; as the huge-skulled Red Queen , Helena Bonham Carter makes the best of an amusing role , spouting capricious and indignant rage in a manner that would surely satisfy Carroll himself ; playing the White Queen and a typical henchman , Anne Hathaway and Crispin Glover merely seem to be going through the motions . Only Bonham Carter is entertaining to watch , because she 's the only member of the cast who 's given anything interesting to say or do . Like the majority of its lavish settings , most of the film 's other characters are CGI - ably voiced and rendered in beautiful detail , but hardly comparable to performances by people and puppets.Most of the running time is over-scored to the hilt with yet more serviceable , underwhelming music by Danny Elfman , whose output has long been as boring as that of his directorial collaborator . Although Dariusz Wolski 's cinematography is gorgeous and Colleen Atwood 's costumes are magnificently opulent , it 's all for naught ; this exquisite production is wasted on a flavorless , pedestrian story . Burton no longer takes any risks whatsoever , and shows us not a single thing we have n't seen before.For a far more imaginative adaptation of Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland , check out Jan vankmajer 's stop-motionAlice .
 ... I side with them.Read Amazon U.K Reviews.It 's their story . . Disney 's 1950 Animated tale is much better . . ! . . And Too Much Depp Is TOO MUCH . . ! . . Stay In France , Johnny Boy . . !
 While searching for their next big hitThe Disney honchos said , `` Alice '' is a propertyTo raise up from the dead.Tim Burton can revive itThrough his visionary head.The forces all were marshaled.A screenplay was commissionedFrom Woolverton , who 'd proved her worth.She had the Disney frisson ; With Belle and Simba in her past , Now Alice was her mission.A two hundred million budgetFor every C.G.I. step.Led by Burton 's whimsical genius , At FX he is adept.And for a box office guarantee ... A Mad Hatter they call Depp.A blonde young lass in the title role , An unknown known as Mia.Surround her with a cast of greatsAnd the folks will come to see her.But it 's really Depp that draws the crowdsFrom Spain to South Korea.To play the part of the mean Red QueenThe director cast his wife.Though they never really married , Together they 've built a life.With her outsized head and bitchy flairHelena 's mouth cuts like a knife.In London town they slaved awayWith mo-cap , opticals and green screenFrom Dodgson 's book , Burton madeA world that 's never been seen.The problem is his story 's likeAn undernourished cuisine.For , truth to tell , I have to sayAnd say it without malice , I did n't give a fig aboutThe plight of brave , dear Alice.Even fighting off the JabberwockOutside the Red Queen 's palace.But who am I , a lowly scribeTo argue with the millionsWho shelled out dollars , euros , yenTo gross over a billion?And do n't forget , the poor real , The currency Brazilian.Did they all love this `` Alice '' film , Or was it the one they had to go see?Paying out the extra bucksFor lame post-production 3D . But in Hollywood , a hit 's a hitWith sequels guaranteed.With shortened window , it now arrivesOn DVD and Blu-ray , Where it looks and sounds just wonderfulOn my big screen , but I must sayI really felt most unengagedDespite the hi-tech display.So , if you long for Burton , DeppAnd worlds that are fantasticMy words may seem like curdled milk , My attitude sarcastic.But this `` Alice '' iteration makes meUnenthusiastic .
 When I heard that Johnny Depp was going to play the Mad Hatter in Tim Burton 's rendition of Alice in Wonderland , I was really excited and could n't wait . After seeing the movie , I feel like it was a waste of time that no amount of cool computer effects could rectify.Yes , the movie has good effects but that 's about all it has going for it . Even Johnny Depp disappoints . His character is too tame -LRB- despite the ridiculous make-up -RRB- , too bland , and frankly , a major let-down . My biggest problems with the movie were :1 . Completely predictable plot . I mean , come on . They told us what was going to happen from the beginning . Is that any way to make for an interesting story ? There was no point in watching because you already knew what was going to happen . And the whole , grown-up Alice coming back to wonderland was stupid because we 're supposed to believe that she somehow forgot about it or something . Really ? Just stupid .2 . First-class actors really fudging their parts . First there is the Johnny Depp thing . As if that was n't bad enough , Ann Hathaway , who is normally a classy actress , plays possibly the most annoying characters ever - the White Queen . She prances around holding her hands in that stupid princess way and talks in a voice so annoying you really wish someone would just shut her up already . Helena Boham Carter is the one exception to the poor acting and comes through wonderfully as the Red Queen in typical Helena Boham Carter fashion . But I 'm not sure what the point was of half-animating her . The girl who plays Alice is bland and unmemorable .3 . The only spontenaity or uniqueness in the film is the special effects -LRB- which are well-done -RRB- . It feels like Tim Burton put no effect into this movie at all . You 're used to his films being wacky , crazy , and incredibly messed up . Then , given an already wacky story , for some reason , he decides to make is more tame . Yes , I realize Alice in Wonderland is sort of a kid 's story . But at the same time , it 's an intense , crazy , twisted kid 's story . This version seems to lose the whimsical nature of the story .
 Alas , this is the second film I 've seen in recent weeks that is rich in visuals and impoverished in emotion and intellect ; the other was Terry Gilliam 's `` The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus '' . The problem here is the characters -- not a single one , from the Cheshire Cat to Tweedledum and Tweedledee , has the slightest appeal , either in their design , personality , or dialog . Even the voices of the CGI characters are poorly chosen here , as opposed to , say , the Shrek films , where the voices of Eddie Murphy , Antonio Banderas , Cameron Diaz , and Mike Myers are so perfectly suited to Donkey , Puss , Fiona , and Shrek.As a result , the viewer really does n't care much what happens to Alice or her new-found companions in `` Underland '' . A plot of sorts is grafted onto her adventure -- slay the dragon-like Jabberwocky -- and much is made of the way she finds the courage to face her fearsome foe and her real-life tormentors , but it is far from clear what really motivates her to do so.If you want to show off your new HDTV , you will likely be gratified by the spectacle armies of CGI technicians have served up here . But if you like a movie with warmth , humor , and pathos , you will not want to peer into this particular looking glass .
 Still waiting for my product , I never have had this problem with any other company and will never choose lola teacher ever again !
 This movie is one of the worst i have seen . If it had n't been for that i Watched it in 3D , I would have left the cinema .
 NEVER EVER RECEIVED THE PRODUCT . THE ORDERING PROCESS WAS TERRIBLE AND CAN NOT REVIEW WHEN YOU DO N'T RECEIVE PRODUCT . VERY UPSET AND DOWNRIGHT MAD ! : -LRB-
 Saturday afternoon - Matinee showing of Alice in Wonderland . I had seen the 1951 Disney production of the same name , and I had some hopeful expectation that , now , in 2010 , we might enjoy that light and humorous story again , but with updated animation , sophistication , and more contemporary cultural sensibilities . After a week of long and demanding hours at work , I was enjoying a sunny Spring afternoon in town , and I had decided to amuse myself by going , as I used to do in quieter and more innocent days , many years ago , to a Saturday matin&eacute;e , with all of my accustomed associations of inspiring adventure.I left after a half hour into the film.I believe that my loss of interest was in part a result of the fifteen minutes or so of trailers before the movie started . Morris Wolfe , analyst of contemporary culture , in the 1970 's , referred to JPM 's -LRB- Jolts Per Minute -RRB- as an important factor in the marketability of entertainments . Now , after having been subject to the visual , auditory , and physical bombardment of those fifteen minutes of trailers , I was thinking that , in 2010 , the marketability factor had been accelerated to MJPS - Mega-Jolts Per Second . By the end of those trailers , I felt thoroughly beaten down into my seat , never to recover , until eventually I found my way again out into quiet daylight . As the smash-bash-roar-boom of the trailers subsided , and the more peaceful introduction to the feature film - Alice - began , I found myself fatigued and numb.Then the movie
 I LIKED THE CARTOON ONE BETTER.HAD MORE ACTION & FUN THINGS GOING ON THAN THIS FILM DID .
 It 's no wonder the studios decided to convert this `` movie '' into 3D - with no plot , weak acting , and pitiful directing , if it had been released in 2D , audiences might have noticed how crappy this thing is instead of being distracted by colorful 3D images . BUYER BEWARE !!!
 This movie is dumb and so ridiculous . The worse part of it is the atrocious dance of Johnny Depp at the end . Do n't waste your money and time ...
 It 's no wonder the studios decided to convert this `` movie '' into 3D - with no plot , weak acting , and pitiful directing , if it had been released in 2D , audiences might have noticed how crappy this thing is instead of being distracted by colorful 3D images . BUYER BEWARE !!!
 I wish this film would have been more pyscadelic and trippy and less violent and boring . I think they should have left out the battle sequence with the jaborwocky . It reminded me too much of Lord of the Rings . The only character I found interesting was Helena Bonham 's character as the red queen . Anne Hathaway totally overacted as the white queen and Johnny Depp was annoying as usual . How could you mess up Alice in Wonderland ? It 's not rocket science people .
 I usually like Tim Burton 's films , not really because of the stunning dialogue - but because they are visually surreal and have an unusual beauty.This movie was not a Lewis Carol adaptation ... why ? because his ` Alice ' is a sweet , little , and very innocent girl of 7-13 years old ... When did an ADULT Joan of Ark get cast as part of this Children 's Tale ? ... HUH ?! Horrifying to be named `` Alice in Wonderland '' ... it should be named `` Mythical Place of Insecure Older Woman 's Fantastical Redemption '' ... Yikes ...
 There 's a lot of criticism focusing around Tim Burton at the moment and it 's spiked at the release of this film . The major criticisms directed at Burton focus on his lack of any original ideas and the re-casting of the same actors in every film he makes . Johnny Depp is a great actor ; I do n't think anybody would deny this , but to cast him in almost every movie made by Burton is just insane and has become repetitive to the point it runs the possibility of damaging his career and casting a negative shadow over the serious roles he has played in the past and may play in the future . Anyway , back to the film ... 19 year old Alice Kingsleigh is a girl in a difficult situation . Haunted by weird dreams and still mourning the loss of her father , Alice is faced with the decision of deciding whether to marry a man she can not foresee a life with , despite her family 's wishes to marry the man in question . Events lead her to find herself falling down a hole , landing her in a place called Underland which is filled with a number of strange people and creatures and turns her perception of her own life upside down . Greeted by Doremouse , Tweedledum and Tweedledee , and the white rabbit , she is told that she is the right Alice and that it is her destiny to fight the Red Queen 's Jabberwocky on Frabjous day to restore the White Queen to power.That is the general gist of the movie plot , but naturally , the story includes the legendary Mad Hatter -LRB- Depp -RRB- and other wondrous creatures which are lead by a truly brilliant cast . The main cast , both voicing and live action consist of Hatter -LRB- Depp -RRB- , Red Queen -LRB- Helena Bonham-Carter -RRB- , Absolem -LRB- Alan Rickman -RRB- , Tweedledum & Dee -LRB- Matt Lucas -RRB- , White Queen -LRB- Anne Hathaway -RRB- , Nivens McTwisp -LRB- Michael Sheen -RRB- to name but a few . I would say that the cast are the real saviours of this film as without them , this would have been a bland attempt at re-inventing the Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland story.I like Burton 's work , I really do . Beetlejuice is up there as one of my all time favourites and Edward Scissorhands is n't far behind . But these were new and fresh ideas created solely from the mind of a genius ; but his most recent works have simply been gothic reinventions of classic novels or movies we have all heard of at some point . This is where Burton fails in my head as , although I find his style of film making interesting and visually , the films become quite intriguing , it 's all the same just with a different plot . It has come to a point where you can safely say to people that when you 've seen one Burton movie , you 've seen them all . When considering his works over the past decade , that could n't be more true.That aside , I liked this film . It was a simple and easy way to kill a few hours and I have to admit that it was kind of interesting to see Burton 's twist on this classic tale , so it 's sort of understandable to see exactly why he still manages to release financially successful movies . I would recommend this if you already have the curiosity to see this , or if you have some time to kill ; otherwise , if I were you , I just would n't bother .
 This was a waste of money and time . I even saw it in 3D . Sooo much more could have been done with this film . Burton has little imagination and ruined the storyline on top of it . The best part was the cat . And the Mad Hatter 's make up .
 Johnny Depp and Tim Burton teaming on a childhood favorite ... sounds promising . Not so much . I thought it was a snore fest in bright colors . After about an hour I actually stopped the movie and sent it back to netflix thanful that I had n't paid to see this in a theatre . The only good thing about this movie is the song `` Her name is Alice '' by Shinedown . Otherwise I would n't recommend it to anyone else to see or waste their time with .
 I wont waste my time writing too much about this movie . . Johnny Depp should be embarrassed by this performance ... I admit I 'm not a big fan of TIm Burton but this has to be his worst to date ...
 I found this to be awfully boring even with Johnnie Depp . I liked the Walt Disney cartoon version to be much more enjoyable . The version I watched had no sub-titles . The movie as a whole was was dark and hard to make out most of the time . I do n't see how a young child would watch this w/out falling asleep .
 a movie with excess imaginationjust cant swallow it , fake story , and lack of action , horror , fun or any of these must bein a movie
 First off , they should have called it , `` The Mad-Hatter and some tart named Alice '' . I mean really , just look at all the advertising . It 's like , who the hell cares about Alice ? Not knocking Johnny Dep , he 's a great actor , but I did n't really like him in this role . It felt too much like a re-hashed Jack Sparrow . Maybe it 's because he has the one seen that destroys the entire movie -LRB- not that it had much to destroy -RRB- . I mean really , that scene should have been deleted and then deleted again from the deleted scenes ... maybe the blooper reel too . I do n't want to ruin it for anyone who has n't seen it , but you 'll know it when you see the total goofball move that makes no sense in the the context of the movie . It 's a total WTF moment . Other issues with the movie
 `` Alice '' fails in so many ways , not the least of which is Burton 's uncreative reliance on computer-generated EVERYTHING . Beyond that , the character development is shoddy as hell and the whole thing just feels like a poor attempt at using names and star-status to get people to see it.Sure , Jonny Depp is great as always and Helena Bonham-Carter is funny , but as a story , it left me feeling very unfulfilled.You might as well go see another frikkin ' `` Shrek '' movie , ` cuz this is just as soulless , but particularly disappointing because this man made `` Beetlejuice . `` Where did Tim Burton 's ability to truly haunt us with his visionary skills go?Check out `` The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus '' instead . It may not rape your eyeballs like `` Avatar , '' but it 's definitely more grounded in a tangible fantasy world , one that speaks to something deeper than candy .
 This film was a complete disappointment . Tim Burton is losing his place as imaginative and unique . Alice should be a sweet , young girl who falls under the spell of a dream . She is not the maniac as portrayed in this film . Tweedle Dee and Tweedle Dum are now Dweedle Dumb and Tweedle Dumber . The catepillar smokes too much and the rabbit has no idea where he is going . The Mad Hatter is completely lost along with the Red Queen . Please take this film and throw it as far as it will go into the blackness that is called Burton-Town .
 Having read `` Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland and Through the Looking Glass and What Alice Found There '' several times over the course of my life -LRB- and loving these stories -RRB- , I was disappointed in Disney 's newest cinematic version . Lewis Carroll 's adventures of a little girl who falls down a rabbit hole to discover a strange world is `` mad '' enough ... Tim Burton and Johnny Depp over did it . I suppose that 's what Disney wanted or else they could have picked someone else to direct/produce and star in the film , but in my opinion they both were not the best choices . The only live human who really `` worked '' was Helena Bonham-Carter as the Red Queen . She was fantastic . Ann Hathaway as the White Queen was strange , Mia Wasikowska did not seem like the lively Alice of the book or of the earlier animated version of Disney 's Alice in Wonderland and again , Johnny Depp as the Mad Hatter was overkill . The whole production was overkill and too far off the farm ... and it ruined the story , which is a shame because the original story is an awesome one.p.s . A rating of PG was a little low considering the intensity of the film . I think PG-13 would have been a better choice ... very small children may be frightened .
 The movie kept getting blurry off and on during the movie -- we thought it was our connection but I suspect it had to do with Amazon . We 've rented from them before with good results , but this really wasted our time and money and detracted from being able to focus on the movie.Also , we could barely make out most of what jibirish Jonny Depp was saying -- we kept saying `` What 'd he say !?!? ''
 . . what I mean to ask is are we talking about the story by Lewis Carroll , or is this just another one of Tim Burton 's efforts to darken and otherwise degrade established plotlines?Willie wonka went from a charming child 's tale to a dark , dreary muddle once Burton got his hooks into it , and the same might be said for his version of Alice in wonderland . . Lewis Carroll 's original is a clever fable meant for intelligent victorian children , in that it clearly referenced prevailing victorian personalities of the 19th century ... Obviously the average intelligence comparison between the sort of 10 and 12 year olds who could both understand and appreciate the sort of thing Carroll did and the lack of intelligence that applauds the sort of thing Burton has done is startling , if not also disheartening . . Certainly the visual quality is arresting but a film should not rest on visual quality alone . . While it can be understood why Burton would want to `` update '' the plotline abit -LRB- for , afterall , how many 21st century children , or adults for that matter , even know who Queen Victoria , the model for Carrolls Queen , was , much less care ? -RRB- , but re-writing the plotline is quite another thing ... And re-write the plotline is what Burton has done so that in the end this muddle can only be said to be BASED ON Lewis Carroll 's classic . . How many of us complain when , after reading a favourite book we go to the theatre expecting to see a faithful adaptation of it and instead find much or even all of what was in the book altered?Worse , how often is some reality story , some `` ripped from the headlines `` tale made into a movie that has nothing or next to nothing to do with what actually happened in real life?Walt Disney 's original cartoon classic was able to keep the basic elements of the original `` Alice in wonderland `` plotline while eliminating a lot of the 19th century political and social overtones , and that version worked very well . . Burton , always the meddler , always determined to `` improve `` a classic storyline in order to align it with his own dark and dreadful visions has emasculated the original here , given it a feminist undertone , elevated the one charecter that would best suit his star Johnny Depp , and then threw away pretty much all that has made `` alice in wonderland `` a childhood staple for generations in favor of his new , inferior plotline . . Some have said that Tim Burton was `` born to film Alice in wonderland `` I 've seen this slop and my question is if he was `` born to film Alice in wonderland `` when , if ever will he do so ?
 I rarely write reviews but I think that Hollywood has been so grossly absurd in this situation that I can not stay quiet . A whole generation of kids are going to grow up thinking that this film is the story of Alice In Wonderland when it absolutely positively is not . This is a newly created SEQUEL . where Alice has grown up and finds out that she misheard all of these years ago , and it 's actually `` Underland . '' Okay fine , that makes for somewhere to go with a story . But had they named this `` Alice In Underland '' it would be clear that this is not the original , classic story that kids should be familiar with . This is a movie that can accompany that movie/book as a supplemental piece of entertainment . But no , for some reason , Hollywood decided it would sell more tickets , and Blu-Rays , and DVDs if they misled everyone with the title `` Alice In Wonderland . '' It is deceptive and unethical . Just as naming a movie about Kung Fu `` The Karate Kid . '' To purchase or support this movie in anyway is to encourage this sort of behavior . So I highly recommend letting this one go by . You 're not missing much , you and your kids wo n't be any worse for it . Otherwise , we could soon be watching a version of the Velveteen Rabbit named `` The Velveteen Rabbit '' but it 's about a rabid badger made of polyester with bloodlust who drives a hot air balloon .
 Who were they trying to appeal to with this cheesy , um , rendition -LRB- ? -RRB- of `` Alice in Wonderland '' ? My best guess is eight year old tom-boys . Far and away Tim Burton 's worst movie . Why does this need to be an action film ? It 's not like it 's even thrilling or magical either . Mia Wasikowska is horrible as Alice ; she has but ONE facial expression through the entire film
 Burton trashes all that Louis Carrol built and makes his own contrived action/adventure version . Alice was never about the action , the cliched dialogue , or the stereotypical plot . Burton simply plugged a hollywood formula into the characters and environment and what we end up with is the same old crap . Because it 's colorful and flashy , however , it 's still going to attract all the kids and their parents , but any thinking , discriminating individual will see right through the charade . Boy has Timothy Burton fallen far from his own tree . If only he had picked up this project right after making Edward Scissor Hands , we would be talking about a masterpiece of a movie ; instead we get an uninspired , white bread excuse from him when we all know that whole wheat is better . This book was written for Tim Burton , and somehow he managed to screw it up royally . All the madness , illogical , backward , upside down attraction of the book is made completely logical ; WONDERLAND IS N'T SUPPOSED TO MAKE SENSE ! and yet in this case it does , and ultimately that 's what kills it .
 Watching Alice , you 'd never think you were watching a Tim Burton film . Burton is a creative director with an eye for whimsy and colorful as well as strange and macabre-but you feel none of that when watching Alice in Woderland . Yes it is vivid and full of color and wonky shaped objects fill every screen-but it never really resonates with you . There is no mystery or ` wow ' factor . It 's sort of pretty to look at , but that 's all it is.The actual story is a tad confusing as well as you 're not really sure if you are watching a sequel to anything or a retelling . It just feels sort of hasty and rushed in certain parts . There is no flow or direction and then your at the end of the film and it all just feels ... strange . And speaking of strange , I just found the ending -LRB- after she leaves Wonderland -RRB- really weird and pointless , unless I missed something entirely while watching the very beginning.In regards to characters and acting , Helena Bonham Carter is the star of this production , by far . She 's crazy , delusional and utterly perfect in this role . Even hearing `` off with their head ! '' did n't get stale after so long . Johhny Depp as the Mad Hatter was a dissapointment . He 's supposed to be loony , but there are times when you think he knows exactly what he 's doing . His accent is distracting and overall , I just was n't feeling the performance . Anne Hathaway has a short but cute part as the White Queen , the evil Queen of Heart 's sister . It 's slightly over the top but works for her . As for the Alice herself , played by Mia Wasikowska , well to be honest , I barely remember her . She was very passive and bland throughout the entire film and did n't really emote , well , anything . I ca n't review this film properly without including Mr. Alan Rickman ... He plays Caterpillar , of course , and though his role is very small , it is also quite enjoyable . It 's amazing what that man does with his voice . He flawlessy goes from berating to indifferent to sarcastic all in the span of a sentence . Just brilliant.All in all I was dissapointed . What should have been a slam dunk for Burton turned out to be a bore-fest . All the ingredients are there-but he just did n't cook up a good one this time around ...
 No matter how I tried , I could NOT like this movie . It was too weird ! Sorry but I prefer ORIGINAL movies ! Why ca n't Hollywood have a creative idea of their own instead of ruining other movies by remaking them ? Total waste of time !
 It 's been a long time since I watched the original Alice in Wonderland and I was never all too partial to it so I went into this not biased against a remake . I did n't see this in the theaters and did n't see this in 3D -LRB- just did the Instant Video just now -RRB- and I found it rather boring.I did n't particularly care what was happening to Alice . It was visually stunning but it was n't enough to keep my interest . In fact , I kept wondering about the real world and how Alice was going to answer Hamish and deal with her cheating brother-in-law more than I cared about her killing the Jabberwocky . I mean , it 's obvious she would become the real Alice at the end , and take up the mantle of the Champion so of course she was going to kill the damned monster . There was no urgency to the story since it was so predictable . And that made it quite boring in my mind.But maybe the 3D effects would have made up for the lackluster plot , like it did with Avatar . But since I did n't see it with them , I came out of this movie supremely underwhelmed . And I wish I had spent my money -LRB- not to mention my time ! -RRB- on something else .
 Tim Burton really needs a high-profile failure or two to bring him back to earth and get him to engage strong again ; sadly , this movie did n't do that . It 's an interesting-looking mess , but it 's completely a mess , even by the standards of an Alice movie .
 This flick has a lot of problems . It is really just clips from other films re-shot . It would have been better maybe , or a little more entertaining at least , had they just used clips from the other movies . For example , if you splice together Lord of The Rings and The Chronicles of Narnia you have seen this film , but unfortunately this film is still not interesting . The film has some good points and lines , but because of its problems these seem like cheese on a lousy meal.And the special effects may be groundbreaking -LRB- I do n't know if they are , and I 'm not about to look into it because I already feel this film has wasted too much of my time -RRB- but they do n't really look convincing . Tweedledee and Tweedledum for example look like what they are - a man 's face stretched and morphed onto a CG body . This kept taking me out of the story . Not that it took much to take me out of it since it was boring and did n't make sense . Why does Alice come to Wonderland the first time ? Where is Wonderland ? Who are the Red and White Queens ? What happened between them and why is the Red Queen able to hold power ? Why is Alice the only one that can restore the White Queen?Instead of answering these questions and making an interesting movie we get the following
 I 'm a big Alice in Wonderland fan , I 've read Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland/Through the Looking Glass and of course as any genuine fan , grew up on and absolutely cherish the original Walt Disney Classic -LRB- one of Disney 's favorite stories as well -RRB- . On that note , this movie is total garbage . I first hear Tim Burton -LRB- who I for a long time idolized -RRB- is doing an Alice in Wonderland interpretation and I initially hear a few years prior to the films release that it may be a dark stop action/live action film , ala The Nightmare Before Christmas with a live action Alice , which could have been pretty awesome . Much time passes and pictures of the characters start surfacing , I 'm already worried at this point but I decide to trust Tim as I did with Charlie and the Chocolate Factory , which probably could have been much worse . This movie fails miserably on every level , acting , set design , costumes , dialogue , story , music , Avril Lavigne doing a song in a Tim Burton movie , what 's up with that ?! All the people that will like this movie are new age yuppies . The 3D gimmick only works well on a few films , this was not one of them . The film was originally not shot in 3D but because of the success of Avatar it was redone to get a better box office exit with it 's shorter gap from the cinema to DVD . Beware of the ridiculous `` Pirates of the Caribbean '' Scottish accent and embarrassing dance coming from Johnny Depp 's disgracefully portrayed Mad Hatter .
 Alice in Wonderland is the tale of a little girl lost in a land of nonsense . A land of NONSENSE!This movie has hardly any nonsense at all . It feels more like a Harry Potter movie than Alice in Wonderland . I wanted Alice . Alice get 's trapped in a surreal dream-like Wonderland where everything is nonsense and there is tons of wordplay , puns , ect.And the nerve to name the movie Alice in Wonderland . It 's not that story . They should 've named it Return to Wonderland
 I was waiting for the actual story ; as it is in the book . Where WAS Tim Burton in this ? This Movie COULD have been as profound as the book . What patients I did have for it left me with ... Disney . wow . I found it difficult to remain interested . Nice camera work ; effects . I would have preferred a story line that was good , and original .
 This movie was a huge disappointment , and I have to agree with many criticisms raised by other people who gave it one star . Now , I have no quarrels with film directors who want to modify their literary source to fit the demands of the cinematographic media and make the best use of the media . I think it 's the only way to create a strong original movie as opposed to a series of video illustrations to the book . However , I have a problem with the fact that the movie has none of the originality , depth , absurdity and paradoxical nature of the books . Instead , it has a pre-digested Hollywood formula complete with a happy ending , a standard set of visual and verbal cliches and is flat and predictable at every step . Anyone could have written the screenplay after watching 3-4 Disney movies and substituting the characters for those from the `` Alice '' books . The visuals appears to be borrowed from a bunch of Disney 's haunted house movies and sometimes - from `` The Lord of The Rings '' but without the breathtaking originality and the panoramic scale of the latter . The music is even worse and seems to be coming from the same third-rate ghost movies . I have heard that the last song is good , but can not comment on it ; I could not believe my luck when the movie has ended and turned it off as soon as the titles began.Against this pathetic backdrop , some things in the movie that could have been otherwise disturbing -LRB- such as a mockery of physical deformities in people -RRB- did not really matter . This movie is not going to have any kind of lasting impact on minds and souls .
 Was n't impressed at all with the 3d . At times the convergence is way off . Things in the foreground will have ghosting -LRB- this can be seen when paused so it 's no the speed of the TV -RRB- while things in the center of the screen will be perfectly aligned . While at times there is good depth in the image it seemed like the 3D was hit or miss and depending on the scene you either had an excellent image or a crappy one.Everything else I 've seen in 3d at home has been excellent -LRB- AVATAR , Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs , Resident Evil -RRB- .
 I have always enjoyed Johnny Depp movies , and think they are fun . Alice in Wonderland is a poorly written film , and although Johnny was his usual wonderful self , this film was a waste of my time and bucks .
 I was really looking forward to seeing the traditional Alice in Wonderland story . To laugh and smile and enjoy the fairy tale as an adult that I enjoyed as a child . I was very disappointed in this dark and weird version . If I had read the editorial more closely I would not have bought it .
 Lewis Carrol 's original `` Alice in Wonderland '' , despite being more on the bizarre side and not having a real plot , was an entertaining and charming book , as I remember it from high school . When I heard Tim Burton was adapting it , I thought it was perfect for him , given his love of doing bizarre movies like `` Big Fish '' , `` Charlie and the Chocolate Factory '' , and `` Beetlejuice '' . However , this movie failed my expectations.Burton takes a classic tale and gives it a modern storyline and mixes it up with other of Lewis ' works -LRB- such as the White Queen and the Jabberwocky -RRB- . Basically , Alice has grown up and is reluctant to marry the man people want her to . While she wanders off to think , she falls down a rabbit hole and makes her way into `` Underland '' , where she visited years before when she was a child . Then , like your typical , predictable story , Alice discovers she is the prophesied one who will kill the Jabberwocky and restore the White Queen to the throne of Underland . Besides an unoriginal plot , the movie failed in other ways . The characters were bizarre and nothing truly memorable , and most of the ones from the original story had very little screen time and little part to play in the story . In short , it came across as a poorly done film .
 When i first heard that tim burton was directing allice and wonderland i thought . i thought wow after seeing what he did in Batman Returns that Alice in Wonderland was going to spill over with surreal visuals , beautiful scenes and weird characters , all spawned from burton 's wildly creative imagination . But instead it was boring , a movie that seemed drab even for Burton , every scene seemed like it was covered in dirt . and I could not picture any child sitting through this without losing intrest in the first 15 minutes Big Disappointment from one of my favorite directors . definatly a waste of talent and money . My guess is burton did ` nt get the budget he wanted from Disney and fudged this one . it should be swept under the rug and forgotten . dont even waste your money buying it on Blu Rayunlike Avatar there nothing to see here .
 What a disappointment . I mean ... Tim Burton + Alice In Wonderland should = genius , right ? But no . After he screwed up CHOCOLATE FACTORY I should n't have been surprised , but wow . This was bad . Awful script with zero character development , it made absolutely no sense -LRB- which would be fine if they stuck with the original nonsensical premise , but they TRIED to have it make sense ! -RRB- , and Johnny Depp -LRB- who I usually love -RRB- was just way too far out this time around . Short of a great performance by Helena Bonham-Carter , this was nothing but an impressive visual 120 minutes . That 's not enough for me . Some people can sit and just watch CGI for hours and think it 's brilliant . Personally , I 'd like a well-told story and fully-formed characters . This had neither . And considering how fertile the material is , I consider that inexcusable . Again , a major disappointment .
 I can not recall a more tedious movie experience in recent memory . How you could make such a horrid piece of cinema out of so much potential , is almost unbelievable . The 3D was awefull and added nothing to the spectacle . After the amazing impact of 3D in AVATAR , this is inexplicable . JOHNNY DEPP ... without a doubt one of this generations great actors ... is unable to rescue his insipid part and his dance at the end is definetly the career low point for DEPP.BURTON is hit and miss at best and this is the greatest stinker that he has yet produced . It is amazing that the film was released in this form as anyone watching the final cut would have to shudder at the crap they 've created . There are so many opportunities for some smart dialogue or some comic scenes with the characters that make up the story , but not ONE opportunity is taken and the dialogue is too stupid for even the youngest viewer . I went with 3 other movie buffs and we all had great trouble staying awake till the end -LRB- which can not come quick enough -RRB- . HORRID HORRID HORRID ...
 This film is a difficult one to review . Those who have never read `` Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland '' and `` Through the Looking Glass and What Alice Found There '' might be able to enjoy the film from an unbiased perspective , but those of us who have read Lewis Carroll 's classics a number of times find it harder to appreciate . First off the film tries to combine both books , which is the norm when adapting the books to film . It of course was done in the 1951 Disney classic Alice in Wonderland . The title `` Alice in Wonderland '' is often one used when combining both original Carroll books . I do n't see any harm in that . In fact , the 1951 animated movie did it exceptionally well because it continued to stay true to other aspects of the stories . The 2010 version fails to do this.The story completely changes in the 2010 movie . We can forget about the fact that Burton made the story dark and scary instead of light and whimsical , as it was intended originally . We all expected that ... he 's Tim Burton . But characters are combined and new ones are created that make no sense . For example
 So , we bought this DVD and when we purchased the movie , it stated that it was a new DVD not a used DVD . When the product arrived , it looked brand new . It was in shrink wrap and all of the normal Disney inserts were with the DVD . We open the DVD and go to the Disney website to enter in our reward points . To our dismay , after entering in the code , it stated that we had already entered in the code . We proceeded to try it a few more times . Then we called Disney to see if there was a problem with the code . The representative explained to me that Amazon rewraps their movies and that it was not new at all . We had no idea and I was totally upset . Hear , we bought what was represented on Amazon as a new movie and we did not get a new movie . The product was totally misrepresented.Now to be fair , we did call Amazon after talking with Disney and the representative was very nice and did explain that the DVD came from a third party . They offered a refund for the product . In our opinion , Amazon should not allow this company to sell a used product as a new one . This was extremely misleading . The worst part is that we wonder how many other movies we have purchased on Amazon thinking they were new and they were merely `` rewrapped '' .
 This is one of the worst movies I 've ever seen . There are some good elements , but it 's as Burton played up all the junk and nearly hid the good stuff . Depp is just blandly unlikable . Why would anyone want to make Anne Hathaway look so ugly ? Things start out promising , but once the rabbit hole if breached it 's tripe central . Things improve slightly as more actual humans enter the story ... wait , did I say story ? Sorry , none here . A Lord of the Rings style dragon fight ? Really . This film makes Dumb and Dumberer look like Kurosawa .
 I had high expectations . The movie was good , but not nearly as good as I was expecting . The animations were a mixed bag . Some of the characters turned out really well and others not so much.Only two stars because of the Blu-ray transfer . Disappointment for sure.Upset that the aspect is 1.78:1 and the original was 1.85.1 . This blows for those of us with CIH setups . Our blu-ray from netflix had DTS-HD Master Audio at 5.1 , not 6.1 . I purchase really good blu-rays , but not this one . Just lacks in video and sound features .
 Comme Ci , Comme Ca.Anne Hathaway casually out-quirkied Johnny Depp , who was mostly retreading and reusing old mannerisms , and Crispin Glover , who was handicapped by his costume . Mia Wasikowska held her own as Alice against the heavyweight stars . Visually ; the movie looked good but did n't break any new ground . I was actually most impressed by the slowly growing mushrooms and vines framing the end credits . Lovely .
 Something has gone afoul in Wonderland . This is not Lewis Carroll 's Wonderland , it 's Tim Burton 's , and it is as wondrous and curious as ever . Rather than simply recreating the world that we 've seen adapted so many times from Carroll 's source material , Burton and screenwriter Linda Woolverton have developed an entirely new spin on the world and the characters that inhabit it . There are some very interesting Burton-esque alterations that update the elements of Alice 's journey quite nicely . Many touches do n't work , and some are catastrophic to the film 's integrity.Woolverton 's script essentially picks up where Carroll 's story and other variations of it left off . Alice -LRB- Mia Wasikowska -RRB- is nineteen , and about to be forced into marriage to a pompous , snotty Lord , when she decides to run off to escape from this unbearable fate . Once again , she discovers and falls way down the rabbit hole , and so begin her adventures through `` Wonderland . '' She encounters all new versions of Tweedledee and Tweedledum -LRB- Matt Lucas -RRB- , the Chesire Cat -LRB- Stephen Fry -RRB- , the blue hookah-smoking caterpillar -LRB- Alan Rickman -RRB- , the white rabbit -LRB- Michael Sheen -RRB- , the Mad Hatter -LRB- Johnny Depp -RRB- , and of course , the Red Queen -LRB- Helena Bonham Carter -RRB- . What is interesting is that Woolverton has more-or-less written a sequel , and it 's one that follows a far more linear , traditional path of storytelling than Carroll 's book . Alice does n't experience a series of independent encounters that are meaningless to one another , but rather travels on a fluid course . She also has a purpose this time around . Her `` destiny ''
 Director Tim Burton does n't really bother to adapt `` Alice In Wonderland '' -LRB- he and screenwriter Linda Woolverton throw Lewis Carroll 's original `` Alice '' books completely away -RRB- as much as he creates `` Alice In Tim Burtonland . '' As such , the film does not disappoint . . At worst , Lewis Carroll 's enigmatic Wonderland is transformed into a standard `` fantasy cinema '' -LRB- extremely CGI -RRB- landscape where a standard battle between Good and Evil must be fought and won . At best , Tim Burton gives you a typical `` Tim Burton film '' with his trademark touches ; such as his creative muse Johnny Depp as a deathly pale , demented , Bozo the Clown-looking Mad Hatter ; and his wife Helena Bonham Carter perfectly cast as the tyrannical Red Queen . Anne Hathaway is spacey , saintly and `` blissed out '' as the White Queen . As an almost adult Alice , Mia Wasikowski looks bored and baffled throughout .
 A totally joyless experience . I shut it off after an hour . The one saving grace is Helena Bonham carter . The rest of the film is truly a misguided mess , with an interesting cgi look but a horrible script . It 's one of director Tim Burton 's worst films -LRB- an honor I gave previously to ` Planet of the Apes '' . Yes , its THAT bad .
 Wonderland weirdness is utterly normal for Tim Burton and collaborator Johnny Depp who of course about everybody felt were perfect to do a new film version.My immediate reaction after just seeing this is been-there-done-that , but I vaguely recall it being a way cooler trip . Why is that?The highlight for me was Johnny Depp yet again perfectly transformed and fully immersed in another character , except for the ultra-goofy `` dance '' which was maybe the worst , most cringe inducing thing in the whole movie . But what an actor ! He even came up with the look of his Mad Hatter . Perfect.The biggest failure of this film - I 'd agree with Roger Ebert - is the big , dumb , loud and boring unnecessary third act battle.But I found this movie in general just really * odd * . It 's a story about an upper class English girl from stuffy aristocratic society , this time in her late teens , hanging out with a bunch of weirdos , as director Tim Burton put it . Well Burton said `` brat '' hanging with a bunch of weirdos is basically the depth to which the story has been brought to the screen before , but here Alice seems like a pretty cool , independently minded chick ahead of her time . In fact the Burton version is basically a `` you-go-girl '' fable about following your bliss -LRB- literally following your dreams in this case -RRB- and having the courage to be yourself ... It felt familiar but was n't what I expected at the same time and the story did n't truly hold my interest and exactly why I ca n't put my finger on . Combination of things . Burton 's attempt to add a tad more depth to these dream creatures and this being Alice 's second trip down the rabbit hole ? The pacing of events and subplots ? I do n't recall the Disney cartoon so much or the original Lewis Carrol story at all but there were details in this version that were weird . Members of The Red Queen 's court and the intrigues , the Knave of Hearts , just the look of some of these characters and the castle were creepy , but not in a good way to me . This movie will give many kids some weird dreams by the way.The special effects were OK but for a person not too big on cgi I was again underwhelmed . Props on The Cheshire Cat tho ... I dug that . To be sure there were some moments . I went in with an open mind towards the cgi and the 3-D and I got ta say I think 3-D is overall just lame . It strikes me as mostly a gimmick and the visuals will look more vibrant and colorful in good ole 2-dimension in your home on Blue Ray . -LRB- Although I want to add as a side note the preview for a 3-D documentary of the mission to repair to Hubble Telescope was incredible !! -RRB- Sorry do n't want to harsh anybody 's high .2.8 stars
 You have to hand to Disney ; they really are treating this Blu-ray release like a million bucks . I actually got excited for this release again , that is until I remembered I did n't really like the movie . I thought it was an ugly , blurry mess because of the 3D but after watching the Blu-ray last night , no , it 's just an ugly drab mess - period . I do n't understand how Tim Burton got the cinematography so wrong on this . I said in my original review that Tim Burton was born to make this movie - 10 films ago , now it just feels like I 've seen it all a million times before with more passion from the director.Picture / PresentationI really expected to love the Blu-ray experience , I mean I officially hate most 3D films so I thought watching this in the crispness of HD would enhance the experience and it does n't . It 's one of the worst looking films I 've ever seen on ye old Blu-ray . The transfer is fine , but I do n't think there 's any amount of sharpness you can add that makes up for the dreariness of the production quality . Audio sounds great , but a boring soundtrack does n't help matters . Subtitles are available in Spanish and French . This comes in Disney 's standard 3 Disc packaging -LRB- Blu-ray , DVD , and Digital Copy -RRB- with a slip case . I like the cover art , but there 's nothing that stands out . Menu navigation is easy , clean and straightforward to use.ExtrasDisney does add one unique unadvertised extra and that 's something called a Descriptive Audio Track . It 's very cool ; it 's some woman that 's describing everything that 's happening on the screen . It 's as though you are listening to an audio book . I hope all future Disney productions include this ; it adds a whole new dimension to the viewing experience.Other than this new feature , the rest of the extras are an extensive set of featurettes that show you how the production was put together and cast interviews . Warner has Maximum Movie Mode and Universal has U-Control , Fox we just wo n't mention them - we 're lucky if they give us one 4 minute featurette , Disney really needs to come up with their version of Picture N. Picture . They generally do everything else right , but skimp on this one feature.CommentsI wish I could rave about this disc , I always love and appreciate a great PR Campaign , and Disney Home Video rarely disappoints but this package sucks , not because of anything on this set , but because the movie is barely watchable -LRB- I turned it off 20 minutes into it -RRB- and no amount of shine is going to fix this simple fact . Wonderland should be this amazing , vibrant looking place - even if it 's under control of evil , there should be a sense of awe to the visuals instead everything just lays there looking dead and fake . There 's no life to anything on screen - even the actors . You should skip this movie altogether , it 's not worthy of a rental that alone a purchase .
 I had low expectations for this movie from the beginning . I didnt like this movie -- and I didnt even see the original . So , this red queen uses animals to do her dirty work -- and she hits hedgehogs with flamingos , as if it were golf . The mouse puts needles inside of the bad creature eye and pulls it out ! And Alice cuts off the big champion creature head ... not for kids . I would NOT let my kids watch this , and I will NOT own it , or even ever watch it again ! BAD MOVIE !! Tim Burton SHOULD NOT write DISNEY movies !!
 I 'm sorry but I just did not like this movie . I am an avid fan of Johnny Depp I love him but I just thought it was an ignorant movie
 When in God 's name is Johnny Depp going to star in a GOOD movie ? He 's being wasted on these Tim Burton films . I did n't enjoy this movie at all .
 movie was absolutely used ! came w / scratches on it ... will not be purchasing movies anymore on Amazon , that 's for sure ...
 `` How yet this dark and lonely nightAbout us tempts and teases ; How , too , this ever-waning lightSo thoroughly displeases ... `` So proclaims the Queen of Hearts in her final soliloquy to the doomed Knave of Hearts in J.T. Holden 's masterful retelling of the Lewis Carroll classic , appropriately entitledAlice in Verse
 I 'm sure the movie is great , but I am not able to view it from this purchase because the seller did NOT include the DVD !! and that was what I had hoped to view !!!
 everyone knows that the Jabberwocki should have rightly made a meal of Alice and given control of Underland back to the Red Queen , she 's a real looker you know.I would have loved to be cast as the King to her Queen since she would n't have had to off me like she did to the King of Hearts .
 The DVD didnt work . I 've seen this before and its hilarious but whoever manufactured the DVD put out a terrible product . I threw it away having never watched it .
 I did n't like this that much - parts are ok but in general it 's too slow and something about it I do n't like - so fast forwarded after 10 minutes and got done with it quickly .
 Just not what I expected . Not recent of Bill Cosby and did n't hold my interest . Vendor delivered quickly , so receiving the product was not a problem .
 I had never seen a Bill Cosby stand-up show before and was thrilled to get my hands on this one . the fatal error I might have made was to see Chris Rock before I saw Cosby , Because after CR , everyone else sounds so average . Anyways , I stopped viewing this after 30min as I had not laughed a single time . The jokes about the weekend and alcoholics , as well as the much vaunted dentist skit , were all terribly weak . I bet if Pryor , Murphy or Rock had used the same material , they would have brought the house down.I am very disappointed and i confess I made a bad investment here .
 well ive always enjoyed bill cosby 's sitcom , but let me point out the things i was offended by in this film . basically , his attack on children , making them the bad guys . listen , we did not ask to be born , u just wanted a good time . the part when he was talking about when one of his kids drank out of his soda glass , and told the poor thirsty kid not to have it . either share the glass , or get the kid his/her own . and the cookie part when the child reached for a cookie cause the child was basically hungry , and he told the kid not to have it . the kid just wants a stupid cookie , how wrong is that ? and the `` i dont know '' , its because theyre so frightened of u that they dont wan na make u mad cause theyre afraid u might kill them . teach the children something , show them the way , they dont know whhat to do . teach them , show them instead of playing tennis .
 The strength of the film is its technical aspect . For the time , the special effects are quite good . Acting is also strong . I was disappointed in the plot . The script just does n't accomplish the job . Essentially the theme is `` art '' -LRB- in this case music -RRB- is superior to business . All business people are evil and only artists know how to celebrate life . Violence , robbery , and deception of any kind is justified to teach the evil businessman a lesson . That 's the subplot that just does n't hold up.Jimmy Stewart 's character , working with Paulette Goddard 's character , `` save the day '' by staging a lottery , which they have previously discussed was not legal . Here again , there 's no logic . They do the very thing the script writers prohibited them from doing . It 's a non sequituer .
 I suspect many an aspiring writer has spent too much time in a bar looking for artistic inspiration . I get this inpression from all of the `` dramas '' that take place in taverns . Some , like `` The Iceman Cometh '' , are topnotch . Others , like `` The Time of Your Life '' , come across mediocre at best . In the case of the latter , I found myself wondering what the point was . We are expected to believe that interesting , intelligent people congregate for innocent fun and frolic . Maybe it does seem like a pleasant place to many but I found myself wondering why there were more employees than customers , why there was a full-time cook when I only saw one person eat while there , why the script was so lame . This was obviously a theatrical play brought to the screen . It may have worked better on stage the way the script moves the spotlight from one charater to another . However , on film I felt this gave the movie a lack of perspective . Most of the vignettes were pretty bland . The humor failed to make me smile , the drama failed to touch me and the suspense bored me . It seemed that there was always the potential to amuse , entertain , or intrigue but the script just was n't up to the task.I made it a point to watch `` The Time of Your Life '' because I noted that James Cagny was the star . I like his acting style and ability -LRB- when given at least a reasonable vehicle to preform in -RRB- . It actually was a sort of family affair with his brother William as the producer and his sister Jeanne as the leading lady . Cagny was decent enough but his role , as well , lacked substance . The movie was from a play by William Saroyan . Saroyan no doubt observed many interesting things from his experiences in taverns . Unfortunately , it appears that he must have been inebriated at the time ; no sober writer would have thought that any of this was worth writing about .
 The other review subject lines hit it on the head
 This is truly appalling . Name change alert , always a bad sign . I shudder to recall seeing this and only then because it featured scenes shot at Anfield , home of my beloved Liverpool Football Club . Even that recourse was denied me when it featured badly integrated shots of look-alikes prancing around in red shirts . I would have asked for my money back at Blockbuster if I had n't had been so embarrassed to admit out loud to seeing it.The ` plot ' features Samuel L Jackson wandering around Liverpool with Robert Carlyle in tow , trying to offload a supposed super drug while being chased by Meatloaf -LRB- ! -RRB- . Oh and slap in a bit of rave music and clubby footage that 'll look good on the trailer . The review says it plays like `` Tarantino on the Thames '' . You are having a laugh . For a start this is set a good 200 + miles away geographically , and light years from even the worst of the big chinned one 's work . I am cringing at the adverts in the press for this as it does British film and film-makers a tremendous disservice . Assume the other reviewers must be in the pay of the Production office trying to sucker the uninformed into parting with their cash ; trust me this is embarrassingly bad . The Mr Creosote ending just adds to the question how and why this got off the back of the beermat it was scribbled on . Not one for the filmography for all involved and not one for your collection .
 Join two cool , hip stars like Samuel L. Jackson and Robert Carlyle , add a bland and oh-so-edgy direction , a couple of jokes and visual effects . Then , put a stylish , intrusive soundtrack , lots of f-words , and naturally some sex and drugs . Oh , and a guy who uses a kilt , just to make it a bit more witty . That should make for the absence of an interesting plot , who cares anyway ? This is a `` Snatch '' wannabe -LRB- and even that movie was n`t terrific by any means -RRB- that does n`t quite work . Disposable .
 I do n't understand the good reviews . This movie was terrible . Half way through I did n't know what was going on . The characters were weak and the plot was weaker .
 TALKING ABOUT A MISSCAST . SAMUEL JACKSON CAN PORTRAY A HITMAN , A PIMP OR A THIEF , BUT A PHARMACOLOGICAL GENIUS , YEAH , RIGHT !
 I only wish that I could give this lousy piece of crap 0 stars . The plot is disjointed at best . Meatloaf as a villain is a joke . The actors are boring and lack charisma . The story takes far too long to unfold , so for the first 30 minutes you do n't know what you 're watching . The ending is just plain dumb . Samuel Jackson should be ashamed of himself .
 I 'm absolutely stunned by the good reviews this movie has received . It may be the dumbest movie I have ever seen .1 -RRB- You can rarely understand the English accents , they all talk like Brad Pitt in Snatch .2 -RRB- You never know what the hell is going on - EVER .3 -RRB- The characters are all flat and under developed .4 -RRB- The director thinks slow motion is the personofication of cool and uses it every ten minutes - usually when showing the female assassin .5 -RRB- There are three parts which really blew my mind . The first was when the guy from a Knight 's tale has a bra and panties on for no reason , the second is when Samuel Jackson strips nude at the end , and the third was when the three punks are begging Samuel Jackson for toilet paper after they sh ** themselves . I was like huh !?!?! 6 -RRB- I must admit though I had some hard laughs where I was almost sick just because the scenes were so ridiculous.I ca n't believe the studio saw this movie and said `` great work everyone , another blockbuster '' . ...
 This film sleeps with the fishes . I could n't even finish it .
 Let me put it this way ; the trailers for the movie were more exciting than the movie itself . Sam Jackson ripped off the entire world with this piece of crap . I can not believe that he 's that desperate for money , but it has become clear to me that he 'll take ANY role , any time and place . He 's the highest grossing star in Hollywood , but that 's not because of the quality of his movies - it 's because he accepts any script that comes his way and nickeled and dimed his way to the top of the heap . His limited range -LRB- mostly screams -RRB- is evidenced by his roles in `` Long Kiss Goodnight , '' `` Eve 's Bayou , '' `` The Negotiator , '' `` New Jack City , '' `` Pulp Fiction '' and the bit part in Goodfellas . '' and many more . He 's the same guy with a different hair piece.I am not going to even attempt to explain how much of a story you can get about a chemist who people want to steal a formula from . The last time this was done was in `` Darkman , '' but even that movie had SOME redeeming qualities . Not so for `` Formula 51 . '' Any time you see a black man wearing a kilt and carrying a golf club , you know you 're venturing into some strange territory.With the exception of `` Evildead , '' `` D.C. Cab '' and the `` Ernest Goes to ... '' movies , this is the worst I 've EVER seen . Do n't rent it and surely do n't buy it -- that is unless you 've run out of kindling for the fireplace .
 i shoulda listened to my friend . i hated this movie . it 's the worst movie ever .
 Comparing this movie to those of Tarantino and Monte Python give Formula 51 too much credit . `` Tarantino on the Thames '' this is not . Beyond Samuel Jackson , the only saving grace of this movie is the sexy assassin played by Emily Mortimer . An almost unrecognizable Meatloaf -LRB- yes . . the rock singer -RRB- also has a small part but adds little to this formula.The plot relies on a very odd and offbeat offering of comedic and at times graphic violence . The plot is old and worn out but the movie however , invokes a few laughs . In many parts you will ask yourself , `` what the hell was that all about ? '' . If you like Samuel Jackson you may like it . Be warned however
 If you like movies to be loud , obnoxious , and filmed in a manic style that 's reminicient of an MTV video , then FORMULA 51 is for you . It seems to me when a movie has numerous interludes of a character standing still , staring at the camera whilst the latest punk/heavy metal/rap song is booming that time needs to be filled due to lack of story . This flick was simply okay , I have to admit I turned it off at the one hour mark because it was kind of dumb . Trying to be different and stylish does n't make a movie cool , the coolest movies are different and stylish because they are n't trying to be . If you like gritty TARENTINOesque films watch PULP FICTION again instead and be rewarded with a better SAM JACKSON performance and a movie thats light years ahead in coolness over this loud mess .
 `` Formula 51 '' was fitful to watch . I blame the dreadful directing by Ronny Yu . The opening sequence -LRB- after the pitiful pandering to 60s/70s drug culture in the prologue -RRB- has Samuel L. Jackson creating some kind of chemical we do n't know about , with Meatloaf mad at him for something we do n't know about , and Samuel L. Jackson trying to blow up Meatloaf because ... well , we just do n't know why ... because Yu does n't tell us.The subpar directing continues to the end of the film when the reality of Samuel L. Jackson 's ecstasy-style designer drug -LRB- the namesake for the title `` Formula 51 '' -RRB- is revealed . The ending really cheapened the previous 90 minutes -LRB- if that was possible -RRB- . The redeeming quality of this film is Robert Carlyle -LRB- also seen in `` The Full Monty '' -RRB- . Robert Carlyle is fantastic . He is the only reason this movie is watchable . He is frenetic and unpredictable . It is classic Carlyle as he jumps between `` lightning in a bottle '' zaniness mixed with brief glimpses of sincere vulnerability.What stands out memorably is a scene where Carlyle supports his Liverpool soccer/football team by entering a pub dominated by Manchester United fans , lighting a flare , and preceding to insult them and taunt them . The thirty of them chase him around the pub . It is pure physical comedy and a true fantasy for anyone who loves to hate the Manchester United club.Samuel L. Jackson is the lead as Elmo McElroy . True to his Scottish last name , he wears a kilt and brandishes golf clubs in fights . He is fairly cool , but not as dominatingly cool as he is in Pulp Fiction.Yes , there are some laugh-out-loud moments , but they are outnumbered by groan-out-loud moments . Do not expect `` Snatch '' or `` Pulp Fiction '' with this one . Ronny Yu is not in the same league as Guy Ritchie or Quentin Tarantino .
 Bearing a wealth of guns , drugs , quirky characters and fiery chase scenes , this desperately wants to be a cool , slick , suave black comedy in the same vein as Pulp Fiction or Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels . With none of the panache , authenticity , or cornerstone performances that made its forefathers into modern classics , though , it comes off as a weak , uncertain impersonation instead . The plot plays it loose and loopy , with characters losing sight of their own motivations between set changes , and becomes especially doublecross-happy as the credits near . Samuel L. Jackson plays the only part of note , as nothing more than his standard blue-lipped hardass , while Emily Mortimer is thoroughly unconvincing as a cold-blooded killer and Meat Loaf occupies the bizarre role of a drug-dealing Macguffin who constantly speaks in the third-person . Forgettable , shallow and bland .
 I had great hopes for this movie , especially after reading Carolyn Baker 's review . However , I must admit to being disappointed due to the amateurish nature of the project -- in my opinion . The director meant well and his message gets across but the undramatic scenery , action , and acting do n't make for compelling viewing . Sorry .
 It 's true that our government 's encroachment on our civil liberties under the guise of `` homeland security '' is a serious problem and an afront to our constitution . However , I 'm not certain how this poorly written , poorly acted cliche-fest does anything to inspire anyone to right our government 's wrongs . It was a nice thought , but it 's execution falls short of the importance of the topic .
 If you can overlook the stilted dialog , shallow and stereotypical character `` development '' , choppy editing , plot gaps -LRB- where there is plot -RRB- , and poor quality , you might be able to discern the point that the film maker says he 's trying to make in this cliche-fest . The very important issue that is addressed in the film often gets lost in a quagmire of directorial missteps . Perhaps that 's why the film maker attempts to make the same points over and over again in a manner that is so transparent as to be somewhat insulting to the audience . The soundtrack is the highlight of the film and it is actually quite good . It 's nice to see my hometown in this film and a relief that no one I know is in it .
 I admit I gave up on this movie after about 50 minutes . But up to that point the whole `` comedy '' revolved around Dean Martin bullying and shouting at Jerry Lewis , for no obvious reason . I am a life-long Jerry Lewis fan , I adore many of his movies , but not this one . It is pointless tripe . I never thought I 'd give up on a Jerry Lewis movie , without watching it all the way through . But after 50 minutes , I felt like shouting back at Dean Martin for his odious carry on in this film . Whoever wrote the script does n't know the first thing about humour . What a tedious movie !!!!
 I disliked this DVD because close to the end of the movie it was all defected or scratched up and I did not get to see the end of the movie . I mean it was Jerry Lewis , so I know there were some good laughs at the end . So disappointed .
 Was hoping that this would be an upgrade to the many versions I have bought over the years . Sadly it is not . It is taken from the same horrible print . Decent movie , but baaaaad quality . Let the buyer beware ! This is the item I bought . http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00005YVX9/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title
 What Dean & Jerry fan does not know of this movie?My intention is to save those of us collectors time and money.The Good Times Video version appears to have been recorded from a vhs - that was itself recorded from another vhs without Time Base Correction - about 10 times.It 's presented as Academy Standard 1.37:1 -LRB- original film aspect -RRB- Yep - that bad . Perhaps it was better than nothing , but now that something has hit the market , do yourself a favor , skip this version .
 This -LRB- shudder -RRB- Madacy released disc is of the 1950 Martin and Lewis vehicle `` At War With the Army . '' It was their first film together as stars , and was a forgettable , mildly enjoyable little comedy . It was adapted -LRB- and I use that term loosely -RRB- from a stage play , which is kind of obvious considering most of the action takes place in two rooms . It does contain an almost memorable Soda machine gag , along with a truly curious scene of Jerry Lewis dressed as a lady . The most memorable part is probably the shameful song `` The Navy Gets the Gravy -LRB- But the Army Gets the Beans -RRB- '' , sung by Jerry at his most high pitched.The DVD picture is pretty typical of Madacy . It 's scratchy , with poor contrast , and visible compression artifacts . It is , however , easier to make out than a previous video I had bought from Front Row Entertainment . The discs features include a trivia game , a picture of the original poster , newsreels -LRB- not from `` At War With the Army '' -RRB- , and bloopers -LRB- from an Abbott and Costello movie , not from `` At War With the Army . '' -RRB-
 The slow-paced `` At War with the Army '' -LRB- 1950 -RRB- was Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis ' first starring feature - a bargain-basement military farce that separates the team for much of its footage . Some nice moments -LRB- the `` Going My Way '' parody remains priceless -RRB- , but not enough to justify the endless 93-minute length . One of the comedy duo 's weakest efforts .
 I was very disappointed with this ... I realize it is a 1950 film , however , the sound and picture were off much if not all of the film . Additionally , it was n't listed as a DVD-R , but is . Wish it had been a better quality production with sound and picture in sync as I really wanted it for my collection .
 I am a most ardent fan of Iz , I own every CD and the other DVDs - he is my favorite musician , EVER . I did not like this DVD . I did not get any sense of the beauty and true Aloha spirit that I have found in his music - it seemed kind of amaturish , and like they had to include every thing any one said just to stretch it out . I wish someone would make a really good biography for him - there was something about him that went way beyond the music and into the heart for a lot of us , and you just could not see that in this attempt . I wo n't even watch it a second time .
 This DVD is pretty bad . The sound is not good and the visual really lacks in all aspects . I think watching the video was the same as the dvd . The only plus is that you get the trailer , but that does not help enough . Kubrick is dead , take his work and make it look as it once did and as great as it could be .
 Love this film , always have , had a perfectly good copy you can get on amazon for 2.00 . I ` traded ' my old one in for this new ` pumped up ' version from Criterion for 10X the price of the one I sold . What do you get with the Criterion version ? A sort of entertaining interview with Kirk Douglas from 1979 on British TV where he says how much he liked this film . An interview with Stanley Kubricks Wife who was the german girl singing in the beer hall in front of French troops in the final scene of the movie . A sort of interesting interview with James Harris the producer talking about having to fire Tim Carey -LRB- one of the actors selected for execution -RRB- , for being difficult to work with . And the most interesting extra , a brief news report on French TV talking about the original event in WWI that inspired the book & film . These extras are n't ` bad ' they just do n't justify a $ 20 + cost for this new and impoved version of the film in my view .
 As Kubrick 's most trusted right hand assistant said , Leon Vitali , Kubrick was a photographer who preferred the box ratio and put maximum effort to compose for that . There is no debate about this , Kubrick preferred full frame aspect ratio and made back-ups for theatrical projection . Just look at the trench scene.THE TRENCH SCENE - blu-rayThe impact of the scene is gutted . The top of his helmet awkwardly hits the top of the frame . The cinematography is far less effective or impactful . Arguably it is claustrophobic , but he was n't making Saving Private Ryan here , you 're supposed to see the sky and see the futility of the situation with all the bombs going off . It is supposed to be a slow symmetrical full composition to contrast the insanity of war.THE TRENCH SCENE - academy ratioNow the cinematography actually looks like Kubrick made it . The 1.66 version would have you believe they staged all those explosions for no reason whatsoever . An explosion of dust flies into the sky and slowly dances onto the emotionless , terrified soldiers . it 's existential , and a magical moment . The moment is n't as meaningful in the 1.66 version . . The entire trench scene moves very slowly and symmetrically as the camera maneuvers through this area , to contrast the chaos that is going on . If you remove the symmetry of the academy composition , the shot/sequence makes zero sense.It astounds me the ignorance people have . They have the inability to use their eyes . all the evidence shows that academy ratio is the preferable one , including evidence from his closest friend , for these early films especially . but people just want ` dem big tee vees filled ' .
 The idea of a virgin facing off with zombies if both exciting and titalating , but nothing made sense in this movie . The zombie scenes had nothing to do with the story -- even though the story was non-existent and never there to begin with . No one gets eaten in this one folks . This movie repeats scenes a lot , which tells you the type of creativity piled to make this project . A heap of pony loaf smells better than this DVD waste . DO NOT BUY OR RENT THIS ! No zombie action , no point , no story , and no gore . Franco ... !
 this movie is called Zombie 4
 I first came across this movie on vhs rougly 6 or 7 years ago . I was browsing the horror section of a local Suncoast when I first discovered it . The cover had several grotesque looking zombies on it and the description of the film sounded pretty good so I took it home and watched it thinking I was in for a real surprise ! I sure was ! Too bad the surprise was that not only was this film so bad but it did n't even have anything to do with zombies . I have watched this movie a dozen times and still have no clue what it 's about . There 's no story , no plot , no zombies and it ends so abruptly that if you 're not sitting down when it ends you 'll fall over . It 's like having the carpet pulled out from under you . Funny thing is I thought this would be the one film that would never see the light of day on dvd . Shows how much I know about marketing . I gave this film one star but only because that 's the lowest I could go . Otherwise this movie would be in the red .
 A Virgin Among the Living Dead -LRB- Jess Franco , 1973 -RRB- Typical Franco dreck -LRB- co-directed , IMDB tells me , by fellow schlockmeister Jean Rollin -RRB- about a hot chick -LRB- The Dead Are Alive 's Christina von Blanc in her final big-screen appearance -RRB- who goes to Montserrat to attend the reading of her father 's will and finds out that her family is ... not quite what she remembers . I 'm sure , given the title , it 's not a spoiler to tell you they 're all undead , and she has to figure out how to get away before they ensnare her in ... well , okay , that WOULD be a spoiler . Not that the plot is all that important to Franco ' vision , as it usually is n't ; he 's way too busy plotting ways to get the actresses he 's filming naked as much of the time as possible . While this is usually a laudable goal , and when you 're dealing with von Blanc , Britt Nichols , and Anne Libert -LRB- both of whom return from Franco 's '72 hit Dracula 's Daughter -RRB- , there 's nothing wrong with that at all . But when turning it into a movie you 're planning on releasing , you should probably either couch that nudity in a plot that actually works or simply turn the thing into a softcore flick and be done with it.Giesen and Hahn 's infamous -LRB- and highly entertaining -RRB- book The Worst Films of All Time lists this . I do n't agree . Hell , I 'm not even convinced it 's the worst film Jess Franco -LRB- who is still active , and just directed his 192nd film , Paula-Paula , with the indefatigable Lina Romay -RRB- ever put out -LRB- I have n't seen a tenth of the guy 's output , but as far as I 'm concerned that would be Oasis of the Zombies -RRB- . It 's certainly not the worst thing I saw this weekend . If you 're familiar with Franco 's work , you know what you 're getting with this . If not , just be warned that Franco is obsessed with naked chicks to the detriment of plot , character development , etc. , and you 'll be ready for it . *
 Was the German version , and would NOT play in either of my video players.DO NOT BUY ! Check out other options . Good thing Amazon is out of stock . Theywere probably all sent back to Germany .
 I ordered this DVD for my AP English class . We had just finished reading the play and I thought seeing it would be helpful . The DVD wo n't play on my DVD player in class so I tried using the laptop . It still would n't play because it had some sort of anti-copying block on it . Since I was n't trying to copy it , I could n't figure out why the block prevented it from playing . My class still has not seen this and I hesitate to order other DVDs to go along with other things we are reading because I am concerned that they wo n't play in class either .
 DVD would not play . Gave disc error . I needed this DVD for a school project ! But it would not play . Such a waste of time and effort .
 I bought this to show to my English classes and could not because it is in PAL format rather than NTSC . I contacted the seller to return the item , but got no response . At this point I am stuck with a movie I can not show without either buying a different player or downloading software to play it via my computer.I 'm sure the movie is fine -- it did come new , but it will remain that way since I do n't have too many options at this point .
 I 'm completely shocked at the high rating this movie seems to be getting . Not only did I not hink this was funny , I think it 's one of the most UNfunny movies I 've ever seen . I expected much more from this cast of actors , but almost all the jokes fall flat . There 's a few amusing scenes , but getting to the end of this movie was pure torture . Since a lot of other people seem to like it , I 'm not going to tell you to forget it -LRB- maybe it will turn out to be your cup of tea -RRB- , but please rent it before buying it . If I 'd purchased this dog based on these reviews , I 'd be very disappointed . Not only was n't it fun watching this the first time , but the prospect of repeated viewings makes me both sleepy and ill .
 Let me start by saying that I realize there are those who find this lame film funny -LRB- heck even a few movie critics did for cripes sakes ! -RRB- . However , I found it to be the WORST viewing experience of the last year . My buddy & I were about as close to leaving the theater as possible . The only time I was that close before was during the horrible Cheech & Chong fiasco `` The Corsican Brothers '' . I can not for the life of me figure out what people enjoyed about this cliched unfunny mess . You can see the `` jokes '' coming a mile away . So they begin the set-up & for the next painfully long 15 minutes you sit there groaning while waiting for inevitable lame punch line . Then they start the process over again setting up the next `` joke '' while you keep looking at your watch wondering how much longer it 'll be before you are out of your misery . Boring 15 minute set-up , poor gag you saw coming 15 minutes earlier , repeated over & over ad nauseum . This is a bad , bad , unfunny film . About the only slightly amusing scene is where the cow is flying around & you saw it already a million times in the trailer . So renter/buyer beware ... it 's bad . I 'd give this mess ZERO stars if possible . I 'd sit through Scary Movie 2 about ten times again before I 'd waste my time with Rat Race again . God help us all when they make the inevitable sequel . Good riddens .
 I went in looking for a nice light comedy . From the previews it looked like it was a remake of Its a Mad , Mad , Mad , Mad World . I was not expecting a great movie , just an entertaining one . Instead I get one of the worst films I have seen in almost a decade . This is the first movie I have walked out on since Ishtar and is a lot worse because at least Ishtar did not go into the base humor that this movie goes for . And this is saying a lot because I fealt Ishtar was one of the worse movies I have ever seen ! .
 Last night I watched `` Rat Race '' - one of the worst movies I 've ever seen in my life.In the video store I picked up this movie on DVD , noted the stellar cast and good reviews on the cover and thought that it could be worth watching . I could not have been more wrong . Sometimes when you watch a movie you 're disappointed because your expectations are too high , or because you 're just not in the right mood to appreciate that sort of film . Those excuses do n't apply here though , because I was in the mood for a lighthearted comedy , and my only expectation was that it should be funny.This movie should never have been released . It 's the most unfunny -LSB- movie -RSB- I 've ever seen , and an incredible waste of a talented cast ; John Cleese , Rowan Atkinson and Whoopi Goldberg just to mention three actors that probably wake up every night in a cold sweat wishing they 'd never agreed to be in this ... The plot , such as it is , is this
 Wow . I do n't think they 're enough adjectives in the English language to describe how wretchedly awful this picture is . Why was this movie made ? I wasted an hour and a half of my life on this tripe .
 This movie is bad , bad , bad , bad . Jerry Zucker has lost it . Do n't waste your money buying this -- rent it , then decide .
 If i directed this unfunny comedy which did ` nt even solicit a grin from me , i would have distanced myself from the production and listed my name as Alan Smithee.Evey comedic cliche known is utilized.The situations and setup are contrived , and the acting is some of the worst of 2001 . Everyone 's timing is completely off and they all seem like they did ` nt want to be there in the first place -LRB- i think some agents are going to be getting pink slips -RRB- . All the talent in this production is squandered.Atkinson was truly embarrasing , Knight was a non entity , Green who is overrated to begin with is cynical , smug , and annoying , Cleese adds nothing but nostalgia for MPython , Bates was unnecesary , C Gooding did what he could but it was ` nt nearly enough , and Lovitz gets himself into fantastical situations that even in the context of this film are unbelievable.Nothing works in what can be considered an inferior wannabe Cannonball Run with only a fraction of the talent that was involved in that film.Do yourself a favor , and rent or buy CR instead , you 'll see how it 's done , because you 'll be cursing the heavens if you purchase this abomination.The positive reviews have to be coming from people involved in some way with the production , because i ca n't see how anyone enjoyed this even remotely , unless you 're very young , but even then it will insult your intelligence.Check out Lat sau wui cheung -LRB- Help -RRB- to see how comedy should be done .
 Thank God for John Cleese . While he may not have the best choice in roles , he always manages to salvage whatever travesty he 's in -LRB- no , i am not implying anything even remotely negative about ` Monty Python ' -RRB- with a brilliantly understated performance . Such is the case with ` Rat Race ' , which thanks to one of the worst endings i 've ever seen in film , is currently neck and neck with ` American Outlaws ' for the worst film i 've seen this year . The premise reads like a bad reality tv sketch
 I am generally not a fan of the `` road film comedies '' like it 's a mad , mad , mad , mad world '' and `` cannonball run '' . So , you fans of those films will probably appreciate this one.It 's supposed to be a comedy , but I was n't laughing . I must have lost my sense of humor somewhere in 2001 with the rest of the bad comedies that came out.This film has no redeeming qualities whatsoever . I do n't recommend it .
 I rented the dvd of this movie , It 's supposed to be a comedy , unfortunately , I could n't even laugh one time at anyone of the jokes.After just 10 minutes I decided to 4x/8x speed through the movie to get it over with.This was the worst spending of my time in a very long time .
 Great cast but the movie fell short on originality and execution . Suspend your disbelief and it is still not enjoyable .
 I wont lie to you . . I liked the movie at first , some parts were mildly funny and it was okay UNTIL . . the ENDING ahh yes people say the ending could have been better could is not the word - the ENDING made me want to wretch it was so lame i cant even begin to AARRGHH . . i dont need anger management I need someone to tell me who came up with the bright idea of doing that with the money and then SMASH MOUTH ? and that god awful ridiculous song `` Allstar '' thats been in every other goddforsaken movie . . Well i Wish I could just tell you all the ending because it was horrible and See its a mad mad mad world its funny and the ending isnt lame and theres no cheese sellout band playing -LSB- bad -RSB- music ... watch this movie if youre like me at the moment Sick and Bored ! Oh and by the way if youre the wholesome type who likes to see a comedy turn into touched by an angel family heartwarming junk you might like it
 Well , where should I begin ? . I gave this movie two stars , but it would be more like two and a half . It 's far from being a good movie , but it is definitley a pleasant time killer . It reminds me of past screwball comedies like `` It 's A Mad , Mad , Mad World '' , and `` Cannonball Run '' . The movie was directed by comic genius Jerry Zucker , he of the `` Airplane '' and `` Naked Gun '' fame along with his brother . The movie has an all star cast
 With John Cleese , you 'd think it would be hilarious , but it 's a waste of time . Get Life Of Brian or The Meaning Of Life for TRUE comedy .
 Cynical and sad , the first adjective matches with comedies , but not the second one , this Zucker movie is not a movie in itself , but a couple of free associations whose IQ required to see it is less than a chimpanzee watching The planet of the ape . Some boring patrons and a excentric tycoon who run a casino choose by random a group of individuals who engage in a race to get 2 millions dollars . The individual zeal and greedy are overcome when they finally got the money and found a best and humanistic choice
 We rented `` Rat Race '' and watched it today . At the start of the movie where establishing information is taking place we found it entertaining . Further into the movie the plot seemed to plummet . One scene after the other failed to appear funny to us . More like distressing . Yet , we like `` Kingpin '' and `` Wrongfully Accused '' , `` Spy Hard '' so we were expecting to like `` Rat Race '' -- too much of the humor and plot derived from material such as WWII and animals and transplants just was n't funny to us . The ending was entertaining to an extent . We thought we could n't go wrong with the great cast of `` Rat Race '' and unfortunately we were disappointed to discover it just was n't grade A comedy . Sorry , but the rental expenditure was more than enough for this particular movie .
 Foul , loathsome , tasteless , and stupid -- these adjectives are too kind ; they do n't do this movie justice . Of course if you like `` cute '' bowel movement jokes , unbelievably stupid people , `` hilarious '' dialogue about giving birth -LSB- ... -RSB- , tongue-piercing morons , and animal abuse , then you should rush out and buy this movie . The actors who degraded themselves to be in this -LSB- ... -RSB- ought to be ashamed ! And the ending -- meant to make it into a feel-good movie , I guess -- was so utterly manipulative and condescending that I was embarrassed to watch it !
 I did not find this movie funny . Not only is this a so-so remake of `` It 's a Mad , Mad , Mad , Mad World '' or , if you like , a reimagining ; some jokes are crude and the actors can not save the film and they seem conscious of this .
 I do n't understand this whole widescreen idea . on a 19 inch tv you lose 1/2 your viewing space . the movie was funny enough but you buy a larger tv so that you can have a larger viewing screen only to lose it now with this widescreen ... Not a happy camper . !
 Went to see this movie with high hopes-what a disappointment ! It was , without a doubt , one of the all time worst movies I have ever seen ! Time magazine mentioned this movie in the same article as `` Its a Mad , Mad , Mad , Mad World '' . Talk about two opposite ends of the quality spectrum ! I would n't even recommend watching this movie when it eventually comes to free TV !
 Do n't waste yor time ... Pure garbage . Unfortunately , I have to give it one star . I would have perfered to give it a big fat zero . Im glad I never bought this and only managed to sit through about 20 minutes of it one day when it was on T.V. Yuck !
 Vegas - a city where millions go hoping to get rich . And for nine lucky people , that just might come true . While playing the slots , each of these people won a special gold coin inviting them to lunch . At the lunch , they learn they have been selected to participate in a race for $ 2 million dollars . All they have to do is be the first to get to a locker in the train depot in Silver City , New Mexico.Naturally , everyone is skeptical at first . But what if it is true ? No one can walk away from that possibility , and they all begin to race for the money . But set backs in the form of airport closures , car wrecks , and cows stand in their way . Who will get there first?The more important question to ask is , does the audience care ? In my case , the answer is no . I kept watching , waiting for the movie to get better , but it never did . There were a few truly laugh out loud moments , but most of the movie fell flat.The biggest problem it had is the lack of character development . With a running time of just under two hours , there is n't time to get to know all the characters . Since I did n't care , I did n't find their predicaments funny.Then there is the climax . Instead of building on everything that had come before , it took a turn out of nowhere that was n't even that funny . It was more of an anti-climax that really made me feel like I had wasted my time.The few funny moments in this movie are n't worth watching the rest of the movie to see . Instead of wasting your time here , watch the classic that inspired it , IT 'S A MAD , MAD , MAD , MAD WORLD .
 Basically the only reason why I saw this movie was for Seth Green and Mr. Bean . The rest of the cast was just not funny and terrible . I did not laugh once through the whole film . Mr.Bean was actually the only one who was funny . And it has the worst ending ever !
 Rat Race , directed by David Zucker -LRB- Airplane , The Naked Gun
 I do not know where to start with my review . It is star packed and the star power definately keeps your interest throughout the movie . Unlike the many star packed movies out there , this one does have a few very hilarious scences . It reminds me in parts of Cannonball Run . However that is where the strengths and similarities end . With the exception of the ending I laughed . The movie begins to quickly unravel at the end . A movie that is humorous , interesting , and well written explodes like the Death Star at the end into an extremely lousy movie . The ending in this movie is horrible and makes the movie at best a mediocre rental . I would not recommend to anyone this movie as a purchase . At best , it is an alright rental .
 One of the most disappointing movies I 've ever wasted a couple hours of my life on . I love Cleese and Atkinson ; however , I wish I could have that time which I wasted on this movie back .
 Terrible movie . It should have been funnier with the star studded cast but it fell flat . I would n't waste my time on this movie .
 Often confusing and stupid , Rat Race is no laugh riot . While some of the jokes did cause me to chuckle , and even a couple made me laugh out loud , most of the jokes were unfunny . Worse then unfunny , they were so stupid they were annoying.Now , humor is a very subjective thing . What makes one person laugh makes another cringe or groan . I 'm sure there are people who would laugh throughout this film . But I 'm not one of them . This is what makes reviewing comedy difficult , though . More then any other genre , you get a lot of disagreement in comedy.That said , I doubt there are many who would say this is one of the funniest films they 've ever seen . If they say that , they probably have n't seen many films . Mediocre at best , Rat Race supplies only a few genuine laughs.The story is , at times , confusing because the cast of characters is so large . As this bumbling group races to get a load of money across the country , the film cuts from one contestant to another so that by the time you return to a character , you forgot what was going on last time you saw them.Perhaps worst of all , the ending was lamer then I could have imagined . I wo n't spoil it , but do n't expect much . It annoyed me more then anything leading up to it.This ones best as a rental . More people will probably be disappointed then pleased , so do n't make this a blind purchase .
 ... I wish that I could have kept the center and thrown the rest out . The opening credits are among the most annoying I 've ever viewed . Thirty minutes into the movie , I was sufficiently amused and was able to block out my memory of that traumatic experience . Cuba Gooding Jr. musta moonlighted as a mime -LRB- except that he 's funny -RRB- . Rowan Atkinson breezes through the material like an old pro , and Amy Smart is a jarringly effective in this comedy despite the handicap of being an attractive white female.The movie ricochets from skit to skit-you WILL play favorites . Half the gags flunk out of Farce School , and the ending goes straight to P.U. Waiting out this -LSB- stuff -RSB- to get to the funny stuff left me with a tension headache . Certain actors could have edited out of the film and actually improved upon it.The soundtrack features the Baha Men and Smashmouth . No comment.If you do rent or purchase this DVD , give me a ring . I 'll be your guide . A highlights compilation would produce a highly-concentrated maniacal buzz . A grand 4-episode sitcom in the vein of `` Monty Python '' but , all at once , it 's tiring .
 To be fair , the premise is n't an entirely new one and we 've seen similar ideas in other movies and TV shows . In addition , this movie predates the rampant rise of reality television , so it did feel a bit weird to think about how the gamblers were able to follow the action without a horde of TV crews following the teams around . In a more modern context , this would n't be some elaborate secret gambling bet . Instead it would be a nationally televised event that would be celebrated on the internet - which does say something about the trends in reality television today.It 's hard to determine who disappointed me the most in this movie . John Cleese did n't have that much airtime and when he was on he did seem like a random character from Monty Python . Oscar award winning actress Whoopie Goldberg so was n't in your comedic best here and her character of Vera was pretty badly written . And Oscar award winning actor Cuba Gooding , Jr. seemed to be a caricature of himself or the types of roles that O.J. Simpson used to fulfill in The Naked Gun movies .
 I GOT THE CORRECT MOVIE BUT IT WILL NOT PLAY IN ANY OF MY DVD PLAYERS . ALL IT SAYS IN ALL OF THEM IS `` ERROR '' . I AM NOT SURE WHAT IS WRONG WITH IT BUT I CANT GET IT TO PLAY .
 Although this movie had the cast talent to be funny , the writers just would n't allow it . The only shining spot in this whole film is John Lovitz and the things that he goes through , but even he could n't save this dog of a movie . The topper to it all is that it has probably the dumbest ending I 've ever seen in a film . If you 're unlucky enough to see this movie you 'll see what I 'm talking about .
 Here is another attempt of burned out , no talent , no creativity , poor acting in what we call Hollywood . When will Hollywood learn that they can not improve on the classics . This movie is modeled after `` It 's a Mad Mad Mad World '' and it has failed terribly.If you want to see a really great comedy from the Hollywood that no longer exist because of lack of talent , lack of directors and lack of producers buy the DVD of `` Mad World '' . You will not be disappointed and it 's in it 's Roadshow attire .
 There were a few laughs , but in general this movie could be relegated to sophomoric humour . I suppose this could have been discerned from the previews alone , but the movie definitely makes good on being tiresome . By the end , you do n't care who the people are , what they 're doing ... or if anyone wins .
 This seemed like a redux of &#34; It 's a Mad , Mad , Mad , Mad World &#34; done in the 60 's . The cast is good but the movie is so so . There are some funny scenes but it did n't keep my attention .
 Every now and then , I will see a movie which has been out for awhile which I 've taped from cable awhile back and only just got to , then check its rating in Amazon . After sitting through this bad , bad , bad , bad movie , I was shocked to see the overall general rating of this movie to be -LRB- at the time I write this -RRB- about 4 stars . I am wondering just what it is those who give this crap 4 or 5 stars -LRB- omigosh -RRB- were/are smoking , cause I 'd like some of that perhaps . This was the absolute worst movie I 've seen in quite some time . Does one need to be drunk or stoned or both to enjoy this mess , with a little brain-deadness -LRB- perhaps a lot -RRB- thrown in ? My God , what are you people thinking?I 'm not going to compare it to its obvious rip , the classic `` It 's a Mad , Mad , Mad , Mad World , '' as I 'm no great fan of that movie . But this movie compared to that one is like comparing a nice philly cheese steak to stale bread with lard . In a way , there simply IS no comparison . At least with the former , there is coherence and a general flow , and at best it is good as a long rainy-afternoon type of diversion , but THIS ? What 's another word for crap?Nothing in this movie worked for me , nothing . I watched stone-faced , my mind drifting off to a 100 different subjects , each scene boring and overblown , the acting throughout nothing but hyperbole times google plex . I 've never seen a movie with such OVER-acting . I know , I know , it 's supposed to be a `` madcap '' over the top kinda movie , but why does EVERY character in this sludge seem to be stretching so much ? Could it be the weak MATERIAL here ? Ah , yes.The fact is , imho , there is really nothing funny in this movie . That 's a bad , bad , bad , bad thing for something advertised and pushed as a comedy I think . Every line here seems over-played unnecessarily , as if the actors were up on a stage , not in a film , and had to SHOUT their lines or something . There ARE some talented people here , who have done good work in other films , but in this movie , I 'm sure most watching it themselves since secretly know it was just another payday here . Everything here is forced , everything . Whatever humor which might 've existed is telegraphed so far in advance , that the punchlines fall flat as a pancake in virtually every single scene.As I write this , trying to remember things from the movie on which to comment on , I find the still functioning parts of my brain blocking it all out . The cow is slightly amusing , for ! 0-20 seconds is the best I can say about this nonsense . How far we have slipped -LRB- and Zucker -RRB- from `` Airplane , '' which understood that there is a SUBTLE nature to finding humor in absurdist situations and characters . I did n't believe for a moment in the reality of any of them here . It all seems as if it was written by a 3 year old , and some fine acting talent -LRB- available in other productions -RRB- should be ashamed of being a part of this , really.I agree with one reviewer who lamented the unavailability -LRB- at the time I write this -RRB- of the great Tony Curtis/Debbie Reynolds movie , a truly unappreciated and very good flick . The setup and introduction of the characters here is slow-going and boring . I did n't care for any of them as they were all so cardboard . The middle/meat of the movie is one long tiresome bore , pretentious and boring and predictable . The ending is a totally unbelievable and contrived `` politically correct '' abomination.I really have nothing to recommend about this movie . Rent this before you buy , and make your own decision . The `` good '' reviews on here for this astound me . They must 've been watching a different movie than I saw . Thumbs way down , a mess , a real , real , real , real mess ...
 I rented `` Rat Race '' based on a recommendation from my boss , who said it was one of the funniest movies he has seen in years . That was my first mistake , as I believe there is more humor on Death Row than there is in an ordinary conversation with my boss . My second mistake was renting any movie that has BOTH Whoopi `` Hollywood Square '' Goldberg and Breckin `` Anybody Can Have a Career in Hollywood , I 'm Living Proof '' Meyer . `` Rat Race '' is a dumbed down version of the `` Cannonball Run '' movies of the early 1980 's , only a lot more annoying . The only saving grace is Cuba Gooding , Jr. , who was the only good thing about this movie , but he is n't on screen very long -LRB- my only guess is he owed director Jerry Zucker a favor , a very BIG favor at that -RRB- . The story gets grating as there are too many participants in the race from Las Vegas to New Mexico and too many `` loony '' happenings that may be `` loony '' , but also not funny . With the exception of Gooding -LRB- and Amy Smart in her equestrian pants when her mouth is shut -RRB- , nobody is that interesting to watch . The best of the rest of the cast , including Jon Lovitz and Wayne Knight are totally wasted here.Don ' t even get me started on the awful Rowlan Atkinson of `` Bean '' fame -LRB- or infamy -RRB- , who can clear out a room faster than a Doors organ solo with his appearance.To top it all off , the ending of this movie is one of the worst I have ever seen and is definitely not worth the 100 + minutes it takes you to get there . I 'm tempted to spill my guts about it to keep people from spending their money either renting or -LRB- shudder -RRB- buying it , but I wo n't , so you 'll have to see it for yourselves .
 It is hard to imagine a more trite , hackneyed collection of sight gags and generally inferior acting than Rat Race . Intelligent movies get ignored while movies like this make big box office . God only knows why . This would n't even make decent television . I would rather stay home and clean my garage than see a stupid movie like this.Some movies are so bad they are funny . This is not one of them ; Rat Race is just bad .
 This movie was more annoying than funny . It lacked good wit , had no redeeming qualities , and to top it off , had a crappy ending . The movie tried too hard to be funny , and ended up aggravating me more than making me laugh.All of the characters turned out to be rather annoying . Everyone bungled their way through every situation and managed to screw themselves over at every turn . The mr. bean guy and the newman guy from seinfeld brought new meaning to stupidity -LRB- and in an aggravating way -RRB- . The addicted gambler and his family were altogether unpleasant people , being quite whiny and snot-nosed . Whoopi goldberg and her sidekick were much too frantic , and the two surfer dudes lacked any redeeming qualities to make them even remotely likeable . The only interesting character was the black-haired guy who did n't even want to gamble in the first place , but then his chic sidekick just went over the top.The majority of my family enjoyed the film , but i found myself disgusted too often at how stupid the characters reacted to their situations . Their annoying personalities prevented me from becoming connected with any of them . The premise sounded good to me when i first heard it , but this movie was done rather badly . The really bad ending sunk it for me.In short , if you like witty humor , skip this film . If you like people making fools of themselves , you might enjoy it .
 This is one of the worst comedies I have seen . Only Americans will like it , because they have no sense of humor !
 This is a a discusting vulgar movie . I can not beleive a talented actor like John Cleese would lower himself to such a low life role . Pure trash !! A sad rip off of Mad Mad Mad world . The fact that so many Americans like it shows what low lifes Americans are .
 The year 2001 has been filled with supposedly funny movies that are n't ; this one just may top the list . The jokes in this film are set up so far ahead that you cringe to think of what 's going to come , and when the joke actually happens you want to cry . The audience I was with when viewing it thought cows flying on hot air balloons and poop being described as a prairie dog popping in and out of its hole were the funniest things in the world . Every single `` joke '' falls flat to the ground with a loud thud &#65533; can the audience not `` hear '' them?Now you may think I 'm being unconventional as a reviewer . I 'll try not to be so harsh . The movie opens in a casino with a joke that falls flat much like every other one . The opening of this movie was off-kilter and forced . I was hoping it would get better , but it did n't . The simple premise of this movie is about a group of people staying at a high-class hotel casino ran by Donald Sinclair -LRB- John Cleese -RRB- . After winning gold coins this group of bumbling , unfunny folks are brought together on a race to get -LSB- money -RSB- out of a small locker in Silver City , New Mexico . This group of people includes
 All of the participants in this nonsense are capable of making me split my sides , but none of them did in this movie . By far the best bit was the ending . Unless your brain has been pierced with a tongue stud , you will get much more satisfaction by giving your $ $ to a worthy charity , than by spending it on this!By the way although I live in Singapore , I originated from elsewhere , so do n't blame Singaporeans for lacking a sense of humour if you disagree with my comments .
 Take Jerry Zucker , one of the men behind movies like Airplane and The Naked Gun . Use as a main ingredient a tried and true comedy formula . Add in comic talents like John Cleese , Rowan Atkinson and Whoopi Goldberg . Season with some other fine actors . The result should be a laugh feast , right ? Not this time , folks . Rat Race falls pitifully flat on the whole . The scenes that are painfully funny are few compared to the one that are simply painful.Rat Race begins in Las Vegas . Nick -LSB- Breckin Meyer -RSB- is there to attend a friend 's bachelor party . He 's straight-laced and appears not ave an ounce of larceny in him . Vera -LSB- Goldberg -RSB- is there to meet her long lost daughter . Blaine and Duane -LSB- Vince Vieluf and Seth Green -RSB- are two con artists trying to make some easy money . Randy -LSB- Jon Lovitz -RSB- and his family are on vacation . Owen -LSB- Cuba Gooding Jr. -RSB- is a referee who recently made the worst call in NFL history . Finally , there is Enrico -LSB- Atkinson -RSB- , a completely spaced out tourist from Italy.These characters ' paths cross when each one finds an odd gold coin in a slot machine . The coins mean that they have been randomly selected to enter a special contest , set up by the casino 's bizarre owner , Donald Sinclair -LSB- Cleese -RSB- . Several hundred miles away in New Mexico there is a locker inside which is two million dollars . Each contestant is given a key to it . The first one there claims the prize . As Sinclair says , the only rule is that there are no rules . Off the contestants go on a no-holds-barred stampede of greed and deception.Rat Race is loosely based on Stanley Kramer 's It 's a Mad , Mad , Mad , Mad World , a movie made forty years ago . It starred many of the comic geniuses of its time , and it a classic . The makers of Rat Race should have studied their inspiration a little more closely . Greed and avarice make great subjects for humor . Mad World stays true to its theme of money 's power to corrupt right up to its climax . Rat Race makes a complete turn at the end . I wo n't give it away , but I will say that the sentiments expressed , while good and noble , belong in an entirely different movie . It 's an unnecessary copoutAfter his early successes at comedy , Jerry Zucker concentrated on more serious movies . Judging from Rat Race , it seems his comedic genius is rusty . Sight gags are repeated over and over again . The first time you see two idiots in a car sail over a cliff , it 's funny . After you see this happen five or six times , you start to think that someone did n't have enough ideas to fill a whole movie.The cast tries hard . Most members try too hard , as if attempting to outdo their work in previous roles . One exception is John Cleese , whose performance is right on . Seth Green and Vince Vieluf outshine their more famous co-stars overall . Maybe it 's because their characters get to remain true to their greedy , idiotic selves right up to the bitter end . They display a consistency that is sadly lacking in the rest of the movie .
 This is really not worth the 11/2 hour investment . I just did n't think it was funny nor did anyone else in my house
 Inspired by the classic 1963 film , It 's a `` Mad Mad Mad Mad World '' , the Zucker Bros. of `` Airplane '' fame update and modernize the classic slapstick quest/chase flick . Unfortunately , `` update and modernize '' means more body fluid humor and grade-school gags , but if you remember to suspend reality and look at all of the characters as outrageous stereotypes , the movie can be quite funny at times . There are only a handful or truly sidesplitting scenes , and most of them involve Jon Lovitz and his family 's hijinks driving around the desert in the car of an infamous dictator.What disappointed me the most was the horribly formulaic ending that just smacked of Hollywood commercialism and catchy product placement . It was so totally cheesy and cornball , it almost ruined the mean-spiritedness and greedy behavior of the characters throughout the film.This movie is probably best-suited for high schoolers , but the ones I 've talked to who saw this film also loved the sight gags and slapstick comedy but disliked the cookie-cutter ending .
 Have no idea what it talk about . I was seeking for some handjob sence . that 's all but it was make me boring
 I 've watched seasons I and II of Hung with mixed emotions . In season II I 'm heading more toward dropping it , due largely to the writing and in some increasing sense , the casting.The premise , that Ray Drecker is a high school coach -LRB- getting laid off in this season -RRB- by day , and reluctant male prostitute by night , totally sparks my interest . Current , provocative , a story seed that can grow and blossom in any number of interesting ways . However the writers just are n't going anywhere at all with this . The shock value of an average Joe using his biggest endowment to earn a salary wore off in Season I . We saw Ray awkwardly executing his first few jobs , we saw him come to terms , sorta , with his status as male prostitute , we saw Tanya the poet totally get off on the vision of herself as a pimp . Enter the evil conniving woman who tries to take over the business for a bit of intrigue and stress . And that ... is pretty much where we have Season II as well . And the first few episodes of Season III . Nothing much is happening that 's new , and they 've explored most of the avenues opened in the first several episodes of the entire series . There simply is n't any freshness in the story line.Another problem I have is the relative sexiness of the show . I 'm a woman - the target client of this fictional male gigolo - and what I 'm seeing is more of a male-fantasy version of a man giving women what they want so much they 're willing to pay $ 600 a pop for it . For instance one recurring theme is that Ray drops his pants to show a woman his size , and they immediately become obsessed with having him . -LSB- A thousand online dating clients with cell phone cameras will tell you that this approach does not seem to actually entice your average woman -RSB- I 'm not really getting the sex appeal . Yes , he 's handsome , but that only goes so far.As a viewer , I want to root for Ray and I want to see him develop the fantasy that he 's selling in order to like and stick with his character . It would be forgivable if early on he was uncertain what made women tick and gradually came to understand that it was n't a big you-know-what . However what I 'm seeing is a character who does n't seem to especially like women in any way that could come across as passion , sexiness or even interest to work out how to really please them . He sighs quite a bit -LRB- actually quite disgusting , old-man phlegm-filled rattles -RRB- , he frowns , he is n't gentle , he argues with them defensively when they tell him what they want , he rarely appears interested in any part of the process , and even in the heat of the sex scenes themselves he 's often shown looking exhausted and as if he 's one step away from either a stroke or a back injury . In fact he DOES often get injured by his usually younger , more limber and more exuberant clients . As a viewer not opposed to some hot sex scenes , can I just say there 's nothing sexy about a man who ca n't caress a woman without dislocating a shoulder and then rolling around on the floor clutching himself and groaning dramatically while the woman asks if he 's okay and apologizes for hurting him ? As a woman , I 'm not feeling that.Following on that thought ... this season the actor himself -LRB- who is actually very handsome -RRB- has aged visibly . Yet they still team him up with much younger women , and I 'm finding it harder and harder to suspend my disbelief that these girls who are in some cases young enough to be his daughter , are interested in this frowning , sighing , curmudgeonly man . And it 's becoming harder to watch his character basically pummel these very young women into a wall as hard as possible as if that 's all a woman could possibly desire -LRB- and as a woman who has participated in many conversations pondering how to disabuse a partner of that particular belief , I keep waiting for the story line to address this -RRB- - the age disparity is starting to feel more ` umm ... gross ' than ` ooh . . edgy ' . I 've watched the first few episodes of Season III to see if the competing-gigolo story line did anything for the show 's major issues , but so far it 's actually almost highlighting the largest problems I have with it .
 I enjoyed season one so much that I actually looked forward to spending my money to buy season two . Big mistake . Whatever it was that captivated me and my sweetheart about season one , was TOTALLY lacking in season two . I think season number one took a very unlikely premise that was replete with varous comic opportunities and made good use of them . Season two continued the established story but took it nowhere worth going.Probably one year passed from the time I had watched season one and the time I watched season two . Watching season two and being BORED right from the beginning made me realize how SHORT each season is , namely only 10 thiry minute episodes . I did not pay a lot for this series , but even so , the story line no longer delivered even modest entertainment . the 300 or so minutes was better than a BAD movie , but it did not live up what I have come to expect from the best of HBO when HBO is really delivering the `` goods . ''
 This series started out with an interesting premise but the writers could not carry it out to what it could have been.What the actors were forced to say and do is sometimes not believable . -LRB- on second thought perhaps it 's the acting -RRB- I found myself fast forwarding to the next scene.I bought all three seasons and it never really improved that much .
 This is a pretty good `` late night '' soft-core flick -- lots of beautiful women , inoffensive men , and generally good production values -LRB- lighting , sound especially -RRB- . I 'd give it 3 stars if only the script did n't feel cobbled together by committee , and someone was n't paying attention in the editing room
 Cabaret , the on-stage musical , is one of the most enthralling and moving musicals to be ever found on Broadway . It 's message and theme are both important and beautiful . The only problem is that when they attempted to adapt it to the screen , the took a beautiful show , and ripped it apart . The plot , characters , and a few songs -LRB- Mein Herr , Money -RRB- are completely distorted and absolutely different than the original show . This movie should have had a different title other than `` Cabaret '' because this is not the same as the magnificent show . I gave it two stars only because the movie itself is not all terrible . This movie and the show should be viewed as two completely different entities , they truly have nothing in common .
 I bought this movie cause it is one of my favorite films starring Liza Minnelli . the packaging is very nice but the movie is the problem . I movie appears grainy , all the way through ... this is the 2nd movie that I have bought on blu Ray that has this grainy appearance , the other was Pillow Talk , I will think twice about buying blu ray movies of films over 10 years old because the quality is not much better than regular dvd 's . Do not buy this , cause it is a huge disappointment .
 While this is probably not a bone of contention with most viewers , I think it 's worth noting for those that do pay attention to these things , especially if you base your purchases on them , as I did in this case . The packaging on this newer DVD edition of `` Cabaret '' states that it is an anamorphic transfer -LRB- i.e. `` Enhanced for Widescreen TVs '' -RRB- . It is NOT . This is the SAME disc as before , with new a label on it.They merely changed the packaging , I guess , so that they could mention `` Chicago '' in the description on the back cover and tie it into the heat for that film . Shame on you , Warner Bros. . We all work hard for our money and deserve better than to believe we 're buying a new anamorphic transfer , when you are really marketing the exact same discs as before .
 The 2003 DVD re-release of Cabaret is just a re-packaging of the original DVD . Though the new package details state that it is `` enhanced for 16 x 9 , '' this DVD is a non-anamorphic , matted widescreen presentation . So if you were thinking of trading up to this new edition of Cabaret for your new widescreen TV , hold on to your money . I was not so fortunate . I now have two copies of Cabaret with lousy transfers . Whats up with Warner ? They screwed up the release of Giant also . This film is a classic and deserves better treatment .
 I too had great expectation of this reissue and the main reason I purchased it was for the stated anamorphic enhancement which it definitely is not . With all the interest in Kander & Ebb at the moment , this was a perfect opportunity to revamp a truely classic movie and address the poor transfer of the original issue . Warner are clearly just jumping on the promotional bandwagon with little concern for the value of the movie itself . This is Liza 's finest moment and a critic 's dream of cinematic metaphor and construction - it deserves better than this . It saddens me to think that it is unlikely to be issued again - the best Warner can do is recall this rerelease and do the job properly . I now own three versions on DVD - the region 2 uk release is even more washed out than the USA issue !
 This is a great movie . Love it , so I ordered this dvd to watch on my new high def 50 '' tv . Terrible quality ! very disappointing
 surprised how bad the picture quality is , it looks like an old vcr version . invest in the newest release or the blu ray , unsless you like a grainy picture .
 As other reviewers have noted , Warner stated that this print was enhanced for widescreen TVs ... and it 's not . Later packaging of this edition does not say that , but why the heck ca n't Warner get it right ? I am so angry at them for this.Cheapskates .
 This is a classic musical , but my goodness the sound will rupture your eardrums . My god , warner brothers , show your classics some respect . Did they TRY to make it sound this bad ? Like fingernails on a chalk board . It 's painfully distracting from the film experience . You have to turn up the volume to distinguish the dialogue , and when you do , it sounds ancient . Hissing and noisy . Ugh ! And this is the collector 's edition ?! The film -LRB- as in many cases i am finding lately -RRB- is worth much more than the DVD treatment it gets .
 Do n't blame Bob Fosse for his direction . Do n't blame the song `` Money Makes the World Go Round '' . Do n't blame the incredibly spooky yet intensely real Joel Grey as the Master of Ceremonies . Whatever you do , do n't blame the choreography . So , why is n't `` Cabaret '' a better film . Where should the blame fall ? As a first time viewer of Liza Minnelli , an amateur young Michael York watcher , and my only experience with Bob Fosse was the dramatic experience of `` Lenny '' , `` Cabaret '' boasted big songs , big ideas , and big actors ... yet it felt long , dull , and convoluted to say the least . Edging on the historical , but focusing mainly on a squabble of young love , the muddled themes of originality , independence , and sexual revolution seemed to take backstage for overacting , choppy editing , and a twisty story that begs for more but desires nothing . In the Oscar world of `` The Godfather '' vs. `` Cabaret '' , the obvious winner is Coppola 's film - but how did `` Cabaret '' even get in the running ? As it took me nearly three viewings to conquer this behemoth , one has to question the 1972 value , and whether this musical stands up next to the others nearly 40 years later . In this reviewer 's opinion , it is an obvious `` no '' , but arguments will apparently follow.Where did `` Cabaret '' work ? If discussing this film around the cinematic water cooler , there would be no doubt Joel Grey would be discussed . His portrayal , as small as it was , as the infamous Master of Ceremonies has yet to be repeated in any film to date . In various moments `` Cabaret '' felt like it was directed by Terry Gilliam , complete with the flash and darkness subsequent in his features . Joel Grey brought it to the table , and will forever be a frightening , yet influential image in my mind . He made the nearly 2-hours redeemable . The excitement in his swagger coupled with his level of pizzazz completely overshadowed his co-star Minnelli whenever the two shared the screen . His performance alone , the transformation itself , is what made `` Cabaret '' worth a view . It was he and Minnelli 's duet of `` Money Makes the World Go Round '' that saved this film from utter obliteration . It was reminiscent of a modern day `` Moulin Rouge '' , but it was the surrounding story - without surrounding characters - that caused the pain known as `` Cabaret '' . One must also applaud Bob Fosse for his direction , for without him , these dark scene filmed with Grey would have just been as bland as the story . Fosse took this flimsy story of three characters that we are emotionally void for , and pulled in some great song and dance numbers to buffer the pain that was sure to follow . His work on `` Lenny '' was outstanding , and while this did n't speak as greatly , you could see his influences on the script and final edit . Thank you to Fosse and Grey for transforming this drab film into cinematic mediocrity.To bookend the positive , one must also ask `` Where did ` Cabaret ' fail ? '' Without wasting pages of words , `` Cabaret '' failed because of the sloppy editing , the poorly developed historical slant , and due to the massive disappointment from the actors . This could have been a memorable song-and-dance rooted with historical symbolism-esque film , but instead fell flat thanks mainly to the horrible nature of Liza Minnelli . Her flat voice matched well with her disassociated character , which carried no emotion , flaunted no values , yet tried to win our heart . She sang decently , but I just could n't stand behind her as a central focus . Her entire relationship with Michael York is flippant . Does she love him ? Does she love money ? What is her true background ? What does she want from life ? Mix these unanswered questions with the uncomfortable hint of sexuality between York and Minnelli , and you have nearly 90 % of this movie . From Minnelli 's undefined character , to the passive aggressive York duel-jobbing as both language educator and African safari supporter , there just is n't a character you can stand behind . As we get close to the middle of the film , our writer seems to realize this and the extremely vague Maximilian is introduced as a man who enjoys the company of both Minnelli and York . For `` Cabaret '' to work , there needed stronger characters for us to follow - ones that were defined , yet complex , not just jumping from emotion to emotion . How did Minnelli win an Oscar for this mess?In addition to the horrid acting , the story felt rushed and unfocused as we try to keep up with the blend of music and drama . Outside the of intermittent use of Grey , our writer - Jay Presson Allen - tried to incorporate what was happening in Germany at the time with the Nazi movement , with the chaos of a cabaret show . In theory , this would be a great idea - but it failed because of again , the lack of focus with our characters . In one scene we are troubled by York 's disagreement with one of Minnelli 's haphazard choices -LRB- a big decision that was diminished by choice -RRB- and in the next , we are dissecting the idea of a German Jew . It just did n't flow well together . In another scene , we are forced to listen to a young Nazi soldier sing a ballad that evokes singing from everyone - and our characters just drive away . For me , to best summarize this film would be one of the final scenes between York and Minnelli as she takes him to the train station . She leaves by merely waving her hand , demonstrating her care for the characters and ours as well . When this film was over , I took it out of my player , walked away waving unemotionally . `` Cabaret '' failed because there was nothing for the audience to hold onto . When the breakout actor was someone that did n't speak but merely sang that should speak about how the film as a whole turned out.VIDEO
 I do n't get it ... This movie has been praised for years , and I ca n't stand it ! I think Liza Minelli is awful . She ca n't sing , she ca n't act , and she 's not even that marvelous of a dancer - what did she win an Academy Award for , exactly ? Effort ? There 's plenty of that - it 's like she 's trying as hard as she possibly can to sing like Judy Garland , act like Barbara Streisand , and just coming off as annoying . Joel Grey is good , I 'll warrant , but extremely creepy -LRB- I still have nightmares about him , I swear -RRB- and Michael York is ... well , Michael York . Does he ever actually act in films ? I 've yet to see it . The musical numbers have been butchered , the plotline destroyed , and the message completely lost . I 'm appalled that Kander and Ebb approved of this ghastly reimagining of their wonderful score ... It all just makes me sad . If you want to hear a fabulous version of `` Cabaret '' , check out the 1998 version . It 's much richer and full of ACTUALLY talented people . Sorry everyone who is a fan , but frankly this movie sucked .
 so many comments abourt Liza vying for the B rating b/c of the low class/talent Kit Kat Klub ... my first viewing , was so shocked how poorly she sang/acted/danced ... of course to be fair was expecting Judy level talent so prolly too high expectation ... and if this was sposed to be so low rent choreography why the heck hire Fosse for mediocre numbers ... altho I was impressed with the Two Girlie number , very creative and watchable vs vaudvillian prancing and hip thrust moves ... I found the only two folks scene stealing was Fritz n Natalia esp the marriage ceremony , brought all the issues side stepped throughtout the film together and made for a heart wrenching touching moment severely lacking elsewhere ... maybe if Liza did a dance number in the library exclaiming her delicate situation woulda made for some real entertainment ... as for Joel just too over the top for any humorous response and the obvious correlation between showtunes and next scene ... oy I try to imagine 1972 and treatment of abortion was perfectly timed for Roe v Wade and that blue eye shadow , garrish lashes n green polish just screamed 1930 's Berlin . . oy whoever messed with the script had too many flatline responses to salient questions , think they ran out of steam after trying to get that first number to impress , LOVED that outfit , kudos to the costume designer ! and whatever happened to the club owner clubbed by the bad guys , great editing btw ... oyguess I can recommend for Liza super fans , Berlin , castles and beergarden parties , lo0ved that song tomorrow belongs to me ... . what a slick pr campaign
 I tried it in 1972 ; it was a stinker . Now I 've tried it again and find that nothing has changed . Many sporty fellows , of course , adore it ; it seems to be magnetic for that taste .
 I went to a Community Center a few years ago and their rendition was great . This not so much
 I 've never seen the show live or heard any other recordings so I ca n't say if it 's Cabaret it ` sself or just this movie that 's bad . I found this film to be so boring and the music so annoying that I turned it off after 40 minutes . If you 're a fan of Cabaret then you might like this -LRB- I really would n't know -RRB- but all in all this is a really tiresome film with only a few worthwhile moments
 ... . ONE GREAT AND BEAUTIFUL FILM !! ... and , one that has stood the test of time for almost 30 years now , just to have modern technology `` BLOW '' the sountrack , what a shame . I feel particularly sorry for those who might have sold their laserdisc version anticipating this DVD . The Widescreen Magazine review of the sound track is kind .
 CABARET is one of the greatest movie musicals ever . I adore it . It is flawless , IMHO.Why , then am I giving it one star ? Because , as others have said , Warners should be ashamed of themselves . This is not the first , but the SECOND release of this movie in a non-anamorphic transfer . I bought the original and was mighty p **** ed because it was non-anamorphic . I thought they would have honored this magnificent film in the `` anniversary '' release . But no . It is , as stated by another reviewer , the same disc as before , in terms of picture quality.On a small TV you wo n't notice . But if you care about these things , then believe me , this release sucks big time . As did the first one.I 'm angry , not at being ripped off -LRB- I sent this one back for a refund -RRB- but because a wonderful work of art has been abused by a greedy , careless film company . And I have been robbed of the chance to see the film in its glory.Having said that , nothing could improve the truly dreadful sound quality - which was terrible from day one.I do n't suppose there ever will be another release of this movie . What a terrible shame .
 Cabaret is one of the great movie musicals of all time . Unfortunately this DVD version , released in 2003 is misrepresented as a Widescreen format enhanced for Widescreen televisions . It is not . The Widescreen picture is `` matted '' and fills only a portion of the screen on newer HD sets . Since there is no other version available , if you love the movie this is the only way to own it . Shame on Warner Brothers for not releasing a classic like this with a pristine print that does the film justice .
 This edition is exactly the same one that was put out a few years ago with the original film poster logo on the front . The only difference with this DVD , supposedly , is that it was enhcanced for WIDESCREEN tv , as it states on the rear cover . Seems they have n't done a thing with the aspect ration for wide screen . It just stretches out the picture and gives Liza a lot more weight in her performance . Warner Bros. . DVD should check their words more carefully if they 're going to re-issue something and not make any changes . Otherwise , the film looks beautiful , sounds beautiful , even the orchestra is beautiful ...
 Whoever is responsible for the video quality of this DVD should be ashamed . A great movie is ruined because of the graininess of the picture . I sold my copy and am waiting for someone to wake up and give us what this movie deserves .
 What a huge disappointment this 2003 DVD reissue is . It 's in non-anamorphic widescreen , which basically means that the letterbox bars are part of the image signal . HDTV owners with 16:9 sets will be most affected , but anyone who plan on upgrading to HDTV anytime in the future should avoid making this DVD a part of their permanent library . People with newer-model , higher-end standard definition TV 's will also be negatively impacted . Why did Warners go to all the trouble of reissuing this classic without doing a better job?The film itself is one of the finest musicals ever made . If you 're a fan , consider renting to get your Cabaret fix . If you feel you must buy it , plan on selling this edition at a future garage sale when the next reissue comes out .
 If you own a widescreen television , or plan to one day , DO NOT BUY THIS DVD ! It is mislabled `` Enhanched for Widescreen TVs -LRB- aka Anamorphic Widescreen -RRB- , and it is definitely NOT ! And the picture qualitiy on a widescreen T.V. is abysmal ! I 'm returning it and demanding a refund !
 The same cover from 2004 , but hidden by a new sleeve . Released again in 2008 . On the the cover the claim , `` enhanced for widescreen TVs '' . Shame on you Warner Brothers . You 've repackaged the old release which was not -LRB- and is not -RRB- enhanced for widescreen TVs . Now I have two copies with black bars on all four sides . Fool me once shame on you , fool me twice ... It wo n't happen again , until the word hits the streets that a Warner Brothers Release is truly anamorphic , I wo n't buy . Bad business move . Very Bad .
 This great movie classic and several others by Bob Fosse are sold to the public in some of the lousiest DVD productions I 've seen . There are hardly any extras , actually there are none , with the honorable exception of recently issued `` All That Jazz '' . The whole idea with DVD 's is to offer consumers and movie lovers something they did not have on VHS . Benefits of DVD technology are conspicuously missing with this DVD and many others . That is the only reason I am giving Cabaret one star . The review posted here should assist customers with their purchase and since this is such a poor DVD package , I refuse to buy it . I suspect there will be re-issues in several years which only means more money out of your pocket - just because the product was not offered in proper production the first time arround . If this sounds like deja vu , you 're right - remember all the `` remastered '' audio CD 's that you have to buy all over again . Shame on the entertainment industry and their lousy products . They are fighting the piracy but inviting it with such behavior.Max
 Cabaret is not aging well . Aside from Joel Grey 's weird and fascinating Master of Ceremonies and a couple of catchy tunes this 38 year old movie , long considered a masterful classic by people who probably have n't watched it in 25 years , is one of the most over-rated movies of all time , in my extensive viewing experience.Liza Minelli 's greatest gift was as a dancer . She moves well and is pleasing to the eye , but that 's where her range meets its limits . She is not a good actress , she mugs at the camera , slurs her words , tosses off lines like a teen-age valley girl -LRB- remember this is supposed to be Berlin in 1931 -RRB- , belts out every song in her raucous out-of-tune singing and is generally annoying in the extreme in all of her scenes , and she 's in most of them in this long , boring flick.Bob Fosse 's choreography is very catchy and clever and well-danced but his direction of the film is clumsy . There are some second rate bloops in evidence as well , such as the female band not really playing their instruments in cync with the soundtrack . In fact in the last sequence their physical actions do not match the sound track in the very least.Michael York is a good choice for the Isherwood alter-ego , Brian , but he 's helpless in the face of the banal and emotionally empty script . Helmut Griem and Marisa Berenson are completely wasted but they provide some mighty beautiful human scenery to watch.I liked this movie when I was 20 , it was , for the times , risqu&eacute; and colorful and the tunes were toe-tappers , especially Mein Herr . But now , decades later , Cabaret seems an empty vessel , a cracked mirror and a shabby piece of film-making with the smack of a Disney feature for gay men and transvestites . The coy gayness of Cabaret is really off-putting , but then in 1972 guys were still nervous about being openly homosexual , hence the Michael York/Helmut Griem strange sea-changes in their personas after they 've been to bed together , as if they thought they 'd made a huge mistake or something.I give Cabaret two stars for Joel Grey 's performance , Fosse 's choreography , the six lead dancers , and the set design of the lovely old European boarding house , and Griem 's and Berenson 's faces .
 If there ever was a film most undeserving of its ' iconic status , `` Cabaret '' is it . It is overrated , dull , tedious with zero chemistry between stars Liza Minnelli and Michael York . The `` plot '' itself is very weak and uninteresting . Take my advice -- skip this and watch Liza 's 1991 misfire `` Steppin ' Out '' instead . It 's ten times more fun and entertaining than this mess .
 The resolution was not very good and the picture only took up a small fraction of the screen . I would have used Netflix if it was available on its site .
 This is one of the most awesome films of all time . Winning critical praise and 8 Oscars to boot . It is the ultimate `` musicalwith a message . '' Yet still no truly restored Blu-ray version of this important film is available and I wonder why ? From the reviews I 've read here for years now the DVD versions of Cabaret that are available are a real let down for consumers and fans of the film . Comments range from `` terrible quality '' to `` not worth '' buying . Does anyone know why the Warner Bros. studio refuses to release this film in a format it so richly deserves ? I 'm giving 2 stars because I do n't like the fact that no Blu-ray of Cabaret is available after more than 40 years .
 This rating applies only to the supposedly &#34; new &#34; HD/Blu-ray release and not a review of the movie itself.Contrary to the product/packaging claims , this DVD is NOT HD/Blu-ray ! If anything , it is simply average SD , including the audio . There are some interesting extras , but not worth buying due to the false/misleading claims .
 Back cover states the DVD is Enhanced for Widescreen TVs etc and it is NOT 16:9 enhanced Warner Bros home Video will not even comment on this mistake . So NOW I OWN TWO copies of the same exact DVD different artwork is all . WARNER BROS should offer refunds !
 James Cagney plays yet another cocky tough guy needing to get knocked down a peg or two -LRB- or three -RRB- . He joins the Marine Air Corps on the encouragement of his Marine buddy Pat O'Brien . Cagney is a terrific flyer who thinks he knows it all , and needless to say , he is n't prepared to take orders and be just a regular Marine . He also takes a liking to Margaret Lindsay , O'Brien 's girlfriend . So things get complicated . Or at least things should get complicated , but the story is so basic , the dialogue so boring , and the actions of the characters so obvious , the film becomes very predictable , never leaving the runway , so to speak . The acting is passable , the direction efficient , if uninspired , and by the end , I did n't really care what happened to anyone in the story . I usually like Cagney , but other than a few good aerial shots , this film was a misfire from the start .
 I love the film . The disc arrived in to pieces . I purchased two discs at a discount for Christmas season and BOTH arrived broken . that sucks .
 This seems like a copy of the real product . In the back instead of reading proof of purchase by summit it only reads proof of purchase ... I have all the movies and I just wanted to have the original eclipse because I have the blue-ray version , all my other movies have summit writen in the barcode . Other than that the service was super fast .
 Very disappointed . I placed 3 separate orders and 4 of the dvds , including this one , were made from Mexico . It clearly shows on Amazon site one cover with English only text , but the DVD you get is stamped ` Made in Mexico ' , a different cover , and the Title & narrative are written in English and Spanish . So if the price is ` too good to be true ' and does not come directly from Amazon , this is probably what you will get . Yes , you can return it , and yes , it is a big hassle . Hope this saves some people the trouble I went through ...
 The dvd arrived broken in 2 pieces and I had to send it back . I got a refund and had to order another one and I got it new -LRB- more expensive -RRB- and from someone else .
 1 disc blu-ray + dvd . wanted 2 disc so I can keep the blu-ray one and give the dvd one to my girl .
 Am I the only person that is pissed because I pre-ordered the DVD set , and wo n't be receiving it until Monday , the 6th ? I 've always gotten pre-ordered movies on the same day they were released in stores , though I could 've gotten them at a brick and mortar store at 10a and I did n't receive my shipment at exactly that moment . I was OK w/that , because I got it the same day as release.But why in the world did I bother to pre-order Eclipse , when I wo n't receive it until 2 days after it is released in stores ? There 's not enough of a price break to justify the wait . This has never happened to me on a pre-order w/Amazon , but it is going to cause me to think carefully about ever pre-ordering again . Especially in the case of an eagerly-awaited release , because I will probably go to Wal-Mart and get the Blue-Ray edition at midnight tonight . Obviously , I 'll be returning my Amazon-provided copy.If movies are going to continue to choose unorthodox release dates -LRB- not the obvious Tuesday release -RRB- , Amazon is going to have to come w/a way to continue to deliver on the day of store release .
 I wish I had known that pre ordering means nothing . The movie has been out at Costco since last Saturday . I do not have the DVD . I will never pre order another DVD from you . It was in Bellville Michigan at 4:16 this morning ? My daughter way up north in Michigan received her 's 120910 . Where is mine ? this is not acceptable customer service . My goodness . I could have picked it up in Kentucky and driven it home is less time ! I am so done with this !
 This movie was C R A P !! All filler and 10 minutes of `` something '' . I give it NO stars if I could !
 Twilight is still my favorite . Hated New Moon and hated Eclipse . Once again Melissa Rosenberg fails in her translating the book . Most especially that un-necessary and ridiculous `` speech '' Bella gives Edward at the end of the film . ITS NOT IN THE BOOK ! The only reason I even bother -LRB- not care -RRB- about these movies is for Edward . ROBERT PATTINSON is perfection .
 Okay so I watched the series of movies to figure what the hype was all about . My answer is ... . Really ? Your joking right ? There are far better Vamipre themed Books/Movies With romance than this horrid dis-respect to Vampire and Lycan Culture.Do yourself a favor watch a good Vampire or even Goth themed romance movie .
 Okay , the books were terrible and the other two movies were so poorly written I ca n't believe I actually sat through another one - but I did . If it 's at all possible , this one is even worse than the other two . The only reason I gave it any stars at all is because the were-kid is pretty hot .
 It is widely acknowledged that the 1st installment of the series , Twilight was the best.The 2nd installment New Moon received a less favorable review.I have heard this 3rd installment Eclipse was the most popular book among the 3with mostly favorable review of the film -LRB- see other reviews -RRB- . This review is based on the dvd version of Eclipse.We found the film unbearably boring , from beginning to end.It 's like a talkfest for the teens.The 1st hour and half is mostly talk , talk , talk with intermittent short action sequences whichwere poorly staged.With such a popular and lucrative film franchise , why did the producer or filmmaker stagedthe snow sequence with fake snow and in the studio with some CGI instead ofgoing to the real snow capped mountain?The grand finale seemed like a repeat of one of the fight sequences in the open fieldbetween the vampires and the wolves but without the urgency and power.That highly expected crucial final sequence was again poorly staged without a hint of excitement.The fault of this film lies with the scriptwriter and the director . The actors are not to be blamed.A major disappointment !
 I 've ordered this twice now from Amazon marketplace sellers - shipped by Amazon and warehoused by Amazon.But I received -LRB- the Canada Issue -RRB- : The Twilight Saga
 This movie is n't really even about vampires . It 's more like an after school special or something that should play on the Hallmark channel . And what 's up with all the guys with no shirts off ? Should n't the story be more important . If you want to see a good vampire movie , see Interview With The Vampire or Blade . This movie bites !
 Purchased NEW movie , received obviously used product . no outer case , no Manufacturer seal . Fortunately the movie was not damaged . Loved the Movie , disappointed with the misrepresentation of the product .
 I love this movie and the whole saga , but first , I pre order it and I never got it , second , my friend did get it but it 's missing the bonus features ! WTH ! the 6 part of the making of and the deleted scenes are missing . This is a crappy movie version . DO N'T BUY IT AND IF YOU DO BUY IT AT TARGET OR WALMART !
 Update # 2
 This item is supposedly a Blu-Ray disc , but will not play on my brand new Sony Blu-Ray disc player ? A waste of money .
 I am writing this on behalf of my -LRB- upset -RRB- wife . I 'm sure the quality of the disc/film itself is good , but I felt that I needed to put this on here for people that might be thinking about purchasing this disc . It is a single disc with a Blu-Ray on one side and DVD on the other . It is advertised as having a 6 part documentary on both sides , but this is not the case . I did a little research and apparently you have to buy the 2 disc special edition to get that . This is seems to be unfair and very confusing . We have a PS3 , but my wife watches in the bedroom where there is only a DVD player . Needless to say , it 's very frustrating that we now have to buy another copy of the disc . CHANGE THE ADVERTISING -- it makes no mention of which disc does or does not have various features . Everything looks to be identical on both discs according to the box , and there is no mention of the DVD side not including the documentaries .
 I watched this movie with a few friends at work one night . It was like watching a funeral and a train wreck happen simultaneously . Characters lack depth and are flatter than paper ; Bella gets showered with praise and puts it off as if everybody hates her and she 's very unpopular . I could not hate a movie or a characters more than this movie .
 First off , I pre-ordered this movie for my wife and I recieved the movie two days after its dvd release date . As an Amazon prime member I 'm guaranteed to have this movie on its day of release , instead she had to wait while everybody else was running down the street to Wal-Mart and getting it Saturday morning . My biggest complaint though is the packaging of the Special Edition Blu-ray and Dvd combo !! They actually want to charge upwards to $ 30.00 for a single disc release that contains the blu-ray on one side and the dvd on the other ! I and others find this completely unacceptable and just another way cheapen their product while cheating the consumers !! Also , for a blu-ray that costs around $ 30.00 where 's the freaking digital copy ?
 La pelicula se indica en idioma espa & ntilde ; ol sin embargo la que me enviaron no esta es espa & ntilde ; ol , solo en ingles con subtitulos en ingles .
 Got the movie for my Wife for christmas . After she popped it in , I was shocked that this is seriously no better then an upscaled DVD . The pixellation is awful , even seems to be using the same hexagon upscale algorithm our DVD player would use . The audio was fine , though was only 5.1 which is a little embarrassing for a modern blu-ray these days.Just be advised if you purchase this to NOT expect Blu-Ray quality , this is at most an upscaled DVD .
 I have seen all three movies in the theater -LRB- and yes I went to go with my wife -RRB- . After seeing the last installment I now know why these movies absolutely do not work for me . -LRB- I have not read any of the books , and please do n't use that as an excuse as to why I do n't like the movies -RRB- . The Twilight series is filled with interesting characters and has a lot of interesting plot developments in it . Unfortunately the story follows the three worst characters and instead of concentrating telling the story of one of five to six interesting stories , it focuses on what is supposed to be a love story.I 'll start with the characters ... Bella Swan is a despicable person with no redeeming qualities . Would anyone actually want to even be associated with Bella Swan in real life ? All I know is that she puts every single person in danger -LRB- including the vampire she is presumably in love with -RRB- all for purely selfish reasons . If her vampire plaything is n't around she decides to toy with the idiot werewolf boy who for some reason decides he likes this moping , selfish , unfriendly person . Has Bella Swan -LRB- which is a stupid name anyhow -RRB- ever uttered anything at all interesting or positive in the course of three movies?Let 's move on to Edward . You would think after centuries of existing he would have A -RRB- found something better to do with his time than to graduate high school repeatedly ? B -RRB- Developed at least a smidgeon of a personality C -RRB- Had enough time to find someone in this world that could offer him something more than Bella Swan ? I get he ca n't read her mind -LRB- which he sees as a positive -RRB- , but maybe that 's because she does n't have much in that head of hers ? Honestly?And that leaves our pathetic werewolf pal who marches around shirtless -LRB- a joke about his shirtless ways was written in the Eclipse movie -RRB- . He at least has a motorcycle hobby and outwardly seems friendly in the 1st movie -LRB- until he becomes a werewolf -RRB- and then because he becomes a central figure in this movie he must relinquish all semblance of a personality and become mad/sad . Why do I call this character pathetic ? Because to constantly chase after someone who has been so outwardly disrespectful and just plain mean to you shows he has very little self respect for himself.And now why I do n't think the `` love '' triangle works . First , none of the characters are likable or compelling as explained above . Secondly , other than saying they love each what has happened to make me believe it ? I know Edward has saved Bella a few times -LRB- because she needlessly puts herself in danger , because she 's moody , reckless and selfish -RRB- so maybe I can buy Bella liking Edward . But other than not reading her mind there 's no reason for this vampire to like this girl -LRB- I guess her blood smells good , but that 's more reason to kill her right ? -RRB- . I could care less who ends up with this girl . As far as I 'm concerned , whoever does is the loser in this triangle.While watching the Eclipse , I felt the father echoed my thoughts . He seems bewildered at all the situations around him . Ca n't understand his daughter , does n't like Edward . But he does really like Edward 's sister Alice and so do I!Imagine how much better of movie or series it could be if it followed the character of Alice ? Or how about the doctor vampire father ? Or what about Jasper from the 1800 's ? Or even the vengeful vampire girl that kills her rapist attackers from the 1900 's ? Or what about the group of Werewolves that are eager to kill and seem to at least have fun together ? Or ... well you get the idea . All of the characters are more proactive in what seems to be a larger picture . Our characters are far more concerned about laying in fields of flowers saying they love each other . In between that we the audience are treated to ridiculous jealous banter between two immature idiots -LRB- the vampire vs. werewolf boy -RRB- . So anyway , there is a lot to like in this series but instead we get left with the worst trio of characters possible in the movie . It could be a simple fix too . Why not give Bella a bigger destiny than just becoming a vampire 's wife ? -LRB- if there is one we should have had a lot more foreshadow -RRB- Why not make her a key player in a bigger story -LRB- and no , having a vamoire baby is not a bigger story -RRB- . Would it be too much to have them fall in love while trying doing something interesting on the behalf of something larger in scale than themselves ? What if she could be a key part of a prophecy that helps mankind or vampirekind ? Then it would make a little bit of sense that Edwards entire family and the entire werewolf clan puts their lives on the line to protect her while Edward , Bella , and Werewolf boy hide on a mountaintop out of harms way . And by the way if you are trying to make out a vampire army sound invincible at least have one member from the `` heroes '' side die , even a side character would be a start . I do n't believe that band of young vampires was very formidable since all twenty or thirty were killed without them barely inflicting any damage to the good guy side . It 's all just fluff in the end , nothing really happened.So blah ! Tell me why I 'm wrong Twilight fans . While you do that please tell me what redeeming values Bella Swan has without telling lies or using references from the book series . Any positive character traits at all ? Good luck .
 The movies get worse as the go on . It was not the worst movie in the bunch but not the best either .
 I bought this as a gift for my fiance . Sadly she actually likes the twilight series . I tried watching , I honestly did . They are just horrible horrible movies . In every aspect . Cinematography , acting , editing , etc , and I 'm not even going to touch the horrid story line .
 got hot milk ? tired , exhaused from a long day working 2 shifts ... ca n't keep yer eyes opem ? this dribble is for you ... teen vampires ... ooooh boy ! crappy script ... weak acting ... and gay werewolves ... what a treat for the whole family ... burn these discs ... wait ban them first ... garbage ! not worth reviewing ... going to staple my eyes shut !
 You can get the blu ray/dvd combo on 1 disc with bonus features or you can get blu ray on 1 disc with no bonus features at all . Not realizing what I was getting , I purchased the ` no bonus features ' disc . I did n't know anybody was making discs -LRB- especially blu ray -RRB- without bonus features - this is the onl disc I have with that feature . :-RRB- I find it very interesting how the producers have gone out of their way to make a crappy product for such a beloved series .
 worst movies ever I have the first 2 on dvd and watched a copy of this one because everyone said how great these movies are and that eclispe was the best one yet well I have come to realize that these people telling me these movies are great must be high and on drugs . Worst acting I have ever seen and the vampire story is just plain stupid first of all they sparkle what is with that I just do n't get it I love vampire movies and shows but this one did n't do it for me if you wan na watch a good vampire story tune in to THE VAMPIRE DIARIES on the CW way better acting way better story line also the guys are way hotter the Jacob or Edward first of all I know vampires are dead but does Edward really have to be that pale it makes him very ugly in my eyes I guess if i was 13 I might like these movies but I 'm not and I do n't Thank you and Have a Nice Day : -LRB-
 I had to get a case of Rainier to get through this movie . I figured if Bellas dad had to drink tallboys to get through it , my friend and i would need a case . We were very correct .
 It would help if someone in these movies could actually act . All atmosphere and not explication . The whole series is so bad !!
 OK . I 've had it . This is the 3rd movie . I 've gone back and watched the first to see if there was a time when Bella 's silent stare off into space , her angst , her willfulness to disregard ANYTHING that might help herself , had made the movie better and the movies succeed IN SPITE of her due to the team Edward vs. team Jacob rivalry . Could the script writers do ANYTHING to help her character lessen her stupidity on going off into the woods to ponder when that is the LAST place she should be going ? Bella is the most stupid of female characters and its a travesty that this is what tweens and twentysomethings in the audiences are vying to become . If this is the state of relationships between males and females of this age bracket and its being played out as Bella lays on her bed with her hands splayed or always playing through her hair or having the attention span of a gnat with regards to everything else around her , its dysfunctional and these movies just encourage this . The Vampire council already wants her changed to vampire which she willingly wants to give herself up to and has been trying to get Edward to `` change '' her all along , but that 's the whole point
 Now understand , I LOVE the movie . I am so excited to watch it , but I hate that they put the blu ray disc on ONE side and the DVD disc on the other side . So it 's one disc but with two versions . Money grubbers is all I have to say about that . I paid about 30 dollars in stores for this ON SALE and they give me one freaking disc ! That 's not right , I 've paid less for a blu ray disc , dvd disc , and a digital copy disc of other movies . I mean heck , Fantasia set was less than that and you got 2 movies - 2 on blu ray and 2 on dvd . I know that Twilight is a high profile movie and that 's why they chose this one because they knew people would still buy it . But if I had known that I would have just bought the blu ray only version and saved myself some money.All in all I LOVE the movie and hate the production companies .
 I would expect a franchise that is apparently so successful to actually be good . After watching two disappointing films , the third just makes me want to dig a hole in the back yard and curl up into a fetal possition . I do n't seem to see what is good about these films , so I must be going crazy.This film is poorly written , the acting talent is not even there . The worst part is that there are two decent young actresses in this film in Dakota Fanning and Bryce Dallas Howard . Yet , they barley get any screen time in this movie . For a movie that was suppose to give me an incredible epic battle of Vampire vs. Vampire and Warewolf ... I am left with just a cheap blur of second rate special effects . Kristen Stewart and Robert Pattinson again horrible and Taylor Lautner is so pathetic in his delivery of dilogue . I mean ... `` Let 's face it ... I 'm hotter than you ???!!! ' Someone crank out the crackers becuase I just thrown a butt-load of cheese . I even wonder why I am wasting my time watching these , maybe it 's because of my deep longing to finish projects I have started ... and know that it is important not to knock something unless you have tried it.Yes , I will see the final two films and yes I will give my thoughts . I am not trying to be biased because I am a huge Harry Potter fan , but I have seen all of those and unlike Twilight they actually try to improve on their mistakes and always try to make every following attempt better than the last . I also have nothing agaist Pattinson because I loved him in the film ` Water For Elepahnts ' Frankly , once Twilight is over he will be able to bask in the glory in all of his Twlight royalties , and even if Twilight keeps getting the MTV best movie awards , I feel that in about 20 years no one will even understand the question ` So what are you , team Edward or Jacob ? '
 I have read all the books and have seen all the films . Out of the three films Eclipse was the worst . I think the whole entire film was about developing Jacob 's character and reducing Edward 's character development . To me Edward seemed aloof and distant and the chemistry between Bella and Edward was non existent . Kristen 's acting was better in New Moon than in this film . In this film Kristen 's acting was very robotic.The scene transitions were abrupt and choppy and at the end of every scene , Bella is starring off into space . Another problem , is the lack of tension between Edward and Bella , no arguing over Jacob like in the books . The conflict , calculating and over protective nature Meyer 's wrote into Edward 's character made the triangle between Edward , Bella and Jacob compelling . In this film the writer and director lost Edward 's humorous side that existed in the Twilight film and in the books . For example , pertaining to Bella going to Florida alone , Edward writes to Bella `` with your bad luck not even the black box would have survived . `` I have seen Slade 's other films Hard Candy and 30 Days . I think Slade does much better with a smaller cast where it 's easier to focus on character development . By comparison , I think Weitz did a much better job directing an ensemble cast than Slade . Also , Weitz did a much better job transitioning scenes smoothly . Overall I think Twilight was better at developing character within a small cast and New Moon was better at balancing grandeur and finer moments within an ensemble cast .
 Ok the first movie Twilight got me interested in reading Step 's books and i went ahead and read all four of them . The second movie was alright , nothing special , but oh well . Now this third movie ... My God did they butcher it or what ! It jumped from point to point in the movie . I guess it may just be me since i see so many other reviews that love the movie , but come on ! Even the scene with Jasper meeting Alice for the first time was terrible . Oh and showing the vampires breaking apart like concrete ... . really ... seriously ... If i could i would put zero , but i did like seeing the background on Riley , since i wondered about how he fell in with Victoria . I expected so much more from reading reviews . Well Do not worry , i wo n't be putting money up for the fourth movie , oh wait i should pf said fourth movie part one right ? Then i should add that no money for part two either .
 Love Lesson From Twilight # 4,267
 Kristen Stewart ca n't act her way out of a paper bag . She has one facial expression , a slightly concerned look with her mouth hanging open . She shows no emotion , no passion , NOTHING.It was the worst $ 4.99 I 've ever spent on a movie . PASS PASS PASS !!!!
 These cheap greedy individuals that make a blu ray movie in unison with the regular dvd . I knew it was to good to be true to see a blu ray combo from them . Part 1 and part 2 were cheap on making a blu ray combo . This movie is not worth 17.00 in which i paid . 9.49 and thats it . Not to mention , this movie was sort of boring . The actors need to attend acting school to better there skills . They suck !
 I enjoyed Eclipse , the book , but was not expecting a whole lot considering the first two movies . My first bone to pick is with the hair and makeup department . I did miss Rachelle as Victoria , but I like Bryce D Howard as an actress and she was good here , but who on earth put her in the hideous wig ? Her real hair is much prettier . She looked like the love child of Bozo and Raggedy Ann . Jackson/Jasper 's wig was better in this one than New Moon at least . Edward 's hair has not been bronze -LRB- his trademark in the book -RRB- since the first movie . It 's sad when Hardwicke , with virtually no budget , gets the hair and makeup the best out of the three . Rosalie/Nikki 's wig was the best of the wigged cast . Bella/Kristen 's wig looked like the one Jacob/Taylor wore in the first movie and Carlisle/Peter 's wig looks like a hairspray helmet . These things bug me because they are easy to get right . Emmett/Kellan looked like he showed up at the wrong set and meant to play Spock.Taylor shines as usual . Loved Jasper 's story and Jackson 's chemistry with Ashley Greene -LRB- Alice -RRB- . I wish we got more of Rosalie 's history . It 's one of the more interesting parts of the book , IMO . Although playing adversaries , Taylor and Rob have wonderful chemistry . Unfortunately , the only person Kristen seems to have chemistry with is Taylor . She acts apathetic during the make-out scene on the bed and during the proposal , but that 's normal for her . I watched the first Twilight with an open mind , but I now can predict how she plays pretty much any role
 Be careful ordering this BluRay title . If it says sold by anyone other than Amazon you are probably going to get a foreign made BluRay disc like I did , not the product described in the listing / pictured . Amazon was good about returning the BluRay since it wasnt what was pictured but since it was a gift I didnt appreciate having to run around locally at the last minute to try and find the correct BluRay I wanted . Clear case of bait and switch . Buyer beware .
 I inadvertently purchased the Blu-ray , which did n't include any special features -LRB- e.g. , no commentary , deleted scenes , etc. -RRB- . I thought that the Blu-ray SKU always contained premium special features . I was mistaken . Be sure to check the specs if you want the special features and not just the movie .
 Many classic films have had sequels that were more successful than the original
 I purchased this with all the other Twilight saga movies , Twilight and New Moon for my wife and myself . We watched both of the first films and then went to watch the third but after the menu loads and the default selected play feature is selected , the menu animation continues to play without a menu available . This makes watching the movie very frustrating although I did find a way to get the movie to play it is a very annoying problem when watching a Twilight marathon ... Do n't buy this disc . Buy something else like the 2 disc version instead ... . Item Returned and purchased the 2 disc set .
 I was beyond disappointed in this purchase . First of all , they mislead you into thinking this is two-disc , DVD and Blu-Ray disc in one package . But you get only one disc with two sides containing the movies in both formats . Although they use the VOB format for the DVD , I have not found any players that will play this on a computer . Since I travel a lot , I like to watch movies on my laptop which is the reason for the two format purchase ! But now , no way to do that . Add to that the fact that it took Amazaon a full two weeks to send this to me added to my dissatisfaction with this purchase . I fully intend to send this back as it was not what was advertised in the listing for this product !
 I 'll keep a long story short . This version does not have anything besides the movie . If you are thinking of buying this version as a gift , do n't . If I had n't been so excited to watch the movie that I tore off the shrink wrap without reading , it would already be on the way back for a refund . As a fan , it is NOT the version I would have wanted . Stupid me , pre-ordering !
 Let me first say I knew this was going to come at some point/The movie is great buy here is why this dvd blu ray release got a 1 . How cheap can you get they are now putting the blu ray n one side and the regular dvd version on the other , how cheap can you get for a movie that has made the studios billions of dollars.I immediately sent this back to Amazon and just bought the single disc blu ray.First of all I would like to know how you can have blu ray on one side and regular dvd on the other.The only reason people have bought these combos is the fact that they got two different discs so if one got scratched they still have the other but now there is no reason to buy these any more just buy the blu ray or regular dvd.Universal Studios ought to be ashmed of themselve and the only way to stop this is to not buy it .
 What do I have to do to get a widescreen copy of this movie?I bought a single disc copy at Target the day it came out only to watch it and see everyone 's heads chopped off . No returns at Target so I gave that copy away.I ordered from Amazon carefully checking to see that the two disc special edition was widescreen.It came in the mail today and it 's not . It 's standard definition . I am returning it . Did n't even open it once I checked and saw it was not widescreen.That sucks . Why would anyone even print a movie these days in anything other than widescreen?I like the Twilight series . I have a copy of the first movie -LRB- in widescreen -RRB- and saw Eclipse three times at the theatre . Maybe this was a decision by Summit?Again , it sucks .
 This is ONLY the movie , NO extra features at all -LRB- not even for digital download -RRB- . I pre-ordered to get it on release day ... which Amazon DOES NOT do anymore . Hubby thought he found something cheaper & switched items in my cart , so I got this crap version . Even the case & paper insert look like a bootleg copy . Do n't buy this for a Twilight fan ... They will be highly disappointed . It was n't any kind of deal . I have no idea why this was even made , unless it is an actual bootleg item . Very disappointing that it even exists . & Eclipse is my favorite book & movie . I have been promised another copy .
 I have purchased new releases from online walmart and received it the same day the movie was released . I order this DVD-eclipse and estimated date of delivery is 7 days after release . Not happy .
 I 'm really only writing this review to praise Amazon . The Twilight movies are awful , the acting is horrible and awkward to watch , however , I watch them just to see if maybe they will get less awful as the series progresses . So far they have n't gotten much better.Anyway . I had a promotional code for a free video on demand rental , and I rented Eclipse just so that I would n't have to pay to see a movie I knew I would n't enjoy . The video quality sucked , I 'm not going to lie . It was very choppy and it kept pausing and loading ; it took forever to get through the movie -LRB- as if the storyline is n't slow enough as it is -RRB- . However , I did n't bother filing a complaint , because it was a free rental , so since I did n't have to pay for anything , why should I complain ? A few days later , I got an e-mail from Amazon saying they noticed the quality of my rental sucked , so they refunded it . I was very impressed . Now I can see a better movie , and it 'll still be free . :-RRB- Thank you , Amazon .
 This is not a good movie , nor is it anywhere close to a faithful adaptation of Stephenie Meyer 's book . These movies , all three , make the characters out to be so shallow and immature . The point is that Bella , who has always been very mature for her age , fits with Edward who is actually over a 100 years old , very mature and controlled . They had them doing things in the movie that the Edward and Bella in the book would never have done . I ca n't understand why Stephenie Meyer would go along with it . It has that slick quality when watching it , and you ca n't get pulled into the movie or care about the characters that way . If these movies were n't based on the best-selling books , no one would ever watch them . I am not into sci-fi or vampire movies or anything like that . What I enjoy in the books is the romance , the give and take , and the self-sacrifice in Edward and Bella 's relationship . I enjoy reading these because of the lack of sex , etc. which just cheapens and degrades the story . So many parts were left out , and I know it is hard to keep everything in when making a movie . I liked Rachelle as Victoria and saw no reason for the change to Bryce Dallas Howard , except they must have thought she was a bigger name . And they made Jessica valedictorian ? Boy , was that way off !!! The scene between Bella and her father concerning sex was just ludicrous . Oh , yuck , this was the very worst one . I guess , out of the three , the second one has to be the best of the bunch . These vampires are also looking a little aged !! No romance at all ! Zero ! What a disappointment . I love the books , really do n't like the movies .
 I 'm very frustrated . I 'm an Amazon Prime member and have been since it started . I 've pre-ordered a ton of stuff , and it 's always come the morning of it 's release . Until now . I pre-ordered this , and did n't even get the shipment notification until Friday , when it was already supposed to be here . Ok , if they shipped it late , I can forgive it once , if they 'd sent it for Saturday delivery to make up for it . But they did n't , they sent it USPS , and apparently slowest possible route ever . Now it 's Monday night and I STILL do n't have it.Lame Amazon - next time I 'll just buy it -LRB- cheaper -RRB- from Wal-mart . I 've seen the film in the theater , it 's by far the best of the lot . This review is low entirely because of Amazon , not the movie or the story .
 The story line is 99.9 % `` romantic tension . '' Silly me ; I was expecting another Vampire movie . In summary
 I do n't actually like the `` Twilight '' series . I bought this DVD specifically to watch the RiffTrac of it -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- , which was awesome . So as a movie I gave it 2 stars , but the actual entertainment value I got out of it would be 4 stars .
 Never got my DVD . This item was a Christmas gift for my niece . However I never got it . Thanks . So my niece sends you a middle finger
 The atrocious atmosphere that people have to look forward to thanks to reality tv series and consumerism comes to a head in this tale of nonsense that any hetrosexual male will shudder at . These movies are part of the problem of society today , ... shiny vampires and werewolves with inferiority complexes ? Really guys ? Stop watching Jersey Shore and Real World reruns and get out and make something worthwhile that 'll actually help children be creative and make something of themselves so they can in turn do the same for those who come after them . I applaud the success of the author , but the commercialism that this monster has fed is just too much . What is american society coming to ? Im ashamed to call myself american when my fellow countrymates can call this sham of entertainment a `` great '' movie . This thing was horrible from beginning to end , with the only joy coming from the unbelieveably corny dialogue and even more unbelieveably corny kissing and staring scenes between the actors . I laughed out loud in the theatre a few times only to be shushed by the female unit I accompanied who finds this type of movie enthralling for its cheeseball-ness . Spare your mortal soul from damnation , and your heterosexual male counterpart the torture of sitting through this rubbish by not purchasing it ... . like there 's any chance of that happening when women are involved ...
 still waiting for them to get more acting experience . hoping it improves by the time the last one is premiered .
 No where in the description did it say it was the French version !!!!! Very disappointed . What am I supposed to with this ?
 This movie is so terrible that I 'd like an apology from someone . I admit I watched it out of pop culture curiosity and it is vile . Kristen Stewart has only one facial expression -LRB- disoriented anxiety -RRB- and I liken it to Harrison Ford in ` Regarding Henry ' -- after he is shot in the head . Why is this person so irresistible ? I suppose this would be cleared up if I read the book but I can not imagine willingly interacting with these characters again . There was no chemistry between Stewart and either Edward or Jacob - and I believe Stewart is involved with Pattison in real life . Perhaps they sleep in twin beds . The only pleasure I derived was from the hilarity of the werewolf uniforms
 Worst movie I 've ever seen . They 're all wearing the same shade of lipstick , acting was horrible -LRB- like a jerked up Voldemort -RRB- , and there was no plot ! Graphics might be HQ , but the actual film -LRB- plot , characters/development , suspension of disbelief -LRB- impossible to maintain -RRB- -RRB- was HORRID.Quality over quantity , people ! PLOT OVER WHATEVER THIS EVEN IS -LRB- can not possibly be called art -RRB- .
 What 's with the hype ? Is it blind lust for the actors , or blind loyalty for the Books ? I do n't know , but the acting was HORRIBLE . I ca n't believe I 'm saying this , but the acting on CW 's The Vampire Diaries , blows this movie away . After being forced to watch both that show and this movie , I have to say I appreciate the Vampire Diaries show a lot more after seeing this garbage . Yes , I 've read the Twilight books , and I can understand why those books have done well . So perhaps I am a bit biased that I hate the bad acting and bad casting , But I 've really tried to give these movies a fair chance , and I am amazed how much praised this series gets even though it is mediocre compared to the books .
 Love Lesson From Twilight # 4,267
 It was better than the first two , but that 's like saying a hot poker in the ear is better than a fishhook in the eye.Eclipse is the third movie of the Twilight saga . -LRB- Only one more to go ! -RRB- All the characters are back , Bella , Edward and Jacob.Bella / Kristen Stewart is still as annoying as all get out.Edward still has the big vampire hair.Jacob is like Captain Kirk - he finds ways to always be without a shirt.The best part of this movie , well all three movie so far , is Bella 's dad . Billy Burke offers some much-needed comedy in this trash.So why watch these films if I hate them so much ? Simple
 i bought this for my wife , but she like to see the movies in Spanish . it says that it is subtitled but its not . all the other twilight movies i have bought her are spoken in Spanish . so i got ta get her another one now to make up for this.im sure the quality is good just never watched it
 I do n't really understand how these movies can draw out so much money , and yet they 're just completely dumb . I guess when you have a self-centered tween-age girl and a few shirtless men and `` vampires '' that sparkle , I guess thats your box-office win in a nut-shell . I had went to see the previous movies that followed before this , and had hopes that something would change about these fake vampires that sparkle , but it looks like all most people can do right now is wait till this Twilight phase ends . As quoted from Peter Travers of Rolling Stone magazine `` Twilight Is Cat-Nip For Fraidy-Cats ! '' The dialogue in the movies are gawd-awful , and I have not seen acting this bad since Bruce Springsteen 's first divorce . This is the most sanitized vampire movie you 'll come across.Like I said
 I just received this DVD . The DVD is from Canada , The title on the cover is in English and French . I 'm very disappointed
 I do n't believe I ordered the French or Spanish edition of Eclipse , however that 's what it reads on the box and case i received . Unable to tell whether it 's in a widescreen format as well . I guess I shoud 've got the French and Spanish Rosetta Stone as well . This disc is clearly from Quebec , Canada . I just hope this editione speciale works cause it 's for my girlfriend who is not French or Spanish . Lesson learned ... Do not buy from Optishopper , LLC even if it 's fulfilled by Amazon for shipping .
 I 'm just disappointed that Amazon lowered it 's price for both Eclipse and Twilight the day after I placed my order . I could have saved me a solid $ 5 ! However , still a big fan of Twilight and always will be . Eclipse is definitely worth a watch ! The cinematography is a lot better than the two previous ones for sure !
 Ok . I 'm not a teenager and I 'm not so into the goth vampire scene as I might 've once been . I DID enjoy the first Twighlight movie . I found it 's cinematography to be stunning and gorgeous , and I found the story somewhat interesting.This movie ... well , maybe I 'm just too old . It was not interesting at all . The beauty of the first movie was lost . And it feels like a simple teenage drama , full of drama queens and angst.Sorry Kiddos . Not the best .
 So I bought into the hype that number three was to be the best and this was one huge disappointing POS ! Does anyone else find it troubling why all these guys are hung up on this bland skinny H.S. girl ? She certainly is not HOT - she 's bland and redundantly the same again and again - she 's MEAT to Dine on though a little twiggy.Pulled this thing out with company on Xmas and it was so boring - way to much sappy dialogue and SPEECHES = Freakin SPEECHES over and over and way to little ACTION . True Blood blows this thing away and that dang whiny Kirsten Stewart makes ya want to Vomit - like I said a 12 year old must have wrote the script for preteens that do n't know QUALITY - Trash Trash Trash!Don ' t waste your money on # 3 the first movie was great but each sequel has gotten worse.Also , the ACTING was simply terrible but it matched the infantile dialogue - does anyway actually converse like these idiotics ? NO!Save your money , rent or wait for it 's cable broadcast but I warn you it 's a Looooong couple of hours!This one gets one finger and guess where it is on my Hand ! An example that Marketing can sell anything , even a pile of dung such as this ! ; -RRB-
 Weak unbelievable acting by the entire cast , especially Stewart . It was difficult to sit in same room with this playing .
 I like soap operas and vampires and sluts and stuff and I read books that make me dumber than before I started reading them . I 'm 28 but have this fascination with stuff that 10 year olds read and watch . HIYA and welcome to the retardation of modern society .
 I thought the writing was full of SAP ! I know it 's just a movie , but I can only take so much of that ! I have n't read the book , and this almost makes me NOT want to read it .
 The book was so much better . And for a movie that made so much money you would think that it would have better animations .
 I dont know what to say . I really think the movie is bad . everything about it is bad . wow sorry I know my wife is all dreamy eyes over it but this nothing more then a teenage vampire drama and that is all . shiny vampire ... . wow do not buy this . read a book or watch paint dry it be better then this
 I received this and it 's not Spanish , it 's French ! Returned ... Description is wrong , thanks NETDEALZ , NOT !!! Garbage not worth my time .
 A bit disappointed that the dvd I received was standard definition , not widescreen as the description stated - and did n't realize it until I was removing the plastic wrap : -LRB-
 I was smart to rent this in stead of buying . I keep hearing about how each movie is getting better than the next . Not in my experience . I 'm sticking to reading the books on this series as the movies are a great waste of time . This one did n't hold my attention at all . I just rented it because I could n't find anything else on tv to watch . Needless to say that did n't help as I did n't even finish watching this one due to how boring it was.I highly recommend people rent these Twilight movies before buying -LRB- unless you can buy them for the price of a rental fee -RRB-
 The movie is great . But I really hate the single disc . The 2 disc edition was not available at the only local store in my little town .
 I never read the third book and I was a little confused about the movie . The movie skipped around alot to a variety of scenes and the big anticipated fight scene was short and average . I did get sick of seeing Bella kiss wolf then the vampire then the wolf . SHEESH ~ ~ ~ ~ I 'm glad I rented the movie ; rather than saw it .
 I bought this product as a Christmas present and it was suppose to be here the 13th of December . It 's now the 19th and I still have n't received it . Dont buy
 Rather than me write a this review , I 'm going to let my cousin , Tawny , winner of the Ms. Teenybop Consumer Award of 2010 : Tawny
 First , i have read all the books about six times , even the short second life of Bree Tanner.i am not a teenager . i thought this movies was moving so fact with jumping from part to part that it did n't do the book justice.so many parts were left out also , maybe it would have been better if they made this into two parts . the book really is long . i love the books all of them , but i loved twilight and new moon the movies . They were great . This one the acting was horrible.i thought they would get better with each movie instead of worse . was this a new emmett also ? the characters looked like plastic . Maybe they should think about getting a new makeup artist and new lace-cap wigs that really look natural . i also pre-ordered two or three months in advance and i just received mine on december 9 , yesterday . i watched it on demand before i even got the movie . i am going to do the same for breaking down and not both pre-ordering these movies . what a rip-off . very disappointed with amazon also .
 I have to say the makeup is much better on Rob as Edward . But Kristen Stewarts wig is way way noticable . You can tell it 's a wig big time they should have found a lighter brown to match her skin tone . My opinion Eclipse is n't as good as the first movie Twilight at all . I think the movies would have been much better if they 're all directed by Catherine Hardwicke to eliminate the jumpiness of the films to me . You can definitely tell there were different directors and the moods and feelings of the cast shines through . I do think the other two directors were good at they 're job but Summit should have just picked one director and stayed with it . I also think that the only real actors that were really into the movie and captivated the characters were the quilette pack , Charlie , and Alice . The others seemed out of character from the first movie and ruined it for me.On a good note the cgi wolves were awesome ! The fight scenes were great ! I do find it weird that when the vampires were ripped apart they crumbled like rock instead of how the would just rip apart like regular flesh in the first movie . The crumbling effect was cool but it should have been started in the first movie not something that up and changes and they expect no one to notice . The actor that played Riley captivated him perfectly ! He could n't have been better ! And Jaspers accent , I know he did n't talk much in the first two movies but his accent got really thick all of a sudden in this third movie.What us up with changing the Victoria character . I understand Rachael L was demanding more money and the picked someone else but she did n't seem to play the character as well . And again the wig the new girl was wearing was atrocious ! Who did the costumes and the wig picking !?!?! They need to step back and take a look at what they send out of the trailer . I 'm not a fan of how they portrayed Bella in this movie . She acted like a brat , ya she did n't want them to fight over her but at least act like you care for one of them . The internal strife that Kristen tried to play was way off from the book big time . Maybe if they filmed these more closely to each other and with the same director they would seem like a contination not a shredded frayed ribbon where one ends and anther movie starts . They just did n't tie into each other they way they should have .
 I 'm not going to say that this movie is terrible . It 's not . And if you 're a teenage girl -LRB- or think like one -RRB- , you will likely like this movie . But for people who like a movie with plot and character development , you 're in for a long 90 minutes.First off , the characters are not believable . Every time Edward says EXACTLY the right thing that Bella wants to hear , it just does n't seem realistic . Sorry , ladies , but no man is that perfect.The best way to look at this movie series is almost soap opera-ish . It 's all glamorous , over the top and just not very believable . Do n't get me wrong , I do n't expect realism from fiction . But I still expect well constructed characters with strengths and flaws . That 's really that main issue with Edward . He 's all strength and no flaw , which is n't believable and it is n't very fun .
 just what the title says . is this a vampire series or a soap opera . the lamest thing out there . do not waist your time and money . you will thank me .
 i strongly dislike this movie and i strongly dislike the twilight saga and i strongly hate stephenie meyer for destroying the love of reading this movie and book series seriously is terrible do not waste your money on this dvd buy something else instead
 I really like Vampire movies . Especially if they have Kris Kristofferson . None of the Eclipse movies have Kris Kristofferson . Also , you can tell these vampires are all afraid of Wesley Snipes . That 's probably why Wesley is in jail right now.Based on these and other facts , two thumbs down .
 I am a HUGE fan of Twilight , but for some reason this movie fell short for me . I absolutely adore the first two-I felt the directors really got the feel of the books . I CAN NOT understand how anyone could prefer this movie to the others-unless they are not coming from a book perspective.This one ... not so much.First , the soundtrack was awful . New Moon had a beautiful and moody score and some songs that I wanted to listen to after the movie . The songs in this one were distracting and there was nothing pretty or atmospheric about the score -LRB- which really surprised me ; I love Howard Shore 's Lord of the Rings score -RRB- . Second , this director had Jacob as an angry character , and did n't show any other side to him . Bella was to wishy washy not really nice to either Jacob or Edward , and Edward looked like he was begging after an uninterested person the whole time , though Edward had some great moments -LRB- particularly the tent scene , and his fight with Riley and Victoria -RRB- . Third , certain characters changed to much . I did n't like the recasting of Victoria , they should n't be changing actors 3 movies in . Jasper suddenly developed some strange accent 3 movies in as well.Lastly and worst of all , the tacked on ending was horrific . Bella explaining to the theaters with a phony speech about fitting in with the Vampires world and it was never a choice between Edward and Jacob . Huh ? Did this director even see New Moon ? It just seemed like a way for the filmmakers to try and make Bella look like a strong female character , which she is n't -LRB- and that 's ok -RRB- . There were some good things , like I mentioned the fight with Edward/Victoria/Riley / Seth . The cgi wolves were really cute and expressive . I also thought Riley was excellent , great casting and acting there . Maybe fans seeing this without having been a fan of the book series will feel differently , or maybe it 's just person taste . I wanted to love it , but just did n't .
 I pre-ordered this movie 3 MONTHS AGO and it has been out for a week now and I still have not received it !!! I thought the whole point of pre-ordering an item was to guarantee that you got one of the first copies !! At this point I am the only Twilight Fan who does not have a copy of Eclipse because of AMAZON.COM !!! I will never pre-prder anything again ! This is the second time this has happened !!!
 I 'm an amazon prime member and I 'm STILL WAITING for my DVD - Why should I bother with Amazon when I could have bought it at Walmart days ago ????
 This was complete and absolute spunk ! The actors in particular Kristen Stewart are getting worse . I thought that by the time the 3rd film rolled around they would have rounded into the characters . Sadly this was not the case . This was like parody of a bad movie . I ca n't believe they have n't considered replacing KS and RP ... sure they are easy on the eyes but that 's about as far as it goes .
 I am still waiting for this to be delivered . I have never had to wait so long before . Next time I will just wait and purchase it from the store . What 's the point in pre-ordering if everyone else get their copy going on weeks before I receive mine . I rate Amazon.com a -1 on customer service for this one .
 I pre-ordered this dvd in October . It was released on 12/3 . It is now 12/13 and I still do not have it yet . I am furious . I could have bought it at Walmart on 12/4 . I will never pre-order a anything from Amazon again !
 When I start eclipse , which is a blue ray movie , in my blue ray Sony player it wo n't go past the title . I have to select the chapter in order to watch it . I have never had a problem with any other movies .
 I ordered the product because it was the 2 disc edition . When I received the movie from the seller it was in half Spanish and English . I did not bother to open the movie and sent back for a full refund .
 I am not satisfied at all . I was expecting there to be two disc and there was only one , which is double sided . I would much rather have two disc , but the description of this dvd clearly does not say that there is only one disc . And there is n't even anything special about either of them . I am highly dissatisfied . I would not buy this if you are looking for a two disc combo .
 Hopefully the movie works , the box was not in good shape , plastic shredded and the paper cover has come out . Will have to replace the case/box .
 While the movie seems to be perfectly good , the cover looks like a reproduction . It does n't look like a store copy/original copy . There is nothing inside the jacket , no booklet , papers , etc. . This was purchased for my daughter as part of her collection and she was n't happy with the packaging . All in all it 's good for a copy just to view .
 I bought a used DVD , I was somewhat disappointed the DVD would only play up to a certain point and then stop .
 The acting is stilted , over the top . The story is lame and over dramatic . Bella is just dumb , and makes bad decisions , everyone is selfcentered and selfish -LRB- todays culter at least is reflected here -RRB- . Cheesey when it is not trying to be . WAY , WAY , WAY , over hyped . Lameness at a major level . I would not have even checked it out if it was not for someone making me watch it with them .
 Rented this movie with my wife . like the rest of the movies in this series , the acting is terrible and the plot sucks . If you are looking for a mind numbing terrible time , this is the movie for you ...
 Another teen movie . Wolves still need work , they still look bad . Why dont they pick up the phone and call George Lucas and ask for some advice . As for the love scenes with Bella and Edward ... I still have a hard time believing they actually like each other in real life . She is just a bad actress !! I am only buying these so I can see what the big deal is all about . I cant be seen going into a theater to see a teen movie as I am an adult . GEEZ ... . I dont think I will be buying anymore after this . I dont care to see the evil baby spawn . Gross .
 I am not writing this to bad mouth the movie !! I am writing this in reference to AMAZON !! I pre-ordered this movie over 2 weeks ago . You would THINK you would get it on the release day . Well NO !! It is Monday Dec. 6 . And still havent gotten it . Wow , I saved 3.50 , I could of bought it at the store . So people , be very careful on what you PRE-ORDER !!!!!!
 The blu-ray disk would NOT play and since I put it in my player my other blu-rays that played before wo n't play now ! -LRB- except for a couple of older ones -RRB- ... . even one of the new DVD 's I bought wo n't play !
 I was sent an item that had red lines throughout the movie . Is it that hard to make sure a qualtiy dvd is sent . Spending almost $ 28 when the company is making a large margin of profit I do n't think it is too muh to ask for . Next time I would just buy the product at a store
 The second disk to this set is blank and does n't play so it is really a single disk set being marketing as a two disk set . Charging too much for a single disk DVD .
 The reason i am unhappy with this order is that you sent me the wrong movie . I ordered Twilight , new moon , and eclipse . You sent new moon with a movie which was not eclipse part of the twilight saga , but some movie called THE ECLIPSE I would like the right movie sent please as I already paided for it and the movie you sent is older than time , is n't worth the dollar amount I already paid for . I am still waiting for twilight , please correct and send out the right movie -LRB- ECLIPSE PART OF THE TWILIGHT SAGA -RRB- Thank youCheri O'Neill
 I was very disappointed with this movie . It seemed like they just threw it together to get it out on the market sooner . The quality of acting seemed to go downhill too , all the actors seemed bored .
 I normally do not write reviews but I feel so necessary to put my thoughts on paper to get my frustration out . First of , I 'm a new fan to the twilight saga . I watched Twilight to see what all the hype was about . I know I 'm a little behind all the diehard fans but I wanted to check it out . The movie was terrible . The dialog and the acting on Kristen Stewart 's part were just horrendous to watch . I told my friends this and they urged me to read the books because it is so much better . After I read the 1st book , I was hooked ! I got the other 3 books and was just obsessed over the books . I guess it would be too much to expect the movie to emulate the book exactly but come on ... it is so way off . The first Twilight movie was actually very painful to watch comparing to the book . The part where Bella told Edward that she knew he was a vampire was so endearing and touching in the book and they totally butchered it in the movie version . It actually looked really stupid in the movie . This is after all a love story and they took most of the love part out of the movie . It was really disappointing . Then I watched New Moon , it was a little better than Twilight but still left off a lot of dialog from the book that should be included . Then the 3rd movie , a little better than the other two but at the end of the movie , I long to read the books again . The movie is nothing compared to the books . I know the movie would be like 5 hours long if it follows the book exactly but if you are going to take things out , that 's fine but do n't change the entire thing . The part where Edward confronted Jacob for kissing Bella , in the book , it was just loving and so protective . In the movie , it was dumb and so childish . I just hope Breaking Dawn will be better and they will keep most of what is in the book and translate it into the movie . Since they are making 2 parts for Breaking Dawn , should be plenty of timing to allow this . Maybe down the road , someone else might do a remake of the entire this and it will be much better . I just do n't know how Stephenie Meyer would allow the movie to be made like this when her books are so much better . They need to get rid of the screenwriter and maybe have Stephenie write the script .
 While the two disc special edition is a good idea , the price is ridiculous and the movie it 's not that good . First of all , they edited a lot of stuff from even altered some things , like for example the story of the origins of the wolves , actually in the book it 's more longer and exciting .
 The first DVD stopped playing at about 30 minutes into the movie . Was told to send it back at Amazons expense . The replacement DVD , which arrived quickly also stopped too early . Again , I was told to return the second DVD , then purchase one elsewhere . I did . It works perfectly.A little put off about being told to buy one elsewhere as I live in a rural area and this was inconvenient.The movie itself was very enjoyable .
 If you are watching this as a stand alone movie , I would say that it is a decent movie - lots of action scenes with some romance thrown in.But as part of the Twilight Saga , I have to say that this movie is a disaster!Let me start by stating that like thousands of Twifans , I had eagerly waited for this movie and saw it on opening day . My initial reaction was that it 's a terrible sequel . To give is a fair chance , I bought the DVD and saw it twice again , once on it 's own and then again as part of my weekend movie marathon from Twilight to New Moon to Eclipse.So what 's wrong with the movie ? 1 . The sweetness and magical fantasy weaved in the first 2 movies was totally non-existent in this movie - it felt too ` real-life ' , like some action movie .2 . The camera angles felt too close when compared to the first 2 movies , and it felt almost like it was `` in your face '' too much .3 . The hair on the key characters look really fake or awkward , and the skin tone was either a weird shade of pale or bronzy in some scenes .4 . Bryce Dallas Howard as Victoria was totally disorientating - she played the character so differently that it was clearly 2 different personalities . They should have stuck with the same actress throughout the 3 movies .5 . The music was too loud or too epic like - the bedroom proposal scene music was way too loud and it totally destroyed the mood of the scene . The music at the end of the movie was too epic like , too LOTR -LRB- I have done the LOTR movie marathon enough times to recognize Howard Shore 's touch anywhere - and the Twilight Saga is not LOTR -RRB- . David Slade and Howard Shore are both great artists and great in what they do , but I personally feel that they have not understood what Catherine Hardwicke and Chris Weitz had done in the earlier movies . Where New Moon picked up the mood and transitioned well from Twilight , the transition from New Moon to Eclipse is not there.I hope they do n't destroy the next 2 movies that they are making from the last book .
 The main problem I 've had with all three movies is that Kristen Stewart does n't seem like a very good actor . All the scenes in the book that have lots of drama - yelling , crying - are just flat and dead in the movie . Anyone watching this who has n't read the books would have no clue why Edward loves Bella . The movie Bella has zero personality . I already know Breakimg Dawn will be a huge disappointment because there 's no way she 'll be able to portray the fierce awesome mother Bella becomes.And , why do they cut so much out of the books only to add stuff that was n't even in them in the first place ? Who cares about the newborns - they all die anyway ?! And Carlisle would never have been able to sneak up on Edward because Edward would have read his mind.My favorite part was when Edward confronted Victoria in the fight . It seemed like the only time we got to really see Edward without lame movie Bella in the way.Please please please movie people - get someone else to play Bella in breaking dawn !!! Someone we can believe would really catch the attention of someone like Edward . Oh , and , get rid of Edward 's sideburns and fix all the Cullens ' hair ...
 I loved the first Twilight movie
 I do n't usually do written reviews , but this time I have to say that I 'm EXTREMELY disappointed on how this version of the so called blu ray and Dvd combo was packaged . Using only one dics to have both the blu ray and Dvd version ? HUH ? I could have saved myself money and just bought the Blu ray only if I only wanted one disc . I like fact that every blu ray / dvd combo I have bought have had two discs separately . One for my blu ray player and one for my dvd player . It was a shock to get this one with both formats on one disc . I think for the price they should have done two or at least make it clearer that it was only going to be one disc which to me is a dumb thing to do . Back when I preordered this item I do n't recall it being advertised as a Single-Disc , as it is now . It may be cheaper for them but not for me . I will not be buying any more combos done this way . I have learn my lesson . Save yourself some money and avoid them too . Either buy only the blu ray or the DVD since you will only get one disc with the combos , and save yourself some bucks .
 I seriously do n't understand how this movie grossed more than so many other movies ... other than that Americans are completely idiotic and easily manipulated by marketing . I have not seen such a horribly , illogical , and poorly acted movie that happens to get `` rave reviews '' ... by Twilight fans of course.Please , save yourself some money -LRB- I got it for free via a digital promo -RRB- and support a much better movie . There are millions out there
 Ok on the back of case it states '' ... 6 part documentary viewable in both standard and picture in picture modes `` actually on the DVD side - nothing except 2 commentaries and summit - blu Ray is n't standard so what 's the meaning of that ? No digital copy - no documentary on the DVD side : -LRB- Great movie - horrible release this time around
 The acting in this moving was amateurish . The plot is boring and the storyline is very predictable . I do not recommend wasting time on this movie .
 No vale a pena . O sistema de entrega &eacute; muito dispendioso . Fui taxada em 78 reais por uma encomenda de 15 d&oacute;lares .
 This gift set was advertised as containing the component of collectible cards , but is missing all except the DVDs . To be explicit and reiterate , this set contained
 I stumbled on to the Twilight series in the 3rd installment , so I had much to catch up on when viewing the movie with a friend who had seen it several times . I bugged him throughout the movie : Q . So who 's this guy with the eyebrows , and why is he wearing so much makeup?A . He 's the hero - a vampire . He needs to look undead , thus the makeup.Q . A teenage vampire for a hero ? I guess he must be a `` good '' vampire , then?A . Yes , he 's a good vampire . He and his coven fight bad vampires.Q . But what does he do for food ? I mean , does n't a vampire 's dietary requirements pretty much drive his moral character?A . No worries -- the good vampires have managed to become vegetarians.Q . Very progressive . So what 's the deal with this other kid who ca n't keep his shirt on ? I mean , he 's definitely ripped , but it 's a bit gratuitous , even in a movie like this.A . He 's a werewolf . He takes his shirt off when changing form so that it is n't ruined.Q . But what about his pants ? They always seem to come back somehow.A . Maybe they 're made of Lycra or something stretchy.Q . No , watch
 GOOD AFTERNOON , I RECEIVED YESTERDAY IN VENEZUELA MY DVD OF ECLIPSE . I 'm pretty annoying since PRODUCT IN DETAIL THAT CLEARLY SAYS IN SPANISH subtitled . And when I tried it I realized that ONLY have subtitles in English and French . Can you explain what happened?GOOD AFTERNOON ,
 Being a huge Twihard fan , I was excited about the low price of the 2-disc special . After receiving it in the mail , I was shocked to see the cover in English and in Spanish . I have n't opened it due to wanting to research it first and possibly return it before opening . Luckily , someone had written a review on the same subject and said it 's all in English with a Spanish option . Puts me at ease so now I can finally watch my movie ! It should be written in the item description not to freak out if you receive the bilingual cover , since it 's confusing that the main picture on the page to order from , is all in english .
 I kept blanking out . I have no idea what their problem is or why tween girls would tolerate so much indecision . Victoria 's very small story would have made a great episode of Criminal Minds or Buffy/Angel . The music was n't as good this time . The werewolves dialed down their workout . There was not enough of Dakota Fanning and her movie brother.IS it over?an eclipse , a total permanent eclipse , that 's what 's called for
 I suppose I was nave to think that this third installment of the Twilight cultural phenomenon would be any better or more interesting than the first two `` films '' in the series . To be honest , I watched this -LRB- and read the first three books -RRB- out of a sense of pop culture obligation -- I do need to stay abreast of the popular trends in YA literature and culture . Sometimes that obligation is enjoyable and rewarding -LRB- e.g. , the Harry Potter novels and films -RRB- , and sometimes that obligation is an excruciating act of penance -LRB- e.g. , any and all things Twilight -RRB- . What can I say to express the profound artistic void that this film represents ? That the acting is wooden and hammy ? That the story is about as interesting as watching bread mold ? That the script is amateurish and insipid ? That the film looks as if it were shot in a teenager 's basement and backyard ? That the special effects are , in effect , anything but special ? That the only thing worth looking at in this entire film is Taylor Lautner 's bare torso ? I shudder to think that the final installment of this series will be divided into two films . Please , have mercy and end this entire Twilight fiasco already .
 Kristen Stewart and Rob Pattinson have a commentary on the dvd that I was really looking forward to since they did n't do one for the New Moon dvd . Maybe my expectations were too high , but it was a very disappointing.At the very beginning of the commentary , Rob says something like
 This is probably the better movie of the first three simply because the movie itself is better . I 'm still not sold on the actual story though .
 The sale was not a good deal -LRB- $ 13.74 -RRB- . Mistakenly , I thought I was buying the DVD set with deleted scenes . Honestly , how can you call this a special without deleted scenes .
 Asked for Blu-ray disc and received it in a regular DVD format.Make sure when you order your DVD it comes as you ordered it . Will think twice before I order from Amazon.Loved the movie .
 okay so i bought this dvd , thinking that it would be the same as the one pictured , the two disc special edition by summit ent . However i received the video and it was in another language ! and not even made from summit . It was awful and when I contacted the seller to complain and get my refund i was never contacted back . It has been 2 months now and still no reply !
 This image is false advertising ! I bought this DVD and received one that had French translation on the front cover , after returning the first one and repurchasing again , I still received the same cover . So if you want the DVD with the cover in the image , DO NOT buy from here , you will not get that cover !
 I brought this movie as a gift , I searched for a movie with spanish subtitles , in the product details saysProduct DetailsActors
 In my opinion , Eclipse -LRB- the movie -RRB- is by far the worst depiction of the corresponding book than the other movies in the series . Now this is not to say that viewers may not find this entertaining because to some degree , whether you read the books or not , you may not feel it COMPLETELY sucked ... It does have a lot of action to take away from some of the suckery so ... there 's that , but aside from the fighting action that took place , the movie fell VERY flat.Now I will breakdown it 's suckery . SPOILER ALERT ! WILL NOTE WHEN SPOILER ENDS.Information given in the movie lacked further explanation ... If you never read the books and only watched the movies , some parts in this movie will NOT make sense . Case in point , Jacob 's reveal of him being the rightful Alpha ! There was no explanation on how that was even possible ! At least , as far as the movie goes . Then there 's Jacob insisting that Bella has some hidden feelings for him but the movie lacks evidence of the connection even though in the book/s , Jacob and Bella spent a whole lot of time together . In the books , Jacob and Bella 's relationship is very well developed . What the movies -LRB- both New Moon & Eclipse -RRB- never showed that was actually in the books was the endless amount of times they hung out together . They held hands quite often and even Bella mentioned how from a far , they would seem like a couple based on how close they were . Bella would notice Jacob in a way that went beyond a friendship , especially when Bella had Jacob over one time and she kept focusing on his bare chest , which prompted her to ask him about him never seeming to wear a shirt . Now a lot of people who may watch the movies probably has no idea the real reason why Jacob does n't always wear a shirt and it has nothing to do with his body temperature nor do it have to do with trying to impress Bella . Ecplipse -LRB- the movie -RRB- does n't show that scene at all and cuts to Jacob leaving Bella 's house . This was a necessary scene to put in there because not only would it have given a valid explanation behind Jacob 's topless moments but also it would 've shown some understanding as to why Jacob was insisting that Bella has hidden feelings for him . Which brings me to the famous `` kiss '' scene between Jacob and Bella . I kid you not , EVERYBODY in the theater with me , when that scene came about , did a collective confusion of `` WHAT ??? '' I do n't even have words for how cheesy they made that scene be . In the book , it was a slow burn that Jacob hinted around that made Bella realize what he wanted from her . She was reluctant at first but he talked her through it and got her to relax enought to give into the feeling and when she finally did , she saw the future she could have with Jacob , going as far as seeing herself having his children ! -LRB- That must 've been one heck of a kiss ;--RRB- The movie does n't show any of this . You do n't know what she 's thinking in this moment so the movie lacked a connection in that moment.Now that I said all of that , I 'll now mention the bad acting ... Now when I say bad acting , I really mean Jacob 's character . This is not to throw salt on Taylor Launter because he seems to be a decent guy but his acting in Eclipse made me feel like he should 've been a villian in Batman -LRB- the cartoon -RRB- . I do n't think Taylor Launtner can play a cocky character ... he 's just way too sweet . So his ` bad boy ' comes off animated and exaggerated instead of confident and cocky , which is why the bad acting took away from me getting into the story.Another issue I had was the phasing of the wolves ... I do n't know if they just got lazy when working on Eclipse or if there was new people working on the CGI wolves and did n't know how to make it as detailed as it was in New Moon , but it was poorly done . In New Moon , you could literally play it in slow motion and see the transition from human to wolf in both Jacob and Paul . You could see the wind move through their fur whereas in Eclipse , the wolves phased like a coat was quickly thrown on them and all the wolves looked almost similar in color . If you did n't see New Moon , then you may not realize how much it sucked but if you did then you may see how the wolves in Eclipse are lacking . But hey , you may not care about that.END OF SPOILER ALERT!So , here 's my pros and cons ... Pros ... Action is good.Overall , visually appealing.You may appreciate secondary characters more in this movie.Cons ... Lacked explanation for non-book readers.Bad acting.Bad CGI.Lacked chemistry amoung some characters.Recommendations ? Read the books ... even if you think it 'll be complete suckery .
 The single disk blu ray edition is a joke ! It does not have extended features !! Which DVDs / Blu Rays do not have extended features/scene nowadays ? Also , I heard that the Blu Ray / DVD combo version is another insult to the Twilight fans . If you would like to share the DVD or Blu Ray with someone , you are stuck as the DVD and Blu Ray on either side of the disk and not on 2 separate disks .
 Mario Moreno didnt get to really act in this movie . This one wasnt a true reflection of how great of an actor he was . There were some funny moments but not that many due to the story . The story never really came together although tried to . Cantinflas was an orphan with two of his friends and ends up in the show buisness . His father has been trying to find him and only remembers him by the mark on his stomach . The story tries to unfold from there . Its not worth buying unless you want to own every single Mario Moreno movie . If thats not you then skip on ahead to much better movies he has made .
 I know that it 's an old movie so it 's not going to be perfect quality but with the restoration technology around today this kind of quality is unexcusable . It seems like they just took the old film and played it on a projector and video taped that with a digital camera . My point is that it looks pirated . Also there are no subtitles - niether in english or spanish so deffinately DO NOT PURCHASE if you need subtitles for any reason .
 we watched it for the first time over the weekend and it has problems and did not play well . I have thrown out paperwork from the box , although I do have email tracking . Can I get a new one still ?
 A photorealistic spider that talks yuck ! I like the animated version better because I find spiders to be gross looking ! I might have wanted to see or rent this movie but the problem is I do n't like spiders . I saw the animated version and enjoyed it because Charlotte seemed more like a person than a disgusting spider .
 As a child , I loved reading the works of E. B. White . Now as a parent , my children enjoy E. B. White via audiobook in the car , since they are not yet old enough to read . I thought they might enjoy seeing the movie . This film was a real let down . In place of White 's charming wordplay was a string of stereotypical catch-phrases and scatological humor . Most of the characters were bad caricatures of `` country '' people with grotesque renditions of southern accents -LRB- is n't the setting Maine ? -RRB- . I could go on about how badly this film adaptation mangled the characters ... But perhaps the greatest disgrace was how this film managed to strip White 's classic work of nearly all the sense of curiosity , wonder , and joy at beholding the world , and replaced it with tiresome Hollywood cliche 's complete with the heavy-handed pop culture moralizing thrown at us there at the end . If only these folks in the motion picture business could believe that mere , humble nature presented in a straight-forward fashion can still capture childrens ' imaginations and inspire them . Perhaps the good folks who made this film would do well to revisit White 's works .
 I hate it when an amazing book gets adapted into a terrible movie . This is a perfect example . None of the characters in this book were spot-on . Charlotte was the closest to the book representation , but I did n't appreciate her new self-conscious or religious attitudes . Wilbur was second , but the rest of the animals were absolutely terrible . I wish I could cut out the 20 minutes of dumb jokes and dialogue out of this movie to make it a lot better .
 Thought I was ordering the old cartoon . . did in rush before field trip with my kid . . always loved original . . turned on and found it was n't what I thought . . I had punched in cartoons . . so it actually pulled up on wrong search page . . we 're only 2 funny moments for the girls . . was watched out of boredom not for fun .
 I loved this story as a child , the animated version is wonderful and I was happy to hear about this movie version , however when I saw it I was so disappointed , no music ??? that was lovely about the spider . I will take the animated version any time and never buy this boring version of C.W.
 hey its rebecca . this movie is charlottes web . this was not very impressive . i love pigs but this movie was terrible the pigs had eyebrows . i would not imagine any animated nor realistic animal to look like that . also did i mention that this movie was for little kids too . this was just as boring and slow as happy feet -LRB- both of them -RRB- . i 'd prefer these following movies
 Do n't get me wrong , as a kid I loved the 1973 animated movie . But after becoming and adult , it 's lost most of it 's appeal . The main reason is due to the story itself . The pig does nothing basically , but gets all the credit for the spiders work ? Come on ! If you are going to write a story called Charlotte 's Web , should n't the story be about Charlotte ? Sure the pig is cute , but he basically does nothing ! Am I wrong ? Rewatch the movie , and tell me if I 'm wrong . Now compare the movie `` Babe '' . There is a story about a pig who does everything in the movie , and truely earns his place on the farm with a lot of hard work . What can Wilbur in Charlotte 's Web do ? Oh that 's right , he can sit under a literate spiders miraculous web all day long and smile pretty for the camera . Anyway , I 'm tired and hungry . I think I 'll go cook some bacon and hot dogs .
 Horrible acting is made up for by special effects.The original movie , much better by far , had a tighter story with less silliness and no gratuitous gore.If you 're seeking something for the special effects ONLY ... then this is for you.If you want a story and good acting then stay far far away.Doesn ' t even rate to a ` B ' movie subcategory !
 Took forever to come in then did not work . If you guys are going to sell items in other parts of the world you need to be sure it will work in other parts of the world . If I knew it was not USA I would of never bought it . .
 I found this to be a horrid , not a horror , film . This film is typical of today 's horror movies
 This is the worst movie I 've seen this year . The acting is horrible -LRB- Shannon Elizabeth should just stand there without saying anything -RRB- and the script tries to cram 100 's of good ideas into 90 minutes . Granted , there is lots of potential with the idea of 12 evil ghosts being used to fuel an evil clockwork house , but 90 minutes is not enough time to set everything up for a fulfilling , blood splattering end . Basically , at the end of the flick , I was sitting there wondering how on earth these actors got cast , why the concept of `` undying , selfless love '' was written into a horror script and how chemistry goggles can allow one to see ghosts . If for no other reason , see it for the special effects and be sure to watch the DVD special features first so you know what the hell is going on while you watch the movie .
 This movie is just simply lame ... that 's all there is to it ! Poorly done with a horrible cast and a lame script ... that pretty much equals a lame movie and that pretty much sums up what we get in `` Thirteen Ghosts '' .
 Not even F. Murray Abraham who is one of my favorite actors could have saved his movie . His acting , along with everyone elses in this movies is downright bad . I would have expected 100 times better from Abraham and Tony Shaloub who have been in so many good movies . Maybe they just got desperate for money and no other scripts we being offered to them . Who knows anyway , the script is horrible , filled with bad writing and cliches , the movie is grusome and bloody and un needlessly violent , but not scary.The concept of the whole film was very strange . Please do n't rent this movie , go with a nice classic horror movie instead .
 If I told you the main characters consisted of a low-key father , a sexy young girl , a black woman with attitude and sass , and a bratty little kid with spunk , what do you think I would be describing ? A new sitcom on NBC right ? -LRB- cue the Sanford & Son theme -RRB- Nope , it 's actually another -LSB- bad -RSB- horror film -LRB- term used loosely -RRB- that stresses humor , mtv-style jittery camera effects , loud noises , and some really annoying characters . Too bad , cause the movie did have some good gory , bloody make-up efx and had a good gimmick with the 13 ghosts themselves . But I felt they were playing up to the teenage/Scream crowd rather than to true horror fans who wanted to be scared and shocked . Hard to be scared `` in the moment '' when metal or rap music is blaring through certain scenes -LRB- that 's the director reminding you to `` get that soundtrack ! '' -RRB- . It ruins any atmosphere of dread completely and just seems condescending or manipulative . If you like the descriptions mentioned , a rental will do you . But people who actually liked to be scared or feel a sense of uneasiness will want to look elsewhere for your thrills . Despite the gore factor , this is as commercially watered-down horror for the masses as it gets cause its purpose is to feed us a sensory overload of music and gory images , not to set-up anything actually scary . And do n't forget to pick up the soundtrack , cause the film sure as hell wo n't let you forget .
 When the best thing about a DVD is the extra telling you the back stories of all the ghosts , you know you 're in trouble.The cast tries hard , though . Matthew Lillard is the standout here , but only because of his usual histrionic line-readings . Poor Tony Shalhoub tries to turn in an actual multi-layered performance and just gets lost in all the proceedings . He simply ca n't compete . Shannon Elizabeth is only there as eye candy in a scene where her top is shredded by one ghost , but only because the script does n't give her anything else to do . And their black maid -LRB- they ca n't pay their bills , but they can afford a housekeeper ? -RRB- -- whose name , fortunately for her , I ca n't remember -- is only there to spout unfunny one-liners about `` crazy white people . '' F. Murray Abraham also appears as the obligatory overacting Oscar winner responsible for it all -LRB- see Geoffrey Rush in House on Haunted Hill -- or , better yet , do n't -RRB- . This movie is nothing but an excuse for a lot of visual effects -- which are done well , but are not a good basis for a movie .
 I was horrified by this remake of William Castle 's 1960 film . The characters are weak , the continuity errors are numerous , and I was highly disappointed . A second star went to the production design , however , which was brilliant . The house was well designed , the makeup was good . See the original , unless you 're looking for a no-brainer horror film with cheap thrills .
 When it comes to sets , the movie is amazing . As is mentioned in numerous reviews , the glass house is elaborate and breathtaking . It alone makes the movie worth checking out . The cast is somewhat all-star with Tony Shaloub , Shannon Elizabeth , and Matthew Lillard , all giving decent performances . Aside from that , the real reason I was compelled to write this review was due to the main topic of the movie , the thirteen ghosts , which are also the reason I gave the two-star rating.The ghosts are all very different and original , and in their conceptual form -LRB- the drawings of them we see and can be seen in the extras -RRB- , have a very high potential to be really creepy . Yet when they are brought to life in the movie , they just do n't convey nearly the same feeling . When I saw them , I was n't pulled into the scene . I was n't seeing them as paranormal entities . All I saw was quite a bit of make-up on very real and physical actors . Look at the kid with the bat . He was a total joke of a ghost . I will give credit to the Jackal and the Witch though . They were the only 2 that began to creep me out . I just feel that more effects added to them in post production would have helped . I would recommend House on Haunted Hill -LRB- remake -RRB- for some good ghosts and creepiness . I say that not because I think H on HH is the best or scariest movie ever made , but it delivers where Thirteen Ghosts does not .
 When I normally review a movie , I tend to review movies that I liked , but this is an exception.When I started watching this movie I was more than eager to see how it would turn out ; after all , it was written by Robb White , the same person who wrote House on Haunted Hill . But as I emmerced myself in it 's `` plot '' I could n't help but to notice that it was nothing more than a different version of House on Haunted Hill . However , unlike House on Haunted Hill , this movie tends to lack substance . Sure , it had a concept behind it , but a bleak one at that.By the end of the movie I was highly dissatisfied at it 's lack of a thicker plot . It left me empty and wanting more insight to the story . I wo n't put any detail in my review about the actual plot as it would spoil it for those that _ might _ actually want to see it.I apologize to those that thought this movie deserves 5 stars , but it truly does n't .
 From the moment this movie started I could tell it was going to be a dud . Sure enough , that 's how it ended up . The only thing I liked about this movie was some of the costumes/effects that were used for the monsters and such . However , the acting , storyline and just about everything else was a major let down . I gave this movie 2 stars for the simple fact that Shannon Elizabeth was in it -LRB- hot -RRB- , and that some of the costumes were nicely done . Do n't waste your money on this one , it 's so bad you can even spot camera men and guys who hold the microphone boom in several shots .
 This uninspired remake is terrible . You should buy the original 1960 version instead . Or at least , watch the 1960 version first , then you may like this film somewhat better.There are nifty improvements in this newer version , such as the glass walls and the ghosts being imprisoned in their own rooms ... but I still found it FORGETTABLE and TYPICAL ...
 Im sorry but I have to say that this movie , may just be the worst movie ever made . Okay maybe not the worst movie but still an extremly boring one . Honestly , I feel asleep for 5 minutes while waching this movie . Good actors is the only thing this movie has going for it . The actual acting is n't as good . But anyways thirteen ghosts is based on an uncle who is willing to let his brother and his kids live at his house filled with ghosts whom he is studying . It 's based on a movie made a while back -LRB- ca n't remember what year -RRB- but that movie was supposedly a good movie -LRB- I 've never seen it . -RRB- For most of my friends this movie did alot for them . But this movie did absolutley nothing for me - didnt scare , didnt have anything new or exciting . Maybe the old movie was better but the antics in this movie just bored me . Id rather watch a Paul Walker movie , yes you heard me right Paul Walker - one of the worst actors I 've ever seen.If you want to laugh at supposed to be scary parts wondering if that part was supoosed to be scary , and if you want to fall asleep at the sametime then this is your movie . But If you wan na watch something thats actually scary try The Sixth Sense , The Excorsist , Hannibal , Silence Of The Lambs or The Ring
 This movie is sure to be one of Tony Shaloub 's ' I wish I had said no '' movies . I only saw it because I really like the guy , and I am a minor fan of the original movie . To say I was disappointed is a major understatement . Its like saying this is simply a very bad movie.It is nothing more than a shockfest , and the filming is done so ineptly that you ca n't even really be shocked by what your seeing . There is n't enough time . It jerks around from scene to scene , real time to , I suppose , ghost time ; blood -LRB- lots and lots of blood -RRB- and guts to pristine glass . Maybe there was supposed to be some sort of story within the story , but I already saw the original and knew what potential was there for a really good , fun , cool movie.What I found really disappointing was the characters , that of the ghosts and of the `` living '' people . In the original , you almost feel sorry for these lost souls that are trapped in the house . These ghosts were just gory cartoonish objects that you felt nothing for . The main characters ? ... . you simply did n't care what happens to them.To be honest , I did n't even watch the whole thing . It gave me a headache .
 I saw the original , and it was campy fun . I was afarid this movie would be too gross for me . It was n't . The trueth is that the movie was too stupid for me . The dialog is pathetically bad , and the story line is absurd . The movie attempted to be shocking , but was n't really . Nor was it spooky or scarey . I love a good ghost story , but this was pathetic . There was no rhyme or reason to this movie . It was incoherent . Apparently , the producers felt that money alone was enough to make a good movie . They were wrong.I gave this a 1 star , because there are no zero star ratings.The only good thing I can say about this movie , is that it -LRB- inadvertantly -RRB- made me laugh . A lot.Don ' t buy this movie , do n't rent it , do n't even watch it for free.One more note - my wife , found that the constant * flashing * in this movie made her queezy .
 There are so many plot holes in this movie . I do n't why the lawyer needs to contact the family when his intention is to steal the money in the glass house . That dude has the key , and I lost count the ghosts . Midget ghost , nude ghost , baseball bat ghost ... Do yourself a favour , DO N'T WATCH THIS SUCKER !! The only reason I watched the whole movie because I was trying to learn English .
 I love scary movies , but this one-wasn ` t.Weak charactors , badacting , weak plot , lackluster makeup . If MST3000 needs some new material , this would be a good choice ... The casting was a big part of the problem . Putting Tony Shalhoub into the lead ? What were they thinking . The man has the charisma of a rotting carp -- in fact , the hope of seeing him die a horrible death was the only thing that cheered an otherwise dismal viewing experience ... -LRB- Only that hope , as all others in this film , disapointed ... -RRB- Watching him struggle throughthe role was painful indeed ... The script had MANY flaws . Another cheap Cthulu rippoff , and not in the good Evil Dead way ... Twelve ghosts , but you don ' y actually get to see most of them do much -- three of the ghosts get most of the scarry action , and another a little screen tim , but the others are just background ... -LRB- The Angry Princess gets a lot of screen time , for the two most obvious reasons . She is actually the scarriest ghost as well ... -RRB- The plot is predictable ; the only turns -LRB- SPOILER_sort of , , , -RRB- either so obvious -LRB- that the evil rich uncle had an evil aggenda -RRB- astobe beneath notice , or utterly unexplained -LRB- that the enemy of the evil uncle was actually devoted to his service ... OK , but why ? -RRB- Some obvious plot holes -LRB- the family is destitute , but can affor to keep domestic staff ... -RRB- round out the bland silliness.Only it is n't SUPPOSED to be silly ... Do yourself a favor ; rent the original , or Evil Deads new remaster . Do NOT buy this product --
 I made it maybe 20 minutes into this utterly lousy film before the breathtakingly bad , poorly-delivered dialog forced me to pop it out of my DVD . -LRB- I swear I heard a clearly audible sigh of relief from the old Sony player when I did so -RRB- . Now , I 'm told that the ghosts in this thing are verrrry verrry scary -LRB- did n't make it far enough to actually see them -RRB- , and the house is pretty cool -LRB- ditto -RRB- , so the viewers ' prudent employment of the mute button whenever one of the `` actors '' begin to move their lips might just make this thing watchable . Unless one can lip-read , of course .
 `` Thirteen Ghosts '' was probably one of the most terrible movies to come out last year . This movie failed at everything it was trying to do . It tried to be scary and funny at the same time , which never works anyway , and failed at both . It tried to create an emotional ending with the father and his children and that is where most failure took place . Absolutely horrid ending to go along with a horrid movie . Plus the acting was just bad . You might as well just go rent `` House On Haunted Hill '' again .
 Worst movie I have seen to date and that is saying a lot since I watched Moulin Rouge . I guess I can say that the scariest part of the movie was the acting . It was atrocious ! Obviously no one who took part in the recreation of this film took into consideration the audience . Special effects lacked especially for this day and age . Total movie was not believable , starting with the very beginning . How can you live in a cramped apartment barely making ends meet , but still able to have a Nanny for your son .
 If you have already checked out any other reviews for this movie , you have probably already been exposed to the `` but the house was REALLY cool '' comments.Sad to say , the only really cool part of this movie IS the house.The ghosts are not scary and the strobe effect that accompanies them only heightens your desire to turn the movie off.I 'll come clean and admit that I have never seen the original ; but as far as this bad boy is concerned ... I must quote an old friend of mine . `` Poop , just poop '' . Go watch the remake of House on Haunted Hill again . At least it was a fun movie . . up until that stupid ghost pulling the chain ending ... but do n't get me started.Peace .
 Thirteen Ghosts is about a machine . This machine was designed by a Man who was at the time possessed my Satan . Yes , Satan . If the plot does n't seem stupid enough , it needs Ghosts to power it . Ghostbusters anyone ? At the start we watch a ghost hunting scene with a ghost that looks it belongs in a Michael J Fox movie . As time progresses you find out that the ` demonic machine ' needs to be powered by ghosts . If done right , it opens the ` Eye to Hell ' . Save yourself a few bucks and do n't rent this . It 's awful
 Defenitely not . Actors play OK and the directing is fine but the real star is , in fact , the house itself
 Yikes ! What a complete waste of time . The scariest thing about this movie is the knowledge that there are several more bona-fide William Castle classics for these hacks at `` Dark Castle Entertainment '' to butcher . Wrap your short-attention spans around this
 I recently watched this movie and let me save you some time , DO N'T see it . It is the classic bore of action horror . A little boy going down into a cellar to check out ghostly screams and whispers . Then running away only to trip and fall . Then to make it worst the kids family SPLITS up to find this kid in the same area . The entire plot is unbelieveable and does the classic -LRB- stuff -RRB- bad horror movies do . It is not scarry , only aggravating . If I could have given this movie a comparison I would compare it to Attack of the killer tomatoes with better special effects . That is how bad it was .
 I 'm no critic , and I still dislike this movie . . The acting was poor . . it 's as if they 're reading from scripts they 've only just been handed an hour prior to filming . The plot was terribly predictable . . even without all of the overblown foreshadowing . The set was amazing and the effects skillfully done , but all wasted by an anti-climactic , snore of a story line . If you 're hoping to get that frightening little rush that we sometimes enjoy so much from watching a horror flik , save your money . . this one has absolutely nothing to offer .
 The storyline/contents have been fully described in numerous prior reviews , so wo n't repeat any of that . The house and gizmos were neatly done and interesting - for awhile . The ghosts were n't visible for long enough to have what could have been a much greater impact , assuming , of course , a more interesting plot . The characters were mostly really annoying and I hoped something nasty would happen to them , especially to that icky little kid , who used a chirpy tone and gleeful expression when informing someone that his mother had been burned to death , and his boring , bratty sister . Tony Shalhoub 's character was wimpy and beaten and no fun either .
 This is without a doubt the worst remake/extension of a former very poor movie at best . Please do n't waste your money as i did purchasing this movie in any form . It is neither scary or suspenseful . Rent it first if you must but let buyer beware .
 It 's really not my fault that I went to this movie . I was bribed into it , so I only paid half price . But , now I think it was n't even worth that.A couple of the effects were n't too bad when the spirits were stuck behind glass walls . Some of them were pretty scary looking , but I was n't very scared watching it . I was actually irritated every time there was a flash -LRB- mostly when the characters had the `` special glasses '' on -RRB- my eyes are pretty sensitive and it burned when I saw the white light , which was pretty often.I 'm not into `` Hollywood '' movies that cater to the public anyway , but you know its bad when they have such stupid humor like `` I 'm stuck in a house with a bunch of crazy white folks . '' Or use someone like Shannon Elizabeth who ca n't be taken seriously as an actress anyway . Most of the movie has the characters chasing each other around a glass house , running away from spirits who ca n't get past the glass walls because of the `` entrapment spells '' or whatever.Save your money ... or at least get someone to pay for half of it . : -RRB-
 13 GHOSTS had the potential to be a classic remake of the goofy 50s version . Unfortunately , a cool premise and decent characters are pretty much wasted . The major problem is the pacing . 13G flies by at an insane speed , never really spending enough time on anything . I liked most of the ghosts , but they were reduced to spooky flashes that had no fright-power . The HOUSE ON HAUNTED HILL remake took a zany , old Vincent Price movie and turned it into a modern classic . 13G is absolutely hollow by comparison ...
 this remake of the better than ever original is loud , crude , gory , and worst of all DULL !!!!! a waste of time and not one real fright to be had . buy the original instead .
 One word describes this movie
 I disliked this one . some people thought it was scary and cool and I thought it was just plain idiotic and noncool . this one a horrible horror flick and it just got worse as it went along . the ending was pitiful and the actors wasted there good talent ont his one . my addvice to you people , dont watch it or buy it
 This movie is weak !!! This movie is kinda like `` The Haunting '' meets `` Lord of the Rings . '' It 's more SCI-FI than Horror . Story revolving around some billionaire , hunting ghosts for a living , trying to collect the 13 Ghosts that would open the doors of hell ; he later invites his nephew 's family to spend the night in his mansion filled with these ridiculous looking ghosts w / these ridiculous names like `` The Hammer '' and my favorite `` The Angry Princess '' -LRB- Now we know why she 's angry ... being in this movie after all -RRB- . Yup , it gets ridiculously cheesy by the minute . I felt like I was watching a horrible remake of Ghostbusters . At least Ghostbusters was fun and entertaining.Really bad acting does n't help this movie either . Shannon Elizabeth 's one liners like `` This bathroom is amazing ! '' runs through out the course of this movie . I mean everyone , even Tony Shalhoub are given stupid ridiculous high-school-drama one-liners . Matt Willard was probably the only decent actor in this movie . ... Most important of all , this movie was not even scary ! NOT SCARY ! It 's actually more gross than anything else . This is not a haunted house type of movie at all.The ending is probably the cheesiest , most stupidest , and laughable ending I 've seen in a while . ...
 In my opinion , this film its no scary . Dark Castle Enterainment produce this film , and also produce The House on Haunted Hill , so both films are allmost the same . This one , is more boring , because it doesnt make you belive that the things that happen are `` true '' . The music its not good , and maybe the sounds are scary . I think the story is good , but they dont make a good film .
 ... only slightly better than the 60s classic `` The Mask '' , -LRB- the Wm Castle like one , not the Carrey one -RRB- but that moovy had the thrill of 3D scenes which required green and red lensed shades to allow the melting eyeballs and floating skulls to have a truly frightening effect on the audience . This moovy goes for the gross-out . The lawyer ` gets it ' the worst ... Well , in my opinion , the viewer ` gets it ' , too . The loss of wallet content from the rental or purchase of this product .
 This movie is not worth watching . It 's not scary , it has a dumb story line , and poor characters . The only good part was the look of the ghosts themselves . If someone took the ghosts in this movie and put them to another script , it would be much better . Lastly , the acting -LSB- stinks -RSB- ! Rent , if you really want to see it -- buy , if you or a relative acted in this movie ... because it might be the last one you/they are in .
 There 's nothing like a good ghost story to get the juices flowing , and not one that merely opens a creaky closet door and says , `` Boo ! '' but one that grabs ! you by the nape of the neck and commands your attention with a bona fide scare . Unfortunately , such films are few and far between , and though `` Thir13en Ghosts , '' directed by Steve Beck , is perhaps not the `` Grand Guignol '' it aspires to be , it is nevertheless a valiant attempt and will do in a pinch . And it does have the added bonus of having something of a unique twist to it
 I was very hesitant about seeing this movie . I have heard not so good things about it from almost everyone who has seen it . I was expecting to not like it . Well , I was pleasantly surprised . Is it a great movie ? . God no . Is it fun ? . Oh yeah . I found myself enjoying the movie . Former `` Wings '' co-star Tony Shalhoub and his family , including red hot Shannon Elizabeth as his daughter , his little son , and a cliched black nanny , inherit his recently deceased Uncle Cyrus ' weird house made entirely of glass . It appears that the uncle collected ghosts and has them locked up in containment cells in the basement . Well , naturally , something happens and the ghosts are set free . Our new owners are locked in the house and must battle the ghosties . The catch is that you can only see them when wearing these special glasses . I wo n't delve too much into what happens so as not too ruin it for anybody who might see it . F. Murray Abraham co-stars as Uncle Cyrus . Mr. Abraham , have things been this bad since your oscar winning performance in `` Amadeus '' ? . This movie is n't going to set the cinema on fire , or overly impress most people , but it is solid entertainment . I was expecting to hate it after hearing other people , but I enjoyed it quite a lot . Matthew Lillard and his drool also appear . Is it just me or does he drool a lot ? . He did in `` Scream '' and he does in here too . Shannon Elizabeth looks great , but her role is just a typical ` damsel in distress ` thing . Rah Digga as the nanny was a horrible cliche . A black character as nothing better than a nanny . It gets worse folks . She is also there to chime in with the typical comical one liners at the most inopportune time . So stereotypical . This is 2002 you filmmakers . Ca n't we do something better with a character than that ?! . I guess not . I do have to say that some of the ghosts were downright creepy . Even if you dislike the movie , you have to admit that the make-up was great , which it was , and that the ghosts were really good . They were . This is the only recent 're - make ' of an old horror movie that I have liked . Sure I still dream of the old days when movies were scary without CGI and effects and were just meant to be scary , but this movie managed to have a little of both . The make-up was great and the ghosts themselves were eerie . A couple death scenes were quite cool too . The first 10 minutes or so were pretty interesting to watch . `` 13 Ghosts '' is not a winner by any stretch of the imagination . No one is going to feel smarter after watching it . It 's just entertainment and entertain it did . At least for me . Two and a half stars .
 Thirteen Ghosts , the latest film from the Dark Castle production company , is a freakish , mind bending trip . Unfortunately , plot takes a backseat to oddity in this so so shockfest.The story , or lack thereof , centers around a widower and his family that inherits an enormous home in the middle of nowhere . The strange thing is , the house is almost totally constructed of glass . The original owner of the house , F. Murray Abraham , had quite an unusual hobby . He collected ghosts , which he kept in containment cubes in the basement . These are n't your run of the mill spirits either . In life , these spirits were tortured souls , and are now seeking their revenge . Not surprisingly , the spirits are released , and the family has to run for their lives . Sound familiar ? Its because the plot of Dark Castle 's other film , House on Haunted Hill , had a very similar storyline.Unfortunately for 13 Ghosts , House on Haunted Hill worked much better , due to its large number of A-list stars . Trading in top performers like Geoffrey Rush and Famke Jannsen for one hit wonders like Matthew Lillard and Shannon Elizabeth was n't a smart move.Realizing that they did n't have much in the way of story or cast , the producers have upped the ante in terms of gore and thrills . The ghosts are quite frightening , and many of the scenes will make you jump.The DVD contains several interesting features , which are actually better than the movie itself . The best of these are the individual biography files of the twelve ghosts . This section is hosted by F. Murray Abraham , who gives the viewer a sixty second rundown of how the ghost came to be , and why he chose them for his collection.Overall , 13 Ghosts is a marginal film , but nothing worth raving over . Definitely rent this before buying it if you have n't seen the film .
 While the idea for this movie may have been intriguing , it needed to be developed more . The story felt slapped together , and I had a hard time maintaining my interest through the film , it was a chore to sit through but I wanted to see how it ended , got dang it ! Finally we see the reason for 13 ghosts and why the house is the way it is , but honestly , it was just too unbelievable for me . The only nice thing about the whole movie was the glass house and its creative design .
 A remake of William Castle 's 13 Ghosts from 1960 , this new version differs considerably from the first . Arthur Kriticos , gentle math teacher , is the nephew of a evil scientist named Cyrus Kriticos . Arthur is mourning the loss of his wife and all their belongings when Cyrus dies and leaves him a bizarre house of glass . Inside are trapped 12 ghosts ; angry and demented , they 'll attack anyone who comes near . Arthur and his remaining family becomes trapped in the house with their housekeeper and a ghost hunter who helped build the house . With the help of special glasses that allow them to see the ghosts , and a handful of spells , they must evade the ghosts and find a way out before one of them becomes the 13th ghost ! An `` almost '' movie that could have been good if the house had not become the star of the show.The house . It is a bizarre cube of glass and gears that ticks around like a clockwork . Strange inscriptions are engraved in the glass walls . At the house the family also meets a ghost hunter , Joshua Rafkin , -LSB- Adam Kaminsky -RSB- who helped to build it . The cube , we learn almost immediately through some quick exposition by Joshua , is actually a containment device holding 12 ghosts -- 11 who are extremely angry and quite demented , and 1 who is well known to the family
 spiffy idea , utterly lame movie.cool poster tho.as for the movie itself , sigh ... dont studios have a meeting about the end result?one would think that some big shot would have executed the producers for such slop.there are soooooooooooo many horrendous movies being shoved in my face im starting to think theres a conspiracy.but im sure , like most junk being reveiwed here , this reveiw will be scoffed at.audiences nowadays are so used to mediocrity -LRB- hence the rave reveiws for the epic romeo must die -RRB- that bright colors and loud noises are now the ingredients to a great movie.i also foresee great reveiws for the soon to be for rent '' the wash '' '' black knight '' '' bones '' '' how high '' '' out cold '' '' rush hour 2 '' and anything MTV may release.i can type with a high accuracy rate that many of those who like movies mentioned here , own/like britney spares , her clones , any collection of 5 people dancing/yelping , and any rapper that looks angry.sigh
 This is probably one of the worst horror movies in recent years . Robert Zemekis should be ashamed of himself . The film is edited at such an MTV po-mo fast pace that it never bothers to wonder if its scaring the audience . The script is just bad - not even laughable - and the only scary thing about it is how burned you 'll feel for spending ANY amount of money on it . BEWARE !!!!
 Dude , that one scene when that lady with the box on her head was all `` WAAAAAAHHHHHH ! '' And that chick from American Pie was all `` WAAAAAAHHHHHH ! '' And then the taxi driver from Wings was all like `` I got ta find my kid ! '' Awesome , dude . But that big fat guy with the midget lady ? Man , that was just creepy .
 While viewing this film I could not help but be offended by the way the character of the family babysitter was written . They wrote the character to be a black female who wanders around with a stupid expression making stupid choices while being the one who hammers out the profanity and the one liners as comic relief . Why do movie producers feel this kind of depiction of blacks in film is okay ? There are quite a few scenes in this movie that are so sterotypical it is almost sick , namely one towards the end of the movie where the babysitter is `` saving the day '' by messing around with dials in the control room of the house and if one listens carefully , the sounds she makes with the dials are that of a rap groove . Really offensive !! This is a really bad example of how shallow those in coorporate seats have become to racisim in our pop culture . I thought we had moved past this mindset years ago .
 GRANTED I ONLY SPENT 4 DOLLARS , BUT , I SHOULD AT LEAST BE ABLE TO WATCH THE CRAPPY MOVIE I CHOSE . IF U HAVE A DVD THAT U CA N'T WATCH YOURSELF YOU SHOULD N'T SELL IT TO MAKE A FEW DOLLARS .
 13 - Monk should stick to Monk12 - The ghosts are n't scary11 - Matthew Lillard is annoying10 - The very first scene says it all -LRB- stupid -RRB- 9 - There are no real jump scenes8 - The script is lame7 - Shannon Elizabeth keeps her top on6 - The cool house is n't really all that cool5 - The acting is atrocious4 - Did I mention that Lillard is annoying ? 3 - And so is that little kid2 - The premise is retarded1 - You 'll regret it if you do n't !
 Misses the mark . A great idea bogged down by a bad film . This had so much potential , but the execution was just sad and borderline pathetic . If it had n't been for the the enjoyable death of the attorney , I 'd have given this just one star . The `` ghosts '' were fun to watch , as well as well thought out . Too bad they were not better developed as true `` characters '' in the film . The `` real '' characters were shallow and uninteresting . The only one we cared about -LRB- the psychic -RRB- was underutilized . Overall , a waste of time .
 After watching this movie , I thought that it was your normal Horror movie . There was nothing that separated this movie from others in the genre and did n't have anything it that made it unique.The storyline was decent , more of a fantasy type because nothing like this would really happen in real life , but overall I thought the storyline was decent nothing better.The way the ghosts looked were actually pretty cool . They did a good job with the way they looked and acted . The acting of the main actors was alright at times , and other times it sucked . This is supposed to be a straight horror movie , but then you find some cheesy comedy here and there which kind of kills the vibe because in the situation these people are in , theres no way they would be joking around the way they did at times.There was a small climax in the movie , but after its all said and done , it does n't really leave you feeling like `` wow , that was intense '' . Overall I 'll say this , if your looking for a decent horror with some gore here and there , check this out but I do not think its worth a buy .
 1 . Scare factor -- None .2 . Visual effects -- Nicely done , but fairly typical for Hollywood films .3 . The house -- It 's really a `` machine '' but still pretty cool . Nice concept .4 . The plot -- Dumb .5 . The acting -- Workmanlike . Not bad , not great . Just OK . It would n't be a `` horror '' film if some of the actors did n't overact .6 . The dialog -- What you would expect for the -LRB- cheesy -RRB- remake of an old horror film . I ca n't believe F. Murray Abraham signed on to do this movie .7 . The ghosts -- Interesting and gory but not scary . See scare factor .8 . Matthew Lillard -- Annoying .9 . DVD extas -- Solid . If you care for the movie at all , one DVD extra feature gives the background for the ghosts .10 . The Angry Princess -- Gratuitous nudity .11 . Better than the original ? -- I have not yet seen the original , but this version makes me curious about William Castle 's 1960 `` classic , '' which was originally shown in 3D .12 . Good movie for Halloween ? -- No . See scare factor .13 . Rent , do n't buy -- If you 're inclined to see it , rent it . It 's not worth buying . You 'll probably only watch it once .
 ... well , you know -LRB- if you 've seen John Carpenter 's They Live that is -RRB- . 13 Ghosts takes the quaint little haunted house comedy by William Castle and tosses it into a blender with A Nightmare on Elm Street 3 and 4 -LRB- where it lifts its autoyard sequence -RRB- and Dark Castle 's high octane remake of The House on Haunted Hill -LRB- where it takes everything else -RRB- and mixes up a rancid milkshake of a movie . Plotless -LRB- I 've read the they started shooting the movie with an incomplete script , boy does THAT show -RRB- and pointless -LRB- having seen the exact same scenario played out in a far better manner in The House on Haunted Hill -RRB- , 13 Ghosts is an utter waste of time . Stay with the House on the Hill , you 'll be glad you did .
 What can I say besides this movie is average AT BEST . Yes , the ghosts look cool but its all downhill from there . The acting is horrendous , except for Tony Shalhoub who gives a typically strong performance . The scares are virtually non-existant save for a few jolts only caused by sudden loud bangs following silence . The story is a corny haunted house-inhabited by ghosts one , upgraded technologically . If you 're looking for a good horror movie , look elsewhere . If you 're looking for a scary movie , also look elsewhere . If you have you 're heart set on a haunted house movie , go with the original -LRB- 1963 -RRB- The Haunting or The Changeling -LRB- 1980 -RRB- . But if you must have a recent one , 1999 's House on Haunted Hill is superior to Thirteen Ghosts .
 This movie -LRB- ... -RRB- had so much going for it . The storyline was a really orignal adaption from the 1960 version of this movie . The house was absolutely beautiful , which you hardly get to see -LRB- ... -RRB- , and it has some of the most innovative special effects I have seen in a long time , and the ghosts were incredible . -LRB- ... -RRB- the direction in this film is awful . I compare it to the direction in `` HouseGuest '' with Sinbad . What 's the comparison ? The fact that the camera angle changes every freakin ' second . This gave me such a headache , although it was cool while the ghosts were in sight , since they helped to draw away from the constant scene changes , it also made it hard to get a real look at the ghosts . And about the ghosts here , why could n't they have given a little more information about the ghosts before we actually show them . It 's like we see the ghosts , who are visually explainable , and then we are given an explanation . Plus it seems that half the time only one or two ghosts are really having any impact on the movie at all , the others are just there to count as a number . Getting back to the directing at hand , I would now have to go off on what was in the director 's mind . It 's like he was trying to make a scene that had no reason in being scary at all seem scary . Like when the family is babbling about their apartment and then a lawyer is shown walking down the hallway extremely slowly . Why is he walking so slow ? Do n't ask me . And the director does this throughout the movie . Completely pointless . Plus the acting is mind-numbingly irritating -LRB- ... -RRB-
 Even stupider than the first . Yes it 's that bad . At least the first was funny . This was just stupid . Nothing scary here . It is a movie you can laugh at with your buds though . Does n't matter when you watch it , in the dark or 2 in the afternoon . This flick wo n't effect you at all .
 This was one of the worst movies I have ever seen , and I am a huge HORROR movie fan . There is no sympathy for any of the victims/characters whatsoever , as they are all rather unlikeable . A total waste of time and money -LRB- unfortunately I bought the darn thing -RRB- Rent it first if you feel you must , but trust me on this one . BAD , BAD , BAD ! It does n't even deserve ONE star .
 This movie was not only bad , it was insulting . A family inherits a glass house and discovers that it 's really a death trap designed by the devil . Oh and their are some extremely ugly , exteremly angry ghosts in it.The character of the nanny was a huge step back for black actors . She was dumb , loud and at one point does a turntable rap effect . She also spend the whole movie cursing , whinning and rolling her eyes and showing her teeth . Had this been made in 1921 all this would be excusable but for 2001 it was shocking.As for the rest of the movie there are too many plot holes and poor dialouge to make it worth your while .
 Thirteen Ghosts fails as a horror movie in many ways . Firstly , the acting is inadequate even for a B-movie . The writing is poor ; this movie has a plot that is paper-thin . The makeup is effective , however , there is no suspense , and in fact the scare factor is on the level of a Saturday morning cartoon . My recommendation is
 This movie will appeal to fans of loud , fast-paced , special effects movies that lack plot and character development , but keep you watching nonetheless . It is based upon William Castle 's 1960 film , which , although cheesy and dated , is actually a better film than this remake . Even having seen the previous version , it still took a long time for me to understand what exactly was going on here . This movie spends more time developing the `` characters '' of the ghosts than it does with the living people in the film . The characters are completely unmemorable . The wisecracking housekeeper was clearly added for comic relief , but seems out of place in this movie . I 'm not saying the acting was bad -LRB- you ca n't do better than F. Murray Abraham -RRB- , but you do n't learn enough about any of these people to care about them . Some of them die , and you 're left thinking , `` Who cares ? '' Only the bare essentials of the original 's plot is used , and very little of anything new was added . The scene in which the mother , who was alive in the original but has been killed in a fire here , comes back in ghost-form to tell the family how much she still cares is sheer hokiness . We , as an audience , do n't care at all about these people , and even less about her . Sure the new house looks kinda cool , but the original was much creepier and came complete with a built-in Margaret Hamilton . And the `` ghost viewers '' , which were handed out to movie theater patrons in 1960 -LRB- and are included in the DVD of the original version -RRB- , are only worn by the actors in this version , and look like something the costume department bought by the gross at 68 cents a pair . At least the one in the original movie showed some imagination . See this movie if you must , but I recommend seeing the original also , so you can make your own comparison .
 I 'm all for scary movies , but this one is just ridiculously bad . Sure , the set is stylish , but the manic way in which the film is presented is preposterous and obnoxious and downright annoying . It 's funny to me when people try and describe the plot , like it matters . `` The film is about a struggling family who inherits a strange...yada-yada-yada . '' Seriously , this film does n't deserve a synopsis . I once wrote a review detailing 13 reasons to turn this movie off and I stand by every one of them . This movie is annoying , it is n't scary , it is STUPID -LRB- yes , with all capital letters -RRB- , the acting is atrocious and Shannon Elizabeth keeps her top on . The house , I digress , is kind of cool -LRB- conceptually -RRB- but the gimmick wares out its welcome when it has nothing of substantial weight to back it up . The ghosts are more clich&eacute;d and ridiculous than actually scary and the comical overtones to this film make it appear more of a campy D-grade ` straight to DVD ' type film with absolutely no real redeeming factors . Matthew Lillard sets a new standard for bad acting with his over-the-top theatrics -LRB- I 'm so glad he never really turned into a big star -RRB- . With one of the worst opening scenes I 've ever seen put to film , this trashy remake of a 60 's film I 've never seen remains a skid mark on my cinematic viewing pleasure .
 This movie is n't just lousy ... anybody with no budget and a couple of drunk buddies can make a lousy horror flick.This movie is INSULTING . Though an obviously large amount of cash was thrown at this project , the dialogue is IDIOTIC at best , the jokes are unfunny , and the premise is ridiculous.You know how frustrating it is to see unbelievably dumb characters say and do unbelievable dumb things in horror flicks ? All the while spouting innane one-liners ? Well , this movie re-wrote the book on all of that . You 'll be BEGGING the monsters to kill these idiots .
 A complete labyrinth of confusion , I could not explain what this movie was supposed to be about in a gazillion years . There 's a family whose mom gets burnt in a fire and they are left a house by a rich uncle . Easy enough , but then the house is not really a house at all , more like a maze , surrounded by nothing but glass , glass walls inside and outside , corridors leading nowhere , strange combinations and sequences of events lead to ... well , nothing actually . Not only was it really stupid , it was pointless . At least , if there was a point or a plot or a theme or a message , it was hidden very well under a haze of badly put together scenes . Too bad , I was really looking forward to a good horror flick . If you are looking forward to a new adventure in horror , do n't bother with this one .
 I am a great fan of classic horror . Not nonsense where 80 % of the cast dies in some horrid and grisly way , but true spinetingly , psychologically frightening film.Frankly , this film appalled me because it never really accomplished anything except an exceptional show of special effects . The villain in the story appears to be a madman bent on opening the Eye of Hell to aquire great power -LRB- the fact that he will ruin the entire world does n't seem to matter much . -RRB- He has created an exquisite house designed to trap and hold thirteen ghosts . Each ghost has to meet certain requirements in order to provide said villain with the powers to open the gate . Needless to say , the ghosts are all unique and interesting make-up jobs and though they sometimes chase after and horrify the house 's human occupants -LRB- the villain 's widowed nephew , a housekeeper , and the nephew 's two children , -RRB- they rarely ever interact with them.The bulk of the film consists of the chracters getting seperated and lost in the house as the ghosts are wandering about . Accompanied by a young psychic man who helped trap the ghosts to begin with and wants to help the family -LRB- in my opinion the only redeeming feature of the movie as he seems the most developed character -RRB- the family eventually discovers and defeats the crazed uncle 's diabolical plans through a little luck and the power of love beyond the grave.The problem with this film is that the plot lacks real substance . At the end one is left wondering what the whole point of the film is . The storyline , at best , is weak , lacking detail and interest . Consequently , it was difficult for me to find this film genuinely frightening or even disturbing because it just never tells a coherent story , much less a frightening one.Save your money -- and your time .
 The newest movie to get a bad remake is `` 13 Ghosts '' . It 's based loosely on the original William Castle movie made in the 1960 's -1950 . Other than that that just about all it shares in common with the original . If you like the other William Castle remake of `` House on Haunted Hill '' -LRB- another remake that did not to be done , you might like this . This movie is a mess , with too many plot holes . too many special effects etc. . Also why could ` nt people watching the movie wear special glasses like they did with the original movie ? Having the actors wear them was pretty lame.If you like any of the movie stars fine but I 'd rate it as one of 2001 's worst movies ! I wonder why Matthew Lillard was in this movie ? Maybe he has a contract with Warner Brothers?As for me , I wish I spent the movie I used watching this trash and bought the original on DVD . Please Hollywood stop remaking classic movies and just release the original movie instead !
 This was worse then the re-make of ` House On Haunted Hill ' ! Why ... ?! 1 . The whole pace of the movie and chain of eventsin this movie were exactly the same as they were in ` House On Haunted Hill ' ! 2 . It was another gore-fest ! 3 . The actors were not that good ! 4 . It would have been better if we learned moreabout each of the ghosts and where they came from ... 5 . Again the movie does not deliver one good ` BOO ' ! Again it was another gore-fest that did n't seem to have much of apoint to it ... ! My grade
 In theory , Thirteen Ghosts should be an excellent movie of the macabre . You have the hideous ghosts , a supposedly suspensful plot , it should work out but its does n't . Why ? The charcters!To make a long story short , I never seen such an aggravating , dysfunctional group of people in my life ! The kids drive you nuts , the adults get on your nerves , if you are not careful you actualy start rooting for the ghosts -LRB- who , when you get right down to it , have a good reason for being upset ! -RRB- . Where 's Dark Shadows when you need it ?
 When I saw this film for the first time I was hoping for a good film about ghosts that haunted a house or a castle , the sort of film to make the hair on your arms stand up on end.This film did n't do that for me instead we have ghosts locked up in a glass house which was more like the worlds largest greenhouse.The ghosts looked more like the living dead than ghosts , they looked more like zombies that never made it in the Night Of The Living Dead films.There were some rather sick moments in the film which leaves you wondering if the director and writer had very disturbed minds.The effects were very good in some bits and make up was really good to , but they are only the good sides of this film the rest of this film was a load of rubbish , and makes you wonder if Hollywood film makers have ever seen or read a ghost story in their lives.I would have given this film no stars but the special effects and make up give it just about 1 star a very poor story indeed for a film .
 Cyrus Kriticos -LRB- F. Murray Abraham -RRB- is an adventurer and collector who dies under paranormal circumstances . His nephew Arthur Kriticos -LRB- Tony Shalhoub -RRB- , a recent widower , becomes the heir to his considerable fortune , which includes an amazing house . This wealth emerges in a very suitable moment , since Arthur is struggling financially with two children . However , the house has a terrifying secret that is waiting to be released upon the arriving relatives . Beck uses superb special effects that produce true fear , but they are not balanced with the story leading to an awkward cinematic experience .
 Often I like movies , particularly horror movies , that most others did not like . This was the case for example with `` Ghost Ship '' and `` The House on Haunted Hill '' , two other remakes by the Dark Castle Production Company . I was therefore quite disappointed at just how bad Thirteen Ghosts was . Thirteen Ghosts is a remake of a William Castle picture by the same title . The plot -LRB- such that it is -RRB- centers around a widower 's family who inherits a haunted house . The house is haunted by the ghosts of thirteen tortured souls that were collected by the previous owner . The ghosts are kept in place by a series of spells that create a barrier that they ca n't cross . The catch is that these spells are written on the glass walls of the house . The position of the walls is constantly changed by a series of moving gears within the house , thus changing the boundaries by which the ghosts are held . The ghosts , which can only be seen by special glasses , are quite scary looking . They remind me of Clive Barker 's `` Tortured Souls '' figures . Unfortunately the ghost visuals can not save the movie from poor dialog , lack of plot , and uninteresting characters . There are several scenes that will make you jump , and the gore factor is fairly high , but I would not say the movie is particularly scary . After a while it just gets tedious . Even the most hard core horror fan will likely be disappointed by this flick .
 This seemed to start of with a promising cast and setting . But too soon the plot started going essentially nowhere fast , so sitting through the muddled playing out of the premise was n't a very fun night at the movies . You 'd have to really be into the cast , the mood , the special effects and the gadgetry to make this worth seeing . If not , see LARA CROFT , TOMB RAIDER instead . The latter is not quite a classic , but at least combines similar gadgetry with at bit more lucidity and palatability in its plot .
 The extras on this DVD are better than the movie itself - a bunch of annoying characters - specially the irritating child actor who shall remamin nameless - are trapped in an elaborate haunted house which seems to have been inspired by the `` Hellraiser '' puzzle box . The ghost and the house are imaginative and the behind the scenes features go into their creation . Watch them if you want to but skip this movie
 This movie has just one thing going for it . It has one of the neatest , coolest , trickiest sets -LSB- much of it computer generated to be sure -RSB- I 've seen in awhile . After doing a little investigating , I think I found out why . It seems first-time director Steve Beck used to be a director of visual effects at George Lucas ' Industrial Light and Magic . He is credited with working on ` The Hunt for Red October ' , ` The Abyss ' and ` Indiana Jones and the Lost Crusade ' . I can close my eyes and still see the set designs for those movies , so I assume Mr. Beck is a quite talented artist . '13 Ghosts ' strongly suggests he should have stayed with visuals.The set I refer to is the house where the characters meet the ghosts . It 's actually a huge machine built for the purpose of opening the gates of Hell . It 's all steel and glass , pistons and pulleys , and elaborate revolving engines . This effect was enough for me to give the movie two stars instead of one.The plot and the dialog are inane , and the actors look pained , possibly because this kind of movie is where Once Promising Actors go to die . Earlier in their careers , I was impressed by Matthew Lillard , Shannon Elizabeth and Embeth Davidtz , not to mention F. Murray Abraham . From ` Amadeus ' to THIS ? Hopefully , all the leads will be resurrected soon . The dreadful script and tepid acting , however , are not what make '13 Ghosts ' so awful . After all , horror movies are in a cinematic world of their own . You ca n't fairly apply the standards of most other genres to most of them . -LSB- Note
 Tony Shalhoub is a widower who inherits a giant , glass house from his recently deceased Uncle . Everything 's great for him and his family , except the place is inhabited by ghosts ! Dark Castle 's second haunted house thriller features some very gruesome ghosts -LRB- particularly Shawna Loyer as the Angry Princess -RRB- , a neat sliced-in-half gore effect , and an energetic performance from Matthew Lillard , but this movie is n't nearly as enjoyable as its previous venture -LRB- House on Haunted Hill -RRB- , thanks to Steve Beck 's unbelievably headache-inducing direction , a silly plot that actually `` borrows '' scenes straight from Blade and Casper -LRB- ! -RRB- , and the utter predictability and sickeningly sappy `` love conquers all '' theme .
 boring , awful , waste of time , not even scary .
 This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen . Paper thin plot , bad acting , bad script , bad direction .
 Thirteen ghosts was , simply put , a waste of my time . It would have been more productive to sit and look at a blank wall , than watch 13 ghosts . Main reasons ? Lack of a plot and lack of acting . But the greatest insult ? That it carries the same name as the classic black and white movie.Now I know people do n't expect stellar acting out of a horror movie - and neither do I. I expect camp and a certain amount of bad acting , and even enjoy it -LRB- the words `` I KICK -LRB- ... -RRB- FOR THE LORD ! '' come to mind -RRB- , but not to this extent.A friend of mine told me that the main two actors are actually respected actors , and have done other movies well . If that really is the case , then I hope it was the directing , or something else that caused them to be so ultra-bad . If it is n't intelligence-insulting stupid racial comments -LRB- `` You white people are crazy '' -RRB- that might appeal to the teens and pre-teens , it 's the Scream guy 's attempted deadpan imbecilic humor . The rating on this movie should not have been R - it should have been PG13 , as I ca n't see how it would appeal to the older audience.It 's unfortunate that the trailer for this movie seemed so promising , that I could n't pass up a chance to see it . And if you 're like me , and were intrigued by the moving glass walls , and a promising plot , you 're likely to regret every second afterwards.Thirteen ghosts should be considered the Glitter of horror movies . Rent it , if you have to see what it 's like . But avoid buying it like the plague . And if you want to see something a little more interesting , draw a dot on the ceiling and spend some time on the bed , seeing if it 'll move . I guarantee more fun and time far more productively spent .
 How can I put this ... Oh yeah do n't waste your money!What you can expect from this movie is the same thing you expect out of most horror films ... a big yawn ! I love to watch a truly scary movie and ghost just happen to be my favorite scary topic ; but this movie just did n't cut it . If anything it made me wish I had n't eaten my dinner before I went . I will admit that the movie did get a rise out of me once , but in general I slept pretty well that night ... trust me that 's not a good sign!If you are looking for a truly scary ghost story I would recommend you see `` The other '' staring Nicole Kidman .
 I actually had somewhat expectations for Thirteen Ghosts , considering it was from the same production team that gave us the House on Haunted Hill remake , a mindless , but enjoyable scary thrill ride . Unfortunately , Thirteen Ghosts is mostly mindless , with a handful of good moments here and there , but hardly enough to make this worthwhil to even horror buffs.Tony Shalhoub stars as a teacher whose wife was killed in a fire that burned down their house . Shalhoub and his two kids are in financial troube , but their problems seem to be solved when Shalhoub 's late uncle -LRB- F. Murray Abraham , proving furhter that he 's not nearly as good an actor as his Oscar might indicate -RRB- will his house to his niece . Unlukcy enough for Shalhoub and his family , the entire place locks up and it turns out twelve ghosts inhabit the place and are looking to cause some death and destruction.Thirteen Ghosts is mess , thanks to Steve Beck 's hyperkinetic direction . In true MTV-style , Beck flashes several frames per second , making this an assault on the senses that 's even more unbearable than Stigmata . I do n't understand , does Beck actually believe these quick cuts will generate scares ? Does he believe he 's made a truly frightening film because of this style ? If he does , I feel sorry for the guy because all he 's accomplished is creating doldrums . Yes , Thirteen Ghosts commits the cardinal sin of a Hollywood thrill ride
 This is a 100 % typical Hollywood scary movie and has almost the same technical structure as `` The House On Haunted Hill '' . The only big difference besides the plot is that `` 13 Ghosts '' has contents the more expensive visual effects and with Shannon Elizabeth something nice to be focused on ...
 Very big dissapointment this was . Now , the ghosts were well-done but poorly used . The sound effects were so irritating -LRB- every-time a ghost appears we get the same noise -RRB- , the acting was terrible -LRB- Matthew Lillard is such a hack -RRB- and the story was really dumb and boring . Potentially this could have been a good film with some decent acting , tension , build-up , writing , directing , etc!How many times do I have to watch a friggen pair of glasses fall onto the floor?God this was as boring as an hour in church . Yawnfest .
 So-so movie . It has it 's good parts along with some boring parts but overall , good special effects with the ghosts . There were bloody parts in this movie making it more enjoyable to watch . When a very rich man dies and leaves his state of the art home to his nephew , he moves in with his family only to find out that there are things in the house that he was not aware of ... . many ghosts . Just a OK movie .
 It starts of with a weird guy using a psychic to capture ghosts . Sadly he dies . his relitives inherit his house , but in it are the 12 ghosts he has already captured . These ghosts are evil , and are roaming the house looking for things to kill . The people are trapped in house with ghosts.Ok . . I didnt like it . . the old version of it was better , lamer and funnier .
 I 've read a lot of the reviews for this movie , and I must say that I agree with many of them - good and bad . But in the end , what exactly was this movie supposed to be ? Horror ? Well , it most assuredly was not that . Comedy ? Yes , closer to comedy.Will we ever see a `` horror '' film in which the simple-minded good-guys -LRB- and small children -RRB- DO N'T save the day and triumph over a ridiculously greater and more powerful evil ? I mean ... Come on ! That 's Disney stuff ! `` The Omen ? '' A very good horror flick . Why ? Everybody dies and evil triumphs . `` The Exorcist ? '' Excellent ! Why ? The priests die and the demon escapes . `` Blair Witch ? '' Creepy ! Why ? Everybody dies and the evil entity continues unmatched . `` The Shining ? '' -LRB- I 'm talking about the movie and not the book . -RRB- Haunting ! Why ? The possessed hotel continues even though two people escape . `` 13 Ghosts ? '' Funny . Comic relief every 2 minutes . Even half of the ghosts themselves were laughable . And that babysitter ... Jesus ! What was that character doing in a `` horror '' flic ? She -LRB- the character -RRB- belongs on weekday sitcom.Please please spare me these `` horror '' movies where bad actors/actresses defeat the very powers of Hell and Satan himself ! Leave that stuff for the kiddies to watch on Saturday cartoons.There was truly some dark and evil potential in this movie . It was completely wasted . There were a couple of wicked and horrific monsters here - completely wasted . I immediately went to sleep after this thing and did not give it a second thought . No scary images are even remotely lingering in my thoughts or in my mind . Big disappointment !
 This is without qualification one of the worst movies I have ever seen . It is n't even redeemably laughable . It is confused and difficult to follow . Even Tony Shalhoub , who has more than proved himself in previous efforts , and in his TV series , ca n't help this mess . The only gory or ghastly thing about it is how mangled it has left William Castle 's wonderful film , upon which it is based.See the William Castle film instead . It 's not very frightening , but it is creepy , and will make you feel like a kid at Halloween .
 This movie was terrible and should be named 13 Yawns . The acting was poor and without substance . Not one person did a good job acting their part.From the beginning this movie should have been made for the Sci-Fi channel and not the big screen . I forced myself to watch the entire movie to see if it would have any good scenes , but it failed to deliver one.However , the ghosts were made up very well .
 This film is sooooooooo dull . Bad acting , a so-so story , and not very gory and scary as the cover makes it look . The FX are the only good things in this film .
 One of the worst movies I have seen all year . I was told it was okay , but my God when I saw that movie , there are no words to desribe it . It was horrible in every aspect . Bad acting , bad plot , bad everything . Not even worth the one star I gave . DO NOT SEE THIS MOVIE !
 This movies was a complete waste of time . Do yourself a favor , avoid this ... remake and try to find the original -LRB- made in 1960 i believe -RRB- . I like F. Murray Abraham but I sure would like to know how the producer 's got him to do this -LSB- movie -RSB- . To sum it up , `` beware the buyer ''
 Horror movies are typically just ok at best . I did not have high expectations at all before seeing this movie . This has to be one of the worst movies I have ever seen . Attempts at humor all fall flat . The dialogue is laughable . Had I been drunk then I could have at least given it 2 stars instead of 1 . What a royal waste of my time .
 They call -LSB- stuff -RSB- like this a movie ? This one stole precious minutes away from my life that I will never get back ! ... DO NOT BUY THIS MOVIE ! You will be soooo sorry ! The acting in this movie is on par with ` Saved by the bell ' remember that show ? Well Thirteen Ghosts makes that show look like Casablanca ! In fact this one was so bad that my girlfriend who hates scary movies and is afraid to watch them , fell asleep within 15 minutes into the movie ! Do n't be fooled by the good reviews on this one folks ... . Do n't say I did n't warn you .
 As CSN&Y ; once introduced a song , `` this one starts out slow and then fizzles out altogether '' . Hey , maybe I did n't get the quote right . Well , the movie-makers did n't get this right.Forget the William Castle comparisons - is n't everything a copy of a previous idea these days anyway ? Thirteen Ghosts -LRB- I refuse to use the stupid spelling , thanks -RRB- fails on its own lack of merit . Tony Shaloub -LRB- an underrated actor who does the best he can in this mess -RRB- leads an uninteresting collection of sidekick characters through a formulaic scare plot . There 's the sexy but slightly ditzy daughter , the sassy but hip nanny -LRB- Rah Digga , whose presence here defines tokenism -RRB- , the evil lawyer , the sugar-dosed kid brother who ALWAYS gets away from everyone , and worst , a scenery-chewing idiot -LRB- the always-irritating Matthew Lillard -RRB- who is supposed to link the story together . I was rooting for the ghosts to kill just about every one ; I have n't seen characters this annoying since Shelley Duvall in The Shining.The ghosts themselves are interesting , with decent makeup and masks , but were so over the top as to never generate real fear . When one character referenced the most evil ghost of all , it turned out to be as lame as the rest . The only star of the picture is the amazing house/machine/prison . If the re-writers put half the effort into the story that the set designer did into the house , this might have been mildly entertaining . While the puzzle-box contraption is well thought out and certainly complex -LRB- Hellraiser fans raise your hands -RRB- , the series of narrow hallways in place of spooky rooms made this look more like a lethal game of Pac-Man than a haunted house story . Occasionally funny lines -LRB- the retort when someone asks where the lawyer went is priceless -RRB- but overall the dialogue is ridiculously sophomoric and unrealistic . Yes , I know this is n't a documentary , but Halloween III is Shakespeare compared to this drivel . I used to think Ghost Story was the most disappointing horror movie I had ever seen -LRB- great book , though ! -RRB- , but this one is worse.The sound is good overall , with effects happening in back corners when needed , and the soundtrack is appropriately loud and crude for a slacker-era remake flick . There are decent extras on the DVD , including a `` making-of '' featurette and some back-story on each of the ghosts . The latter is a great idea ; too bad none of the ghosts seemed to have a personality in the movie . If you must check this out , flip the couple of bucks to rent it . The only scary thing about Thirteen Ghosts is -LRB- boo ! -RRB- paying eight bucks to see it in a theatre or -LRB- shudder ! -RRB- twenty bucks to own it ! 2002 Bill Holmes
 I have no sympathy to any of the characters in this movies . They are so annoying ! Too bad the ghosts did n't make micemeat out of them . The character Athur 's childrens are basically brats . They acted like they were living a rich life in the past and later Athur claimed he was just a Math teacher . Hmmmm ... I 'm sorry but this movie was just too confusing . All his bills were `` past due '' and he can afforted to hire a maid ? Save your money . Rent it but DO N'T BUY IT !
 Okay , Dark Castle 's second haunted house thriller wants to be like House on Haunted Hill
 Do n't waste your time or money . We went just before Halloween for the ` chill ' effect . It was n't scary . I admit the house they are trapped in is very interesting and cool , but the characters are shallow and un convincing . The house was the best part of the movie . The outcome was totally obvious . And what 's even worse , most of the characters live . What kind of scary movie leaves all the characters alive except the evil ones ?
 Amazing ! Spectacular ! Stupendous ! Superb ! SIMPLY PHENOMENAL!It 's extraordinary ! . . that this movie was ever even contemplated by a human being with more than 4 brain cells to spare . I mean c'mon ; how low are they going to sink with these idiotic new age piles of dung ? Think about this . . Was there a single character in there that was even remotely creative ? Were any of them * actually * scary ? Does Shannon Elizabeth have any similarity to Tony Shalhoub ? They did n't go overboard with this movie - more like they went under the desk -LRB- you know what I mean -RRB- to get any producer to accept the title as worthy of being viewed by people that are n't blind and deaf . `` That 's all I have to say about that . '' - Forrest Gump
 gore , special effects , bad acting -- typical modern horror movie . have some respect for yourself and the horror genre and stay away . watch `` session 9 '' , a real horror movie , which is largely hated because american audiences are idiots who hate thinking and imagination , which are packed into `` session '' and are comfortably absent in this piece of excrement . uggggggh , i hope the genre does n't die .
 With great pacing , an incredible plot , and clever , well-thought dialogue , you would think this movie would be very good . But somehow , it never quite comes together . I think it comes down to the odd casting choices.The film is a pseudo-documentary revolving around the great actor and country music legend , Billy Ray Cyrus , played by F. Murray Abraham . This itself was an eyebrow-raising decision , but I went along with it . Until about midway through , where F. Murray breaks out into `` Do n't tell my heart , my achy breaky heart . '' I 'm sorry , but the movie lost me right there.The movie also had Antonio from `` Wings '' , being moody a lot . Very moodful . Other members of the cast included a hotter , sexier version of Patricia Heaton from `` Everybody Loves Raymond '' , starring as a vampire killer / ghost hunter , something like that ... Heck , I do n't know . All I know is she was really hot . And when she met her fateful end *** WARNING
 Ghost hunter Cyrus Kriticos -LRB- F.Murray Abraham -RRB- is on a mission to capture the souls of 13 ghosts so that he can unleash a hellish power on Earth . With the assistance of a psychic named Dennis -LRB- Matthew Lillard -RRB- , Cyrus catches 12 souls before being killed on a hunt . Cyrus 's nephew Arthur -LRB- Tony Shaloub -RRB- is a widower with two kids -LRB- Shannon Elizabeth plays the oldest -RRB- and a housekeeper -LRB- Rah Digga -RRB- to support . In financial trouble and in risk of being evicted from his apartment Arthur gets some much needed relief when a lawyer representing Cyrus 's estate shows up at his door . He informs Arthur that he is the inheritor of his uncle 's mansion . The mansion is a spectacular structure made out of glass that Arthur and his family are all too eager to move into . The only problem is that they also inherit the 12 souls that Cyrus captured . Dennis is also there looking for the money Cyrus owed him and together he and Arthur learn that there is a 13th ghost and only Arthur can catch him . This is the second Dark Castle -LRB- a film company created by Joel Silver and Robert Zemeckis that re-imagines the 50 's and 60 's horror films of director William Castle for modern audiences -RRB- film after ` House On Haunted Hill ' . Both films start off very promising establishing a creepy vibe and the promise of genuine scares before tripping over complicated plot twists that cause the film to be boring and not frightening . This film starts off great beginning in an abandoned junkyard then moving to Arthur 's claustrophobic apartment before finally settling in the mansion . There are some wonderfully ominous shots in the beginning but eventually overt gore wins out over any subtlety . The ghosts are definitely disturbing and horrific but they were n't utilized like they should have been . The explanation as to why Arthur is the only man capable of capturing the last ghost is a nice touch and at least provides one unexpected surprise . Shannon Elizabeth factors in the beginning but is absent during the middle act only to reappear in the film 's final act . This lets Matthew Lillard , from ` Scream ' , steal the show . He sells every scene he 's in with hyper energy and some good physical comedy . It 's a disappointing horror film because it looks like it 's going to be fun and scary but is actually little more than a standard gorefest .
 I am an avid horror movie fan but this movie was a total joke . The only thing it did have going for it were the acting and special effects but other than that it was horrible . It falls into the remake of The Haunting ... TOTAL OVERKILL !!!
 ... because that 's how long it 'll feel like as you wait for this boring , convoluted , brain-dead piece of -LRB- ... -RRB- to end ! Scary ? Yeah , right . It 's not even a horror movie . Just a bunch of special effects injected around a nonsense plot . The farther the movie progresses -LRB- regresses -RRB- the worse the story gets and the special effects are just flashbulb-popping botch jobs that 'd induce an epileptic into seizures.Bet you did n't know this was produced by tinseltown heavyweights Joel Silver and Robert Zemeckis , did you ? Notice they 're doing everything they can to disassociate themselves from this garbage.Hollywood produced some real -LRB- ... -RRB- this year , but even Bones was at least a watchable movie until it 's ridiculous ending . This movie is just awful from beginning to end . Thir13en Ghosts -LRB- even the name is stupid -RRB- gets my vote as the worst movie of 2001 - and one of the worst movies ever made .
 This was a horrible horror film , so to ensure that I do n't sound cliched with my review , I am going to write out thir13en ways that this film could have been improved .1 . Hacking somebody to bits sells a horror film , not huge boobs . While some may enjoy scenes like this , I find that it distracts from the bigger picture . One of the ghosts had `` huge boobs '' power , which was not very scary in my eyes . What was she going to do ? Poke somebody 's eye out with the enormous nipples ? I do n't think she would have sent anyone away in fear . I think most would just cozy in for a warm winter 's nap ... because it would n't be the holidays if it was n't much hooter ... hotter at the malls .2 . I do n't want to sound racist , but the family seemed to be a bit mismatched . Were all the kids adopted ? None of them resembled Tony Shalhoub at all . They did n't even look like their burnt mother . I was confused . They also were very disrespectful of a man that just lost his wife to fire . Everybody knows that a fire death takes anywhere from four to eight months recovery . You should n't rush him into normality if you can .3 . I did enjoy the cameo from the guy in the movie Se7en . It is always good when directors that randomly throw in numbers in their title to create a symbolic reference can use the same actors . Look for the guy from Se7en that ate himself to death , then look for the guy that ate himself to death in Thir13en Ghosts . I think you will be able to spot him well .4 . Matthew Lillard needs to stop working ... NOW .5 . I enjoyed this film better when the characters had names like Peter , Ray , Egon , and Winston and when they battled guys like Slimer and the Stay-Puffed Marshmallow Man . I mean , there was nothing in this film warning people not to cross their beams . That is a warning that should have been mention .6 . For some odd reason I never saw 13 ghosts . I was counting too . I think , at the most , I saw five . I think some people in the marketing department got the ax after this film .7 . Did anyone catch the phrase `` Semper Ubi Sub Ubi '' written on one of the walls . Not cool .8 . Apparently , in this film , the only way to get rid of ghosts is by throwing a flare at them . Now really people , you could tell that the production team had run out of a budget after developing the glasses and had to resort to flare throwing as a battle weapon . These ghosts needed to realize that they were already DEAD , flares would n't hurt them . See , never forget the rules . Train your ghost first , then let him terrorize .9 . Have your ghosts work for you . This was a very common problem in this film . The ghosts were not working for anyone . If you have 13 spirits that need employment , do not allow them to just sit around and sulk . Get working or get out . Kriticos must have been a softy in the workforce because these spirits did not listen to anything or follow any directions . Ghosts need discipline just like you and I. 10 . Matthew Lillard needs to stop working ... NOW .11 . Can anybody explain to me what F. Murray Abraham was doing in this film ? This man is an Oscar winner and he is forced to do work like this ? I have no hope for Hollywood .12 . Glasshouses need consistency . This film did not , and the first reason why is because the bathroom was not made of glass -LRB- unlike the rest of the house -RRB- . Consistency . Learn this and you may have mastered the ways of the horror genre .13 . -LRB- Nothing ... . There were not 13 ghosts so why should I have to worry about 13 points ? Riddle me that bucko ! -RRB- Overall , this was a horrible film that somehow needed to be watched just once than forgotten about for the remaining days of my existence . Skip it , and you will die a very happy person . Watch it ... and you may become one of the -LRB- DUM DAH DAH ... -RRB- Thir13en Ghosts.Grade
 When `` Josie and the Pussycats '' and `` The Mummy Returns '' were released earlier this year , I thought I 'd been subjected to the most silly and contrived of the year 's plots . After seeing `` 13 Ghosts , '' I 'm reconsidering that opinion . The film is a rehash of a 1960 camp classic by the same name , though I doubt that the word `` remake '' is justifiable.The bare bones of the original plot are borrowed , giving the filmmakers room to add their own story structure and plot twists for a modern audience . What a shame , though , that this movie turns out to be little more than an insult to the intelligence of even the most open-minded audience members , not to mention a striking disappointment from Dark Castle Entertainment , whose previous `` House on Haunted Hill '' remake was more intense , more likeable , and far more interesting . `` 13 Ghosts '' begins with a scene that could have absolutely nothing to do with the rest of the film , except to set us up for the surprise at the end . Here , a wealthy man named Cyrus -LRB- F. Murray Abraham -RRB- busies himself searching an auto junkyard in search of a ghost , which he hopes to trap in a box and take back to his mansion . Of course , all hell breaks loose , and Cyrus is killed , leaving behind an expansive mansion and a highly unstable partner , Rafkin -LRB- `` Scream 's '' Matthew Lillard -RRB- . What a break for Cyrus 's nephew , Arthur -LRB- Tony Shalhoub -RRB- , who lives in squalor with his two children and a nanny -LRB- the movie 's obligatory black character -RRB- after a fire destroyed his home and took his wife years ago . They get to the house and are immediately enraptured by it 's walls , large panes of glass with intricate Latin phrases that become illuminated when a special pair of glasses is worn by the inhabitant . It 's never made clear what these glasses are for
 Another swing and a miss from the people who brought us the dismal House on Haunted Hill . Man with an unexplained wealth of capital resources hunts and captures spectres a la Ghost Busters . Untimely demise results in estate being left to poor relatives . The ghosts , for as little as they are on screen and as little as we learn of them , are much more human than the poorly written cast , except for Matthew Lillard who is great as usual . Tony Shalhoub as the father is n't even as half as compelling as he was in Galaxy Quest ; Shannon Elizabeth is miscast as his daughter ; and I prayed for the quick demise of Shalhoub 's movie son , the annoying and forgettable Alec Roberts -LRB- nice stage name , btw -RRB- , but unfortunately he survives until the end . Hard to believe because his character acts so -LRB- ... -RRB- the ghosts would have killed him in two seconds . We are also treated to a stereotypical ` nannie ' character , which does n't make sense ; is n't this a family on the edge of poverty ? Anyway , two interesting killings , one in the opening junkyard scene and one soon after the family take possession of the house , promise greatness that is never realized . 13 Ghosts is a lot of eye candy with no coherent story built around it ; the ghosts behave inconsistently as do most of the characters . Plot twists are never explained , and the most interesting characters , the ghosts , are hardly onscreen at all , with the exception of the gratuitous , buxom , topless ghost . She really advanced the plot . The finale is reminiscent of X-men , with a little Contact thrown in for good measure . But it is a remake , so why be ashamed to borrow interesting visuals from other movies . This movie is typical Hollywood -LRB- ... -RRB- , I give it a rating of ` Not So Money ' on a scale of ` Hurting ' to ` Bazilly ' . It WAS better than ` Jeepers Creepers ' though . The only reason I saw it is because the showtime was earlier than ` From Hell ' .
 The DVD ca n't be played on any player in America . Which i was not aware of when i purchased it . I should have returned it but did n't want to pay for shipping . I will not order from this company again and they should state this can not be watched on the states unless you have a computer or ps2 which most people have ps3 now a days .
 The poor little movie that did n't know what it wanted to be . It 's telling when an R-rated movie introduces 2 -LRB- vapid and annoying , this is no POLTERGEIST -RRB- child characters and then conveniently gets rid of them for most of the middle of the story . The kids act as though they are in a G-rated movie , and , similarly , bumbling Tony Shaloub seems to think he 's in Disney 's HAUNTED MANSION and not an R-rated scare-fest . And there 's a PLETHORA of plot-holes which , unlike the doorways of the house in the story , never close , even temporarily . I can ignore `` off '' aspects if the rest of a movie really works but here it 's all just too distracting and confusing to turn a blind eye to . Yes , the house is interesting , but it , and the ghosts , quickly become little more than video-game-type obstacles . For the gore-fan , though , there are one or 2 neat `` kills '' . One in particular is astoundingly horrible and well-executed . Much obvious care was put into the sets , and I 've got ta applaud the minimal use of CGI . However , I do n't care about the characters or miss them when they 're gone . Plot/motivation revelations in the final quarter are ridiculous and absolutely impossible to swallow . And , as usual with these Hollywood special-effects features , it all goes infuriatingly and unnecessarily pear-shaped in the final reel . Another ball-of-fire resolution . It 's all a muddled waste of time .
 13 Ghosts 2001
 13 Ghosts could have been a much better film if they had spent a little more time and energy in the storyline and script . They had the good idea -LRB- well actually they ripped that off from the original -RRB- , but reworking that script was n't a bad idea . However , they did n't pull it off too well . The acting was n't too bad for the actors that were in it . Shannon Elizabeth has obviously never ben known for immense acting talent and Matthew Lillard who comes off ok for a psycho . The thing I hated most about this movie was that they never went in depth about anything . We got to see about 20 feet of the house before hell started to break loose , and barely any time is spent on charcter development at all . -LRB- i.e. the woman that shows up 3/4 through the movie already in the house -RRB- Could have been done much better!The good things
 But it reminded me how much the late 90 's / early 00 's sucked for horror movies ! Most of the `` big '' horror movies from back then -LRB- including this one -RRB- have dumb plots , dumb characters , clich&eacute;s , stupid and/or predictable twists , endings that do n't make much sense , an abundance of cheap jump scares , ... It 's as if those who made them thought that having a lot of special effects was more important than having a good plot , good characters , good scares , etc. . . This movie , The Haunting , Ghost Ship , House on Haunted Hill -LRB- I liked it a bit though -RRB- , Fear Dot Com , Phantoms , I Still Know What You Did Last Summer , Jason X , The Rage
 When I say `` eye candy , '' I 'm not neccessarily referring to the movie 's star , Shannon Elizabeth . I am talking about the dazzling visual effects , the detailed make-up on the ghosts , and the very creative killings -LRB- always appreciated -RRB- . All of these things , however , can not make a movie , which Thirteen Ghosts proves . The plot is simply not there -- wait , let me rephrase -- there is a plot . But it is so corny and cliched , that anyone who has seen a handful of movies can tell exactly where it is heading . Also , the characters are annoying , most noteably the nanny , who spouts off typical and corny `` crazy white people '' lines like she was the female Martin Lawrence . The kid is annoying . I did appreciate Tony Shalhoub , and Shannon Elizabeth is always nice to look at . Also , like I mentioned before , this film looks gorgeous . The first viewing , my eyes were glued to the screen . However , the movie does n't offer much else . I own it on tape and have only watched it one and a half times . It 's a little too boring for what it 's trying to do . Think of it as a bad cross between The Amityville Horrors and Nightmare on Elm Street .
 OK , here again . Willaim Castle remake . The second outing from film campany Dark Castle Enterainment -LRB- Joel Silver and Robert Zemeckis -RRB- is based on the film made in 1960 , but with special effects and elabolate production designs in place of William Castle 's now legendary `` gimmick . '' -LRB- If you do n't know Castle , see Joe Dante 's film `` Matinee '' whose John Goodman character is loosely based on him . -RRB- But like `` House on the Haunted Hill '' the result is not impressive , sporadically scary but ultimately boring.Yes , sorry , but I am bored . The story is , as with all Castle 's films , intriguing . A father named Arther -LRB- Tony Shalhoub -RRB- inherits a house from his long-absent uncle Cyrus -LRB- F. Murry Abraham -RRB- . But the house , of which walls are all made of transparent glass , has a deadly secret -- it keeps a collection of ghosts ! Now Arthur and his family , moving into the haunted house , are to experience most uncomfortable night ever seen.This simple premise is always the strength of the first-rate entertainer Willaim Castle 's virtue , and though his films are sometimes based on too incredible setup , he knew how to amuse us , with his well-known gimmicks -LRB- like `` Emergo Vision '' -RRB- . He used for the original a gimmick called `` Illusion-O '' -- the audience wear a pair of special glasses that enable the ghosts on the screen to appear or to vanish , according to the scenes.In the remake , the idea is extended -LRB- or borrowed -RRB- , and the characters can see ghosts -LRB- ! -RRB- provided when they wear special glasses . That 's a good idea , though the director Steve Beck -LRB- first-time feature director , previously responsible for special effect art design -RRB- ruined it by ... you know what . Too fast changes of cut , cut , cut ... a train of flashing images of ghosts showing up and suddenly vanishing ... . Watching these scenes is really trying , I warn you , and my eyes started to get weary soon . And first of all , Matthew Lillard appears as a psychic who can `` see '' or feel the ghosts . So , what 's the point of introducing him while all you can do to see those horrid ghosts is to wear that device?The film is full of such inconsistency as would destroy any suspence -- Embeth Davidtz pops up suddenly in the house where every one is supposed to be trapped within . Asked by the scared inhabitants how come she made it to the inside , she gives an awkward explanation
 The beginning is interesting as you have people catching ghosts and the story introduces you to the core of it all , the 13 ghosts . You are mislead into thinking the 13 ghosts are significant and you may get to know them . However , you find out that it 's not so . You only wish it is going to be a mystery shocker , but it turns out to be cornier than the field of dreams.The ghosts are interesting because they are all unique , but unfortunately , we never get to know them . They are each given cool nicknames , but we never are told why . For example , one ghost , the most noticeable one
 Scares you back all the way to the ticket counter , to get your money back . Lack of plot and acting skills make the movie a rollercoaster of gore . Not interesting enough to even try to understand what the goal of the movie is . About the only thing holding this movie together is the makeup on the ` traditional ' monsters .
 Evil Eyes is about a screenwriter that comes up with a script that eventually comes true in reality piece by piece . Sounds enticing on paper , however we quickly learn that the lack of suspense and a really big dilemma in the pacing is responsible for almost completely destroying this movie . Yes , these events that the screenwriter jots down comes true , however it 's executed in a way that 's unsatisfying and unsuspenseful almost every single time.For example , he predicts an earthquake . Instead of witnessing the after effects of an earthquake , the ground shakes for a couple seconds before the screenwriter and his wife contemplate what just occurred . A woman is predicted to be decapitated in her car after an accident . It happens but ... in a really cheesy murder/mystery kind of way . A major disappointment . The seen with a hunk of flying wood from a baseball bat going through a catchers neck is the only moment that caught my attention even though we knew it was coming a mile away . I think you 'd be better off not seeing this movie .
 EVIL EYES is a derivative a la Stephen King/Dean Koontz variety . A failing screenwriter -LRB- Adam Baldwin -RRB- is approached by a mysterious `` agent '' -LRB- Udo Keir -RRB- to write the screenplay based on a true story of a screenwriter who went mad and killed his mother , father and wife . As Baldwin begins writing his screenplay , it seems that the things he is writing start to come true , with tragic results for some of his friends.Veiled in inexplicable ambiguity , EVIL EYES never fully explains what is going on so the viewer is left with no sense of resolution or understanding . Vague film making at the least .
 Are all screenwriters narcissistic ? Seems like a lot of them think that their life is so interesting that it deserves to be told to the whole world as a feature film . In a best case scenario , you get Charlie Kaufman 's Adaptation ... which I liked because it took that narcissism and made fun of it . In a worst case scenario you get Evil Eyes.For the whole movie , the main character goes around doing screenwriter things
 Not one of your better movies . It was ok but I will not watch it again .
 I ordered this set in early January - after the recall , after Amazon had stopped selling it , everything . It came , and I still have the wrong disks . Superman 3 is missing the special features . I 'd wait another month or two before ordering it - I thought it would be safe , but I was wrong . Unless you do n't care about the special features on Superman 3 , anyway .
 perhaps you get what you pay for.I have a few discs that are hard to start playing and one that wo n't play at all . I was never contacted back about getting the disc replaced.The DVD set was not send with any foam or bubble wrap around it and so it was badly dented in shipment .
 The Item itself i will give 5 stars , if you are a Superman fun , then this is a must ! you cant miss it.However i am so disappointed on how my item was handled and sent . I 've been an Amazon customer for over 5 years , every time i bought any disc , book or delicate item they will make sure it will not get broken , damaged or dented cause they would use enough bubble rapping for protection , well this time they would not even care putting any thing , they simple put the metal box on a regular box and shipped it like that , so what do you think happened ? that 's right the box came dented , disc came out of its place and they were all disorganized , so i decided not to place a complain , but when i started watching all the DVD the second would get frozen and stop playing that is when i decided to write them and ask for a replacement , i explained how my item was handle , so guess what ? they send another one and once again they sent it so carelessly on a regular bubble bag as if it 's give it any protection , the metal box came all dented , worst than the first time ! So like i said to the product it self i give 5 stats , the handling 1/4 of a star ...
 There are a bunch of movies here , like 6 of them . Fortunately , each of them has the same quality special effects , acting , and script
 BUYER BEWARE !!! I got the wrong discs in my set and called the 800 number that Amazon gave . I was surprised to get through immediately . The number was obviously in a foreign country , because we could n't understand each other very well , but I was finally able to give my name and address and was assurred that I would receive a mailer envelope so that I could return the discs . Well , that was several weeks ago and the return envelope never arrived . I guess , if you do n't care about the disc mix-up , then this set might be attractive to you . But for me , it 's the principle of the matter . Really , how hard is it to just send a return envelope in the mail - Not very !!!
 I bought two separate `` new '' collections from two different vendors and had to return both due to malfunctioning DVD 's . The first DVD in both sets had a haze around the edges -- do n't know if this was the cause of the DVD locking up . Last DVD was full of scratches in the 2nd set and the 3rd one in the first set had scratches and did n't play . Both were shrink wrapped so wonder if they are having problems in the manufacturing or copying of the DVD 's . Buyer beware .
 I saved for months to purchase this set . It was almost unbelievable that Warner Bros was supposed to have cleaned it up . There were so many defective discs ... I returned it to Amazon for credit . I think it will be a long time before I ever purchse anotherWarner Bros. release .
 Okay , here 's the skinny on this quote , `` Ultimate Edition '' , 14 disc , Superman DVD set.I picked up a copy of this set at The Future Shop , here in Canada , and opened it up in my car to make sure that all of the discs were free of marks -LRB- you 'd be surprised at how many pre and post production marks/scratches I find on brand new , unopened , unloose , DVD 's , and we 're not just talking the odd blemish , we 're talking someone took a fork to the play surface , kind of marks -RRB- . Well , first of all , upon opening the tin -LRB- which had dents in it , even though I picked through 15 different sets to try and get a dentless tin , the cheap metal of this tin , made this impossible -RRB- I found a DVD bundled set , pretty much like the Buck Rogers , or Babylon Five DVD sets , with a piece of black foam , loosely placed on the right hand side of the set , to take up the extra room -LRB- of which there was about an inch -RRB- to stop the set from bashing about inside the tin during shipping.The set case itself has seven , double sided , clear plastic , DVD trays , linked together on the left hand side , by some sort of plastic hinges -LRB- at least it 's not by tape , as is the case with the Star Trek , original series , CD sized , clear plastic , cases -RRB- with a disc on the front and back of the trays , and the whole thing is anchored on the bottom to a thick cardboard , booklet type cover , and the whole thing comes in a plastic slip case -LRB- once again , like the Buck Rogers , DVD set -RRB- which has Superman flying and smashing through a metallic Superman `` S '' on the front , and a picture of the new Superman from , Superman Returns , on the back.I found this setup to be very awkward , and it made getting at the discs -LRB- especially the back of the tray discs -RRB- pretty hard to do , without fear that you were going to either drop the discs , brake the plastic hinges or pop the trays loose from the cardboard booklets , backing -LRB- which is just held on by four measly dabs of glue -RRB- . So , one by one I popped out the discs , and out of the fourteen discs , four had scratches on them -LRB- one of which was caused by the fact that the injection hole for the plastic DVD trays , is positioned right in the middle of where the discs sits , and since the discs do n't sit very far from the trays surface , if this injection spot has n't been sufficiently buffed down , and any of the injected plastic is at all sticking up on this spot , then you end up with a nice , circular scratch on the discs play surface , due to the fact that the discs spin slightly on the centre locking hub , during transit -RRB- . So I took the set back , and after standing in the customer service line for almost half an hour -LRB- and this was first thing in the morning , so you 'd assume that the line would be pretty non-existent -RRB- I exchanged it for a new set.But , so as to make one blemish free set , by exchanging only the marked discs in the old set with discs from the new set , I opened the new set at customer service , and guess what ; this set had six discs marked up , including the same four ones from the previous set.Well that was it for me where this , `` Ultimate Mess '' was concerned , and I opted instead to get the , Christopher Reeve Collection box set -LRB- which is just a slip cover housing movies one to four , in their regular plastic , DVD cases -RRB- The Richard Donner Cut DVD -LRB- as , stupidly , it 's not included in the , Christopher Reeve Collection , go figure -RRB- and the , Superman Returns DVD.Now granted , I paid about $ 30 Canadian , more , and did n't get the three bonus discs -LRB- `` Look Up In The Sky '' , which was on A&E ; , and is available for cheap , on DVD , and the , `` Bryan Singer Journals '' , which was supposably downloadable from online , and , You Will Believe
 From DVDActive : Those of you who have pre-ordered copies of Warner Home Video 's forthcoming Superman
 As some may know , the initial shipments of this set went out with defective disks of Superman the Movie -LRB- wrong audio -RRB- , and Superman III -LRB- film used old print and lacks special features -RRB- . I just received my set today -LRB- Feb 23 , 2007 - on the second attempt , actually ; my initial order got lost in the mail -RRB- from Amazon -LRB- sent on Feb. 7 , 2007 -RRB- and it contained the defective disks.I am going to contact Warner Bros. to obtain replacement disks , but I thought people should just be warned that the defective sets are still being shipped out by Amazon .
 To my disbelief , what I got are two copies of the 2nd disc of Superman Returns . The disc `` You Will Believe
 i bought this 2 weeks ago at $ 24.99 . i am not a superman 's biggest fan but boy it was worth it . .7 movies , over 20 hours of extras including documentry and old cartoons ... plus a reprint of a comic book and a daily planet style menu ... to top it the metal box seems very impressive on my shelf.but now its up to 75 $ ... and when it is all said and done the movies arent that good . for 25 $ its worth it to dvd collectors , superman fans , and movie fans in general . . but at 75 $ you need to be HARDCORE superman fan for this
 Do n't get me wrong . I love the Superman movies . And the price is resonible . But I bought this set twice , and all of the discs were scratched to pieces in both sets , and to boot had fingerprints abound on them . And I had the same problem with their ultimate Matrix set as well . And in Salt Lake where I bought it , these were gone extremely fast , and so the second set I had to buy was all the way down in American Fork , with accidents all over the road making it take about 21/2 hour drive . Only to find out when I got this set , I was not the only person experiencing the same problems . Trust me people . I know it would be awesome to have the bonus discs and documentries , but is it worth the risk ? This are brand new ! They should n't be looking like copies you 'd find at the library or video store ! You have to decide that . But as for me , I 'm never buying one of Warner Brothers `` Limited Edition Giftsests '' anymore , it 's not worth the headache . Thanks for letting me vent !
 I 'VE BEEN WAITING FOR ALMOST 5 MONTHS FOR WARNER TO REPLACE MY 2 DISCS THAT CONTAIN THE OMITTED SOUND MIX FOR SUPERMAN THE MOVIE AND THE EXTRA FEATURES FOR SUPERMAN III ... IN THE AFTERMATH OF THE SHIPPING OF MANY DEFECTIVE SETS , WARNER SET UP AN 800 NUMBER TO CORRECT THE PROBLEM AND APPARENTLY THEY DEALT WITH THEIR DISSATISFIED CUSTOMERS APPROPRIATELY BY RELACING THE DEFECTIVE DISCS ... FOR AWHILE ... I FIRST CALLED ABOUT MY DEFECTIVE SET IN DEC. 08 AND PROMPTLY SENT IN MY DEFECTIVE DISCS AS PER THEIR INSTRUCTIONS ... AS RECENTLY AS LAST WEEK , i WAS TOLD THAT THEY ARE STILL WAITING FOR THE REPLACEMENT DISCS TO ARRIVE FROM THE FACTORY TO SEND OUT TO DISGRUNTLED CUSTOMERS THAT SHELLED OUT THE BUCKS FOR THIS HUGE SET ... NOW MINE 'S BEEN SITTING AROUND FOR ALL THIS TIME MISSING TWO DISCS AS MY SKEPTICISM GROWS AS TO WHETHER THEIR EVEN GOING TO BOTHER CORRECING THE DEFECTIVE SETS THAT ARE OBVIOUSLY STILL OUT THERE ... NOW I 'M JUST HOPING THAT THEY 'LL SEND ME BACK THE MISTAKE DISCS SO I CAN SELL THE SET AND BE DONE WITH THIS NONSENSE ... THANKS FOR NOTHING WARNER
 Thank goodness for the reviews on the blunders of this set . I have it my shopping cart right now , and will delete it as soon as I 'm done typing this . I can not believe a company like WB can screw up like this . Then again ... maybe I can . I 'm not a die-hard Superman fan , so maybe this is n't for me , anyway . But if I were , I 'd be extremely disappointed.Thanks for the heads up !
 I 'm very disappointed to say the least ... I bought this collection back when amazon first released and i just now got around to opening it and watching them and boy o boy was i disgusted ... Come to find out i was missing Disc 13
 I bought this in 2007 and in the space of a few months DVD rot took hold . Now I have a fancy box set with with NO usable DVDs . I bought it so I could show my kids -LRB- who are crazy for SUperman -RRB- what a GOOD Superman movie is , now I have resorted to finding these movie elsewhere and in a digital format . Not worth buying . If you do ... RIP IT TO THE DRIVE AND OR BURN A COPY ... otherwise fantastic collection .
 The set comes in a cool tin case and has a bunch of cool extras . The only problem is two of the discs were covered in what looked like a a dusty glue solution that had to be cleaned off . Believe it or not those discs work fine albeit stained . However disc 3 of Superman 1 wo n't even load . Tried it 5 different dvd players , three computer drives and 2 home DVD players , with no luck . I 've read about all the problems WB had with these sets and now I can personally attest to the fact ... What a shame .
 And not because of the content of the DVDs . The movies themselves are fine ; although deep down inside everyone was a little disappointed in Superman Returns . I have purchased and exchanged this set 3 TIMES ! First time , not all of the DVDs were functional . Second time , DVDs ' special features fiasco . Third time , the DVDs ' case was broken and the discs were loose and got scratched . Tired of this , I finally kept the set that I had on hand . However , it 's worth noting that the DVDs were out of order in the case , which makes some peoples ' complaints about receiving duplicate discs and missing others more plausible.How could Warner Bros. mess this up so badly ? It 's Superman for crying out loud !! He is one of their flagship franchises ! I have hundreds of DVDs and have never experienced this much difficulty in finding a quality copy of a boxed set . I will think long and hard before buying any more DVD sets from Warner Bros. .
 I was not happy with the product as one of the DVD was scratched and did not work
 I asked my sister for this set for X-mas and was pleased to receive it yesterday . I had heard of the problematic dvd 's and HOPED mine would be fine . Well ... they were n't . From the chance that they would be the `` bad '' discs I had called the 800 number sometime early in Dec. or late Nov. . They told me about the sleeves and info . they need and all.So I get the set on X-mas and call the 800 number . I give it an hour on hold before assuming that no one is there to answer the phone EVEN though they kept repeating `` please continue to hold all opperators are still busy assisting other customers '' . I call back today -LRB- Dec. 26th -RRB- now thinking they will be there . Well from online feedback I 've read YES they are there -LRB- and were on X-Mas too ! -RRB- but it is now 4:45 pm and I have been on hold since FRIGGIN NOON !!!! The only reason I 'm giving this 1 star is for WB 's lack of customer service and their MAJOR ^ ! $ * up . I 'm ASSUMING there wo n't be any more problems . I HOWEVER anticipate the 5 free -LRB- plus $ 5 -RRB- posters will arrive even though the item was preordered on Nov. 20th according to the amazon invoice my sister gave me and not the 21st to May 17th like they ask.If indeed you 're going to call the 800 number I 'd wait until maybe a Sunday or something I do n't know.I 'd give another .5 stars to this but not for WB but for the fact that I have a speaker phone and have n't had to have the phone up to my ear for the now nearly 5 LONGGGGGGGGG HOURS !!!
 i am simply appalled at this . i also purchased the original version of this box set and yes , mine had two problems
 1 . A couple of the discs are missing material . They play fine but Warner forgot to put some bonus stuff on them . They are replacing the discs but you have to mail them back . So I would just wait a little while longer to buy .2 . The case they come in is total garbage . My case was broken in under 5 minutes . The binding completely fell apart and the discs fell out . So if you actually want to watch the movies buy something else to put them in because Warner WILL NOT replace the junk case the put the movies in .
 As has been said , Superman III is n't the proper version ! I do n't know who compiled this set , but that 's an atrocity for the price I spent good hard-earned money for.Especially when calling the 1-800 number , I had to repeat myself and ask the operator to be repeated about 20 times . -LRB- Maybe the folks who compiled the set are in that same country ... it 's not the United States ... and yet they produce more educated people than we do ?! -RRB- I still have n't gotten the packaging to swap the discs . Even after repeating my address , did they still screw that up ?? And , assuming I got the packaging , Lord only knows what would happen if they screwed things up AFTER sending out the discs.My respect for Warner Bros has gone down quite a bit .02 / 09/07 update
 I watch two of the movies . they both would stop playing . I was not happy so I sent them back .
 This is more of a review on Warner Brothers than Amazon . The set has the problem that people have been talking about . Discs 1 and 8 are defective and missing features . Then on top of that problem disc 2 of Superman Returns and The Look Up in the Sky Doc are completely missing from the set . Instead I received multiple duplicates of other discs . Warner Brothers serious mishandled this problem . I called the 800 number and was told that they could send out replacement discs for 1 and 8 but that the others were my problem and I should take this up with Amazon . Seeing as it was Warner Bros production problem , I do n't see the logic in that . Warner Brothers dropped the ball on this release and in it 's customer service .
 Statement from Warner Home Video , November 27 , 2006Bonus content was omitted from the `` Superman III Deluxe Edition '' in the 14-disc `` Superman Ultimate Collector 's Edition . '' Furthermore , disc one of `` Superman
 I ordered this product , but when it arrived . Their was no silver holder and case was falling apart . I felt that it should havebeen specified . I was also missing the index and the comic book
 This is a great epic . However , the extreme graininess of the blu ray makes it no differentthat the DVD . My system indicates general bitrates of about 15 mbps ... compare that to 33 for the recent star wars.So for blu ray ... not worth it if you already own the DVD .
 I really do n't think this movie does a good job of capturing the realism of combat or the actual events at Gettysburgh . The dialogue and acting is also very poor .
 `` Gettysburg '' is the longest movie I 've ever even heard of . What were these people thinking ? The music is annoying -LRB- as it is played on and on throughout the film -RRB- , but sometimes the cinematography redeems itself momentarily -LRB- C'mon , I mean it 's over four hours - it has to eventually , right ? -RRB- . This movie fails on the emotional scale , and most of the acting is poor , in my opinion . Who the heck cast C. Thomas Howell for crying out loud . My favorite character -LRB- Whom I feel was the best performance in the movie , and I would go so far to say the best thing in the movie -RRB- was Stephen Lang 's performance as Major General George E. Pickett . Another thing on which I have complaints is Martin Sheen as General Robert E. Lee - what 's going on there ? I mean , was Ted Turner himself in charge of that ? The accents were horrible . Jeff Bridges ' beard looked like glued on painted hay or something . I know I 'm just rambling now , but I just wanted everyone to know this is n't a good movie , if you do n't already . And you people who do , help me out here , please . Other people need to know this .
 The movie was ok . But for one thing it was tooooooooooo long . I fell asleep during it . It would not have seemed so long if they had made the battles longer and the talking alot shorter .
 Probably a great film but would pause every ten minutes or do to load . Just could not get into film with all the pauses .
 The DVD arrived damaged . I returned it for a `` refund '' which was handled quickly . The movie itself was very good until it would no longer play .
 It was scratched . So this was extremely inconvenient for my daughter . It was for an AP assignment for high school :-LRB- -LRB-
 I was totally disappointed that I received a DVD from out of the country that was not compatible with my DVD player . I did not expect to receive a DVD from out of the country . I had to pay almost as much in postage as what the DVD cost me . I would appreciate a refund for my postage . Thank you for your consideration .
 All the above movies are great films . The reason for the 2-star is Amazon 's terrible instant video feed . For ages , I did n't have any problem with your feed then you tried to fix something that was n't broken . As I stated in my Numerous emails to support the problem has to be on your end , as I get tremendous feeds from other online providers . I can stop an Amazon poor feed and then go to Hulu and get a great feed . I am not upgrading to Prime Membership because of your poor instant video
 Gettysburg is a mediocre reproduction of Michael Schaara 's historical novel the Killer Angels . There are some parts of Gettysburg that are quite good , such as Pickett 's Charge and the 20th Maine 's defense of Little Round Top , but the excess speechifying and moralizing , along with some poor casting choices and poor production qualities , hurt this movie badly . Killer Angels the book gets a strong 5 star rating , Gettysburg the movie gets a tepid 2 star ranking at best . Gettysburg is not nearly as good as Glory , but it is mildly better than Gods and Generals.The history of the Civil War is replete with interesting stories to tell , why ca n't the people at Turner Productions hire the best directors and cast to do the job right instead of cheaply and swiftly ? Turner productions is the fast food of TV & motion picture entertainment , and Gettysburg and Gods & Generals are their blue plate specials - bring your antacid when you sit down to watch them .
 this movie on blue ray , all it does is skip & freeze , no matter how you clean the dvd a waste of money
 After a hard session of exams , I wanted to grab a film that would pull my thoughts away from the long hours of study . I came across this one and thought `` great , a history film ! '' So , there I was embarked for over four hours of interesting war stories , or so I hoped . At the end , I ask myself how I could hold on and see it in one straight session . In fact , I concur with several reviewers who qualify it as an unconvincing film.The actors -LRB- and some of them are good , confirmed actors -RRB- are extremely `` theatrical '' at times , extremely `` soulless '' at others . They spend too much time talking in an unconvincing way about philosophical issues or collateral matters that do n't bring anything constructive into the story or the film . The result is that the film never really `` takes off '' . I do n't know if this is a problem with the script , the direction , or if the ambitious project of recreating a historical battle just overwhelmed almost everybody in this project . The fact remains that , in my humble opinion , the only one that really keeps his head above water is Tom Berenger . Also , some actors just pop into the film out of the blue for no apparent reason -LRB- for instance that general from the confederates who visits Lee before the great battle to be severely criticized by his commander in chief for not following orders , and we never hear from him again -RRB- , others , such as Sam Elliot , just disappear after starring in the first part of the film and we do n't really know why and what happened to him either . Also very `` light '' is the role of that officer from her gracious majesty . I can understand the director is trying to show that the British were interested in seeing how the war would go and maybe helping the confederates , but I would have liked to see this treated in a more serious way instead of spending film showing an idiotic tourist in the middle of what remains a major event in American history . I was equally very disappointed by the actor playing Jeff Daniel 's brother in this film . He was great in `` soul man '' -LRB- comedy of the mid eighties -RRB- , but this was not a film for him . He gave me the impression from one end of the film to the other to try to find how to fit in . As for the battles , most of the shots can not hide the lack of talent of the participating soldiers -LRB- reason
 I gave it two stars for the content of the historical accuracy of the events . -LRB- There is some disagreement but this is the Cival War after all -RRB- . I would have given it a zero otherwise ! First let me say that Hollywood could afford some beards that do n't look like cheap side show minstrels ! It was laughable . And casting Sheen for Lee ?? Sheen looked like a circus clown scuffling around in a baggy uniform that did n't fit . Lee 's appearance in most photos is tall and regal.The beautifil 19th century language is murdered , and the theatrics during battle , via Hollywood , did n't match any real time accounts I have read.The title should be `` Gettysburg , what Little Round Top would have been if fought in Culver City 1980 '' ! When are reinactors going to learn that clean pristene uniforms did not exist in battles such as Gettysburg!I am always wary about movies on history but since I have seen this movie in the visitors center and reviews were pretty good , I thought maybe , just maybe , someone other than hypewood produced this . Good thing it 's so cheap , I do n't feel so bad . But if you are pondering this as a representation of Gettysburg , wait until it comes to your local grocer next to the gossip mags . Gettysburg desserves better than this . Yor better off with Burns who at least seems to get the solemn nature of the event .
 I had a VHS copy of this movie and thought It would be nice to have a DVD . However , when the product came , the second disc in the set was boken . I discovered this past the possible return date so I am stuck with half of the movie . I am not pleased with Amazon for shipping a defective product and not taking it back .
 gettysburg on both tv , the movies , dvd and vhs is not a movie for the general public only for civil war buffs who can sit through a movie that is four hours long.this movie was so long that there was exactly an intermission on the dvd.BUT IF YOU REALLY WANT TO SEE IT GO AHEAD AMIGOS ...
 A momentous occasion such as Gettysburg deserves better . Hmm , let me see if I can guess the formula they used when making this film - Have a big hollywood name , playing a well known figure stare off into the horizon while delivering a monologue . If not staring off into the horizon , then the figure should be addressing a subordinate . Now apply this formula for 4 hours . Intersperse this with battle scenes that are shown several times but are passed off as unique scenes.Uhhh , I think Meade and Lee where rolling over in their graves when this film was made .
 Anyone , and I mean anyone , who has read much about Robert E Lee can see that the selection of Martin Sheen to portray Lee , and Sheen 's inability to capture how most historians have described Lee are failures . I also found that side of the movie dedicated to unstanding battlefield strategy and tactics was extremely poor . There was an attempt to portray the poor intelligence both sides had to deal with , but I found the screen play was inferior in its treatment of what was happening all over the battlefield . I give the film one star , and feel I 'm being generous in doing so.AC FalkAiken , SC
 It is a great story , Unforunately the quality of the sound was very poor . Had to turn up the volume and then got a loud buzz .
 The first 2 hours and twenty minutes of this 4 + hour movie had about 2 hours of soundtrack that overpowered the dialogue and the sounds of battle . It was so irritating that I finally had to stop . I like a good soundtrack but this was not one of them . It was WAY too sentimental and over dramatic . And it never clicked with the film . Maybe one day there will be a director 's cut that deletes about 80 % of the score . Until then , I wo n't be watching the second half of the movie .
 Very sorry to report a problem with the print on my new Book Cover Extended Director 's Cut disc.The picture is too dark . In some of the sunrise and sunset scenes , you ca n't even see the color of the uniforms , or one side of their faces , just a black shadow.I played my DVD copy of Gettysburg for comparison to make sure , but there is no doubt this disc is much too dark , especially the part just before Pickett 's charge and through to the end.It 's a shame , because even though the extension only amounts to less than 20 minutes of new material , every bit of added scene and dialogue is a gem.More character development of Iron Brigade commander Reynolds with Buford , and of Robert E. Lee , wherein Lee is more thoughtful and intelligent than in the other scenes where Sheen portrays him as some kind of hippie general who took one too many bad trips in his youth . That always bothered me about the original , but I can tolerate Sheen 's performance a little better now.Alot of the new scenes fill in spaces and serve to tie up loose ends and help the story flow better . It makes for a much better movie.This is opposed to the extra scenes in the extended version of Gods and Generals , which are nice , and I like my epics long , but they really do n't add much to the film.I 'm posting this primarily to see if anyone else experienced the same problem , but it seems doubtful that I got the only bad copy .
 I became a fan of Jeff Daniels after his depiction of Chamberlain of the Maine 20th on Little Round Top ; those were the strongest scenes -LRB- and they better be ! -RRB- But the rest - I fast-forwarded through an hour and a half of speeches . Who could write this stuff ? Or believe that tough-as-nails soldiers from that era would even speak such sentimental drivel ? It comes down to a poorly written screenplay focused way too much on myth instead of insight . You end up with a movie that tells instead of shows . Cinema is always better , to paraphrase a Steve McQueen adage , when actors use their their facial muscles more than their vocal cords . Actors know what to do - with proper lines . The raw material was there but the mine was never dug . Maybe the scale was too large for the crucial details to emerge , but if you 're going to take on Gettysburg , you better bring it.I appreciate the volunteers ' efforts , but many fill out their uniforms a bit much , an impossibility for the rebels after two years in the field fighting and evading the Union Army . Those guys should have been rangy sons of guns . A volunteer cast of thousands explains but does not excuse . At least some Confederates are shown marching shoeless.Another detail
 I 'm afraid I 'm not as enamored of this film as were many other reviewers posting here . There were too many wildly incongrous factors , some of them directly reflecting Ted Turner 's politically correct agenda.In the opening sequence , for example , we see a Confederate sentry that must weigh 300 pounds if he 's an ounce . C'mon . There was no such thing as a fat Confederate infantryman . YOU try marching hundreds of miles over the course of two years of warfare , fighting , eating wormy bacon and green corn , and see how much weight YOU keep on.The two characters sitting under a tree just as the battle was beginning to unfold , discussing the human condition , I found a bit hard to swallow . And an Irishman talking about tolerance for other races or cultures ? Gim me a break . More of Turner 's ultra-liberal b.s.As far as the art of movie-making went , I had a real problem with the casting of Martin Sheen as Robert E. Lee . Sheen came across more like the Ernest T. Bass character on the old `` Andy Griffith Show '' than he did the elegant , stately Lee . What a miserable piece of casting.And the music . If somebody got up and walked across the room , the music SWELLED and SWELLED and roared like it was the second coming of Christ . Whatever happened to good , old-fashioned movie-making techniques -LRB- please see the action movies of Errol Flynn or Tyrone Power . -RRB- The two stars I give this film are based solely on the scope and sense of reality conveyed in the scene dealing with Pickett 's charge , and that of Chamberlain 's heroic stand.Wanna know about Gettysburg ? Get out of your chair and GO there . Do n't watch this movie .
 Gettysburg and its director Ronald F. Maxwell proudly wear their `` historical accuracy '' on their sleeves . The result ? The story moves like it really is unfolding second-for-second , the characters yak on and on about inconsequential details , and the central narrative thrust is -- well , there is n't one.I do n't think I 've ever been as bored by any war film . Even historical essays make for a more exciting experience . Maxwell 's characters refer endlessly to small details , yet we are never told what those details mean in the grand scheme of things . Worst of all , there is never any conflict -- the root of all works of drama . The stakes are low , there is endless talk and little action , and when the battle scenes do occur , they are perhaps the most lifeless ever filmed . The charge down the hill , for example , was referred to as a suicidal gesture , yet the Union soldiers simply seem to waltz right through their enemy without any sense of danger . Maxwell simply has no idea how to either write or direct a good , tense dramatic scene.Miserable acting caps the whole deal off . Martin Sheen has never looked more ridiculous as here , ironically , where he plays Robert E. Lee , one of the most charismatic generals in U.S. history and certainly one of the Civil War 's figureheads . Tom Berenger 's performance could have been given by any number of bit players . Even on the music front the film is an utter failure . The usually resourceful Randy Edelman 's score somehow sounds entirely anachronistic , possibly due to a generic orchestral arrangement without specific flavour , and there is entirely too much of it , as if Maxwell is trying to rely on the music to generate some kind of interest . And he is -- trying , that is , and failing miserably.I feel insulted when this film is compared to -- and , horrifically , sometimes even cited above -- the 1989 Civil War classic Glory , which featured an immortal performance from Denzel Washington and astonishing writing , directing , cinematography , editing , sound , and music . And Glory took a little over two hours to say oceans more about the Civil War than Gettysburg does in its entire four-hour running length . Do n't even rent this , unless you 're a fan of gross ineptitude and historical accuracy above dramatic interest . This is as bad as filmmaking gets .
 I 'm not rating the movie itself , or its ingredients , I 'm rating the feeling it creates . Of course , in the first place , the story it tells is a terrible nightmare that came true , just like WWI and II.Concerning , the movie
 Many have commented on the historical accuracy of this film . While the timing of these events themselves may be accurate , i.e. , the first days fight , Little Round Top , and Longstreet 's Assault -LRB- what most call `` Pickett 's Charge -RRB- , the accuracy of the actual battle sequences leaves much to be desired . For example , in one scene , Lee is seen riding with several staff members and subordinates and says , `` To all commanders attack . '' This would have taken place during the very late morning or just after noon . The next scene shows the death of Union General John Reynolds . Reynolds was shot very early in the mornings fight , long before Rodes ' division arrived on the field and the afternoon attacks occured . Later , Tom Chamberlain is talking with some Confederate prisoners . First the prisoner says he 's from Tennessee , Archer 's brigade . He then says he was captured in the Railroad Cut . Anyone with even a minimal knowledge of the battle knows it was Joe Davis 's Mississippians who were engaged in the RR Cut , Archer 's Tennesseans were on the south side of the Chambersberg Pike in McPherson 's Woods fighting the Iron Brigade . And one last inaccuracy I will point out -LRB- although there are many others -RRB- is Chamberlain and the 20th Maine . Did they fight valiantly ? Yes ! Did they save the Union army ? Alone , definately NO !! They had a large part , but much other valiant fighting occured on Little Round Top . Also , the famous bayonet charge is way overblown . Col. William Oates stated he was on the verge of pulling back after 3 hard charges up the hill . The Alabamians were not making another charge up the hill when the 20th charged down the hill . Chamberlain led the 20th gallantly , and was an important part of the defense , but other commanders knew how to `` refuse the line '' and order `` counter charges '' ; it was pretty basic tactics and any good colonel would have done the same.I enjoy the movie as a Civil War movie and love watching it for entertainment . However , if it 's historical accuracy you want , there are many excellent books out there to read . For history read `` Gettysburg
 This movie was excellent except for the depiction of General Robert E Lee which was absolutely horrible . Martin Sheen 's depiction of a snivelling , second guessing , wimp was so off base . Casting Sheen as Lee was a total blasphemy of Lee 's character . Regardless of his service to the Confederacy , Lee was an outstanding leader , intelligent and strong , You would expect to see a bigger then life man motivating and captivating his troops while standing strong and true . Whoever made this casting decision made the wrong one . Every other character and aspect of this film was almost true to life ... it is an excellent experience if you can get past the scenes with Sheen . ... but , to be truly honest , Martin Sheen really ruined the film for me which is the reason why I have never viewed it again since it was released .
 I have the regular DVD in 4:3 Ratio and was looking forward to this Blu Ray release . I even bought a new Panasonic blu ray player just for this movie.Upon first viewing , It seemed like everything is too dark with poor shadow detail , even after color adjustments . I have a Panasonic 1080p plasma HDTV and I can tellwhen picture quality is not there . It is sharp but I think there is something wrong with the transfer to Blu ray . Maybe there will be a REDUX/REMASTERversion released next year . The movie itself is excellent all the way through , no problem with the movie itself .
 &#34; Gods and Generals &#34; was produced after &#34; Gettysburgh &#34; , yet depicts events that occurred historically before the events in &#34; Gettysburg &#34; . &#34; Gods and Generals &#34; , despite the critics , did a fine job of interweaving character development with complex historical-battle timelines . You CARED for the characters . One of the finest moments is when Stonewall Jackson , superbly cast and played by Stephen Lang , breaks down at the news that a child he befriended died . No words -- just presence . Another superbly cast role in &#34; Gods and Generals &#34; is Robert Duvall as Robert E. Lee.Juxtapose just these two roles from &#34; Gods and Generals &#34; with &#34; Gettysburgh &#34;
 I have Netflix as well and never have this problem ... this movie froze numerous times which took away from the viewing experience
 Got this to show my students and after 20 minutes of straight dialogue , no action , I was so bored I decided against it . I am sure there is value but I did n't have the patience to find it so I was sure my 13-year-olds would n't either !
 The blue ray version stinks . The original widescreen production was chopped to fit the hd size tv 's . It loses alot due to the cropped picture . The addition scenes are worthless , and I see why they endeed up on the cutting room floor . I 'll give it away and watch my original DVD copy thank you .
 For a casual viewer , ` Gettysburg ' is an interesting and educational look at the American Civil War . Both the North and South 's reasons for fighting this bloody conflict are portrayed equally in most respects . However , as a Civil War reenactor , I found this film to be somewhat inaccurate in its portrayal of the common Civil War soldier . First and foremost , the majority of the `` grunts '' we see marching past the cameras tend to be middle aged men who could stand to lose a few pounds . This can get irritating when you realize that the average Civil War soldier was 21 years old and was usually -LRB- at least for the Confederates -RRB- very thin from lack of a good diet . There 's this huge overweight Confederate NCO who appears at the beginning of the movie who just makes you wan na cringe . And we 're supposed to believe that this guy marched all the way to PA from Virginia ? Right . Another problem I had with this movie were the fake looking beards . Longstreet 's looked like it came right off the shelf at a Walgreen 's after Halloween clearance sale . However , my biggest gripe with this film was its sterilzed combat scenes . You never see any blood ! Unlike ` Saving Private Ryan ' where you see soldiers being blown apart , the men in Gettysburg merely fall down as if they are at a reenactment . Granted , this was originally a made-for-TV movie . But on the big screen , these inaccuracies loom large . Again , notwithstanding the inaccurate portrayal of the common Civil War soldier , ` Gettysburg ' manages to teach us that war is stupid and that many good people will die . -LRB- Note
 What a waste of a fine cast . Tom Berringer , -LRB- great in Platoon -RRB- Martin Sheen , -LRB- great in Apocalypse Now -RRB- and Jeff Daniels . All of them capable actors . This should have been a great film . But it was done in by a terrible script , and sub-par battle re-enactments . The soaring , saccharine music did n't help things either . Gettysburg is a defining moment in American history . The men who fought there , Union and Rebel , are heroes . Their memory has been diminished by this movie . Take a look at a very famous and common picture from the war . It shows three Rebels captured at Gettysburg . It is printed in almost every illustrated history of the war . The men are lean , mean and almost arrogant in their pose . Hard men , living on poor rations and forced on long , grueling marches . Men who worked hard their whole lives and were not afraid of physical labor . Compare them to the fat , soft looking men portraying the soldiers in this movie . I do n't believe uniforms in 1864 were manufactured in the 4xxxx size most of these `` actors '' required . These men looked fake , they looked like lazy , beer drinking couch potatos , not the battle hardened Army of Northern Virginia . My God , several looked out of breath running up Little Round Top . I think they needed oxygen masks off camera !! The language and gore of battle are also kept to a minimum . I do n't pretend to be a combat veteran , but I know battle is a messy , brutal affair . I have been told many stories by WW II vets . A bunch of fat boys being thrown in the air after a cannon shot does not portray the sheer brutality of war . What about the screaming , wounded men littering the battlefield ? Forgotten heroes . Men are torn apart by artillery . There is cowardice and heroism in every army , and it was not shown in this film . Instead we get long speeches , designed to bring a sentimental tear to our eyes , that never comes , punctuated by phony facial hair .
 ... and that is my biggest problem with this movie , hence only two stars . Unlike the Movie produced by Turner , General Lee was far from confused about his invasion of the North in 1863 . And while he did rely heavily on Maj. Gen. J.E.B. Stuart 's cavalry for his intelligence and to screen the main Army 's movements , Turner made it look as though Stuart 's absence was one of the main reasons for the Confederate defeat ... which certainly was n't the case . And Lee was n't without Cavalry , as Gen. Fitzhugh Lee 's cavalry was on hand . Another problem I had was this movie also made Longstreet look more brilliant and even-headed than Lee . While Longstreet was an able commander , especially at the Corps and Division level , he was no Lee.I enjoyed the story line and the focus on the first day 's actions with Maj. General John Buford holding Seminary Ridge against overwhelming odds . I also enjoyed Jeff Daniels ' portrayal of Joshua Chamberlain , and his speech prior to the action on Little Round Top . And Pickett 's Charge made me weep . But , my Southern Pride -LRB- I was born in Tennessee and raised in Kentucky -RRB- was stung by the confused and indecisive prortrayal of Lee by Martin Sheen -LRB- someone seemed to forget that General Lee was over six feet tall and rather angular , Sheen being considerably shorter and less angular ... -RRB- . General Lee certainly did have a reason for invading the North and was n't as confused as portrayed in this film.Besides General Lee 's portrayal , a very Historically accurate film , and good entertainment .
 The movie seemed historically accurate as told from the Union side . Unfortunately , the movie leaves out many important battlefield events -- events like the `` battle of the wheatfield , '' or the fighting in the orchard . Much is left out . My main complaint was a lack of passion in this movie -- a lack of emotion . The characters walk into the battle like toy soldiers , albeit colorful ones . They seem to take pride in a lack of emotion . On every level , this movie fails to show the stress of battle , the fear , the hatred , the horror or emotion of human beings shooting each other down by the hundreds like cattle on a smoky , choking , dusty , noisy , confused battlefield . Maybe I am missing the point , but I just could not feel this movie -- it lacked emotion , and I probably would not watch it again .
 This so-called `` movie '' is 254 minutes of my life I WANT BACK ! Quite possibly the worst directing , cinematography , writing , editing and/or acting I have seen since ... -LRB- gosh , I ca n't even recall ever seeing anything that had such multiple failures ! -RRB- The Writing
 Until the action sequences and battle simulations , this thing plods . The script is very poor . Martin Sheen turns in another wooden portrayal . It had to be long to cover the three days of battle , but basically the only worthwhile aspect is the action , beginning with the struggle on Little Round Top . Using reenactors and authentic locations was about the only good idea at work in this thing . Despite all that , probably worth seeing , just for the action , and here and there some of the performances .
 since you have n't actually sent me this dvd I do n't know how you expect me to review it . Up to you .
 This would be a lot better movie if it was n't so long . There is only so much violent warfare that I can take in one sitting , and this movie has about one hour more than my limit . The movie is also a lot more sympathetic to the North than the South . This movie certainly makes me glad that I did n't have to participate in the Civil War .
 I ca n't belive that some of these reveiwers were watching the same movie that I saw . This movie was OK with history , but too many vorbose monologes for me . Everyone was going on and on with long speeches which told a lot but were way to boring . Martin Sheen was a terrible Robert E. Lee . His acent was not belivable at all , he sounded more like he was from South Boston rather than Virginia . And what was with his hat ? Was n't he carrying it most of the movie ? Did they pay someone a lot to do his hair and that is why he almost never wore it ? I am a big Civil War person and have a great interest in the time but this movie was soo long that I thought I actually spent the 3 days the battle took . I would have given it a 1 except the history was fairly close to the way it was .
 This DVD was horrible quality . It looked like a pirated dvd . Very difficult to watch .
 This film was on TV a few years ago and I tried to watch it . One of the first red flags was Martin Sheen playing General Robert E. Lee . Egads ! What an insult to General Robert E. Lee ! Robert Duvall was a much more believable Robert E. Lee in `` Gods and Generals . '' And did you know that Robert Duvall is a descendant of General Lee ? Yes . Click on the trivia facts link on the `` Gods and Generals '' page here at Amazon . Duvall even kind of looked like Lee , which I can not say for Sheen.I have seen some negative reviews of `` Gods and Generals '' saying it was too much dialogue and not enough battle . Thats interesting , since I thought `` Gettysburg '' was too much talk , and just plain boring . And sorry to repeat myself but Martin Sheen playing Robert E. Lee puts this movie in the toilet for me .
 There are two run time versions of this movie.This listing had it at 261 minutes which I have only seen on TV and has some interesting added material to the 254 minutes length of the origional release.As I had purchased a 254 minute length DVD years ago I was disappointed to get another 254 minute version on this order . I did n't want 2 of the same length.It was only 8.99 so not worth sending back .
 I 'm not rating the movie itself , just the disc.In a word awful . The transfer to blu-ray on this disc is muddy and dark . My DVD is far better . I could n't watch to the end of the first day of the battle I was so irritated by the quality.To be fair , I do n't know if I got a bad disc and others are better . I love this film and am very disappointed .
 Let 's admit it , the only reason the Terminator franchise was good was because of James Cameron , once he left , it was a crapshoot at best , with most of the proceeding Terminator-related material being crap . Take Arnold out of it , and let 's face it , you better have one heckuva great storyline & great characters . This show , unfortunately did not turn out this . Always miscast , Lena Hedley & Thomas Dekker bring a brooding whinyness to the series , with a distinct feel of emo . Sure , Summer Glau elevates the show , but she can only do so much . For the first season , I started out engaged , but as soon as I watched an episode back , I realized it was the drek that it was . Of course , by the time I realized this , I was already 8 episodes in , and it was too late to turn back . Going into the second year , it only got worse . I kept waiting for plotlines to go places , but they 'd lose my attention before continuing it once more . I 'd wait for action , but what there was , was disappointing at best . Make no mistake about it , TSCC is a sci-fi drama , but the drama is uninteresting & undramatic , and painfully bad at worst.Maybe I did n't get it , and maybe I 'm not emo enough to put up with the brooding and emoness , but Fox made the right decision here in not renewing it for a 3rd season . I 'm sure all would have been fine once the storylines , and the show got where it wanted to go , but I imagine in the end we 'd all be left wondering why we wasted so many precious hours . A cancellation Fox actually got right , who would have thought . Do n't listen to the fanboys , this is not worth your time , because this show terminated so many hours of my life.Only Summer Glau elevates this above one star .
 Well I do n't know about y' all , but I 'm a real dyed in the wool scifi fan from way back , and as much as I really wanted to like this show there were several reasons why I found it really hard to pallet . First , I 'm all for strong women & women 's independence and all that ... , hell , some of my best friends are strong and independent women , starting with my momma & big Sis . But c'mon folks , I for one ca n't keep taking the blue pill ! How many times is a 96 pound woman gon na kick the living stuffing outa a 250 lbs special forces trained bad guy without getting even one little scratch ! And the lil momma 's - boy is just to old for momma to be tryna save his bacon all the time ! He 's too old ! Old enough to be leading the way & saving mamma 's lil keister once in a while , dont-cha think . Oh yeah , and Sarah aint Arnie ! So quit with the corny one liners written for him ... coming outa the mouth of a 96lb woman or man it reeks of cornball machismo , and it 's boring . I wish Hollywood could get it through their heads that a strong , independent woman does not have to be a man in drag , or act like one ! A woman can be strong and feminine at the same time ! Their strength is different , but equally potent to a man 's , so stop writing strong women as women with gender identification issues ! So , nice try , I have the 1st season on DVD and have already ordered the 2nd season , but lets face it ... this stink bomb was doomed from the start , and I for one am NOT looking for a 3rd season .
 I thought the first season was decent so I turned into the second with high hopes but the show never really got beyond mediocre the second year which is ashame . Good cast but fair writing make this on par with the third season of Heroes . If you like Sci Fi and good writing , you might be smart to head in another direction than this show .
 I DID N'T CARE TOO MUCH FOR THIS SERIES BUT I PURCHASED THIS DVD SET FOR A FRIEND WHO JUST ENJOY WATCHING THIS SCI-FI DUD !
 I can not believe the customer reviews of this series . I can only assume they 're being sarcastic , because Terminator
 Shenanigans , all 40 + reviews thus far , bogus . The show is lame by the way , big budget overacting and boo on Amazon for allowing reviews before the product is released ...
 Wow ! How many john conners do you need 5 ? 2 or 3 sarah 's ? different movies , different series give me a freaking brake trash that stupid crap !!! They should get the Blade the series back !!!
 It wandered . Full of emotional turmoils instead of cyborgs . And I 'm ashamed to say the liquid metal 's terminator 's acting was awful -LRB- despite being a fellow Scot -RRB- . I would not recommend this season even to hardened fans of the series so far .
 I truly enjoyed season one of `` Terminator , The Sarah Connor Chronicles , '' however , I can not say the same about season two . The series is supposed to take off after the action packed movie `` Terminator 2 . '' Season two of TTSCC looks more like a soap opera than a action packed story . I have watched the first twelve episodes and the experience has been a real torture , sometimes I think I 'm watching CSI combined with a lot of boring drama . I even fast forwarded some scenes trying to speed things up , I do n't know if I will be able to finish the whole thing . On a good note , I like Cameron , she makes the show somewhat interesting . Some people critized that she looks more like the main character than John Connor , I think that should be considered an improvement instead of a mistake . I wish I could give season two zero stars .
 Just to clarify , the series itself is good , although it drags in the middle.But if this was a movie , or a book , it would get a hammering in the reviews for not concluding in any way.You know the great thing about stories , THE ENDING.This series asks loads of questions , opens many story arcs ... and closes ONE.If you 've watched the series you 'll know what I mean , two characters introduced in this serieshave there stories told to a satisfactory conclusion , and only two.The main characters do n't so much have their stories told as ... all meet up in the end.THATS IT , they meet , and then a cliffhanger which answers nothing.So I can agree its not -LRB- entirely -RRB- the studios fault they were cancelled.But when there is any risk of cancellation the classy thing to do is close most story arcs and leave a few open.In fact , the good series do this ANYWAY.So this series leaves EVERYTHING open and closes NOTHING.Disgraceful .
 do n't wast you time watching this crap episode . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ...
 Season 2 is unnecessarily stretched to 22 episodes that do not carry a sound contents to make the story go on . I am missing `` the Leading Cord '' like it is always present in e.g. Jacks Bauer 's action in `` 24 '' . Dialogs are dull , do not show much more than the `` Black and White '' character statics.In general since the first `` Terminator '' the notion of the `` Time Paradoxon '' has never been evaluated , so that people can understand what it means to travel back in time and to change something . Everything stays always on one level of a perceived reality . Terminator and The Sarah-Connor-Chronicles are shallow action movies with a lot of violence , stupid dialogs and a storybook that is in stellar distance off reality even in the Science Fiction Genre that in my opinion it is a waste of time and money.In 2027 we going to fight for survival because of unpredicted weather events due to the climate change that we now know will happen for sure or struggle to search for new affordable energy sources rather than indipendent thinking and planning maschines that would extinguish mankind . The wars that will be fought in the near future will certainly be wars between different human interest groups to get hands on the last oil reserves in the world .
 Anyone that can sit through both seasons deserves some kind of prize or monetary compensation . The series is totally void of any working script . It just ad-libs from one episode to the next . In a nutshell , the two seasons depict how one Sara Connor babysits her woose-cookie son John , dragging him from one poorly concealed hideout to the next . They are accompanied by an unlikely uncle and a protecting she-robot from the future . The she-robot , who poses as John 's sister Cameron , is the most rewarding aspect of the entire escapade . It 's as though the producers knew the script would n't be engaging so they threw her into the mix to keep the viewers laughing , as she continually breaks arms , necks and gun 's down people the Connors are too timid to kill . These are definitely not the Connor 's who save mankind . They have obviously been planted by the future to keep the robots , from the future , guessing.It 's just too painful to watch . Arnold , save us ! Please make an appearance and wipe them all out .
 This show started really good but now its like they are all filers or stupid.This episode made no sense no real point to the story.Cameron is useless in most episode now . She is the only reason i like the show to begin with . The other character are n't as interesting has a T101 female terminatorWhy am i paying money for this.If they do n't watch out they will get canceled.kyle xy is getting canceled but this show is not WTF.I do n't get it , is it me or is it really getting boring and pointless to watch this show recently . I really want this show to be great it has so much potential . But lets face it Fox is not what it used to be.How many American idol have we gone through yet ? ... manyI have all the terminator episode but i will stop i work so i do n't get to see it on TV.But at least hero is still good and supernatural also
 I reviewed this erroneously & an figure out how to delete it . There does n't seem to be a delete button . I also need 20 words so I guess I 'll just jabber away .
 I watched this series it wa n't great but it was fun - until the final episode . The ending made this whole series quite disappointing and unworthy of the Terminator Franchise.In the final episode John time travels , and ends up in a future where no one knows him . He does n't exist in that future . The series ended with Skynet getting exactly what it wanted , a world without John Connor.That was intolerable !
 This tape consists of very old cartoons that are in the public domain . If you 're looking for Foghorn Leghorn cartoons , look elsewhere . This tape contains one mediocre Foghorn Leghorn cartoon -LRB- Crowing Pain -RRB- , and three other non-Foghorn Leghorn cartoons -LRB- I Want To Be A Sailor , All 's Fair At The Fair , and An Elephant Never Forgets -RRB- .
 i wanted an old tape of the rooster , foghorn leghorn , and the video was not about him . it was a bugs bunny and elmer fud video . not pleased .
 It 's a good thing Stanley Kubrick did n't set out to make his fortune as a criminal . If his sorry script for `` The Killing '' is any indication , he was n't exactly a stickler for important details , like the plot . The stumblebums in this heist film leave so many clues behind them a blind man could follow the trail . A couple of hilarious examples among dozens
 I bought this DVD because it was directed by Stanley Kubrick , but it was obvious a film in his earliest stage of development.The movie is narrated like a Walter Winchell crime documentary or in the style of the old Dragnet program.The only thing good that probably came out of this film was Mr Kubrick remembered Sterling Hayden , and used him later in one of his terrific films Dr Strangelove.A very laughable old film about a racetrack robbery.I do n't recommend .
 I do n't know what to think about this . I own the all of the original versions of volumes 1-4 -LRB- plus the first 2 movies -RRB- on DVD . I do n't understand why the last two movies are available on blu-ray as are season 5 & 6 and yet , they spring for this package redesign -LRB- which is gorgeous and great -RRB- but * no * high-def transfer ?? Way to hold out on the fans , Fox . It 'd would be tempting , but i 'll pass on this double-dip -LRB- or is it triple at this point ? -RRB- tactic until the Volumes are re-released in high-def blu-ray .5 stars for cohesive design . 0 stars for DVD .
 This set of cartoons are mostly sarcastic , sometimes base and vulgar , revealing , for what cartoons can reveal , and yet even funny , that is if one can get past the afronting style of the writers . I would not recommend this for children .
 I have purchased the first 3 volumes of the futurama series . i never really watched the show when it was on t.v. since i have and love all the simpsons seasons that have been release as well as every season of south park on dvd , i have to say futurama is really funny , SOMETIMES . you pretty much have to sit through idiotic episodes to get to the funny gags . when they do hit , they are right on . but this show is far inferior to the simpsons . with the simpsons you get good plots , strong characters , and of course funny jokes . the simpsons are just more streamlined . futurama 's plots many times do n't make much sense -LRB- same problem with the Family Guy -RRB- . with a better plot the gags are much funnier . i can completely see why fox canceled this show and it did not catch on with the general public . i am a fan of animation stitcoms , so i will be buying vol . 4 , but if your not sure , you 're better off sticking with the simpsons or south park . those shows are much better .
 After hearing so many good things about this movie , I was greatly disappointed . Denzel gives a great performance , but I would hardly call it Oscar-worthy . Actually , it 's hard to say what an Oscar worthy performance is anymore , since so many of the awards are given for political reasons and are based less and less on artistic merit . It was the same with Al Pacino and his award for the very trite `` Scent of a Woman '' Ugh . The performances by Washington and Hawke are very good and very steady throughout , but the script seems to be thrown together . Basically , it 's a mess . I would have liked to see more of a build-up concerning the deal with the Russians-it 's almost presented as an afterthought.Yup , more clarity in the narrative would have made this film a whole lot better ... Episodes of the Shield are better written than this !
 Although the filming and acting is good , ... The language is terrible and unnecessary , and almost made the film un-watchable for me . The movie doesnt have a point . For the first hour you wonder were it is going , and then the ending doesnt really resolve any of the subplots that I saw ` sort of ' develop . Also you have seen this before a hundred times . Basically a waste of plastic . There are many other movies worth renting .
 I heard from numerous people that this movie was great . I was so excited when it finally arrived on DVD . Boy did I make a mistake . The acting was very good yes , but the story did not have an ounce of believability . The story about Denzel 's character having to pay off the Russians , or whoever they were , was so dull and seemed like a mistake at the point of the film where it was introduced . Watchable but very uninspired .
 Dislike is too weak to express my feelings . I bought the movie after seeing reviews and absolutely hated this movie . The action parts seemed contrived . The characters so flawed that no one was likeable . I did n't even like Ethan Hawke 's character . He was so weak in the beginning of the movie that his sudden change to a `` man of character '' did n't work for me . I just got the feeling that the director and cast decided to experiment with a new genre and it did n't work out .
 The previews to this movie are extremely misleading , the film lacks a decent story and is basically a violent shoot em up bad cop flick ! Denzel Washington is definately not meant to be the bad guy , although convincing in his portrayal , it somehow did not fit . Ethan Hawkes preformance was shoddy at best.I have not seen very many movies that are this bad , however I rented it for free and yet still feel as though I paid too much!If your into watching two straight hours of violence then this might be the flick for you , however if you are looking for a film with at least a bit of a story behind it , then you should definately look elsewhere because this is certianly not it !
 This is part review and part rant . But mostly rant.I had absolutely no desire to see `` Training Day . '' Nothing about the previews appealed to me . The word-of-mouth from friends was ... Well , they mostly bad-mouthed the movie , as they were at a loss to understand why so much praise had been heaped on this far-fetched `` cartoon . `` But I decided to see for myself and pay the rental fee at Blockbuster . Thank heavens I did n't waste my hard-earned dollars buying the DVD because having seen the movie once , I have no desire to see it again.For the record , I admire Denzel Washington -- certainly one of our greatest actors . I found his performance in `` Philadlephia '' absolutely reviting -- as Oscar-worthy as Tom Hanks ' . Of course , 1993 was a banner year for the Best Actor category , with Liam Neeson in `` Schindler 's List '' and the overlooked Kevin Costner in the terribly under-appreciated `` A Perfect World . `` So , my main interest in `` Training Day '' was seeing the performance judged superior , by the Academy Award voters , to Russell Crowe 's in `` A Beautiful Mind . '' Crowe 's portrayal of John Nash was brilliant -- tormented , arrogant , pitiful . And he ages 40 years in the course of the film.Now I do n't know a thing about Russell Crowe the man , but his work in `` A Beautiful Mind '' was astonishing . Truly one of the greatest performances I 've ever experienced.I 'm afraid the 2001 Oscar race for Best Actor was a popularity contest , with the final decision based more on the actor 's personalities instead of their performances . It was Denzel 's time , his turn , whatever.Sadly , that his moment of triumph would be associated with `` Training Day '' only adds more tarnish to the Academy Awards , ranking right up there -- or down there ? -- with other Oscar travesties such as `` Shakespeare In Love '' over `` Saving Private Ryan '' or , for that matter , Crowe for `` Gladiator '' over Hanks in `` Castaway . `` I actually found myself snickering through much of `` Training Day , '' which stretches your willing suspension of disbelief with a series of ridiculous violent confrontations and implausible coincidences , then snaps it with an utterly unconvincing , completely outrageous climatic fight scene . Apparently , Ethan Hawke 's rookie detective could fly.How can some call this movie gritty and realistic?Which brings me back to my BIG RANT about `` Training Day . '' Denzel Washington 's character is representative of the entire movie
 It 's sad that as talented as Denzel is that he won the oscar for this -LSB- junk -RSB- . He is a terrific actor , but I guess it was a black year , no way was he better than Russell Crowe . He has done many great movies , for which he deserved an oscar , but this was not one of them .
 This was one of the worst Denzel films I have ever seen . I expected something amazing -LRB- after all he did win an oscar for the role -RRB- . This film does not compared to the other great work he has done -LRB- Malcom X , Devil in a Blue Dress , The Bone Collector -RRB- . I feel sorry that of all the roles Mr. Washington has played this is the one which Hollywood most appreciates.It is the typical Hollywood portrayal of Black men . Negative .
 Are you kidding !! Continuing the trend of showing how out of touch the Academy Awards is with quality cinema these days , they chose to give Denzel an Oscar for this laughable performance . The Academy Awards has n't made a mistake this big since . . well let 's see , last year when they snubbed Ellen Burstyn for her exceptional performance in Requiem for a Dream , and gave the Oscar to actress/hack Julia Roberts.Training Day is a terrible flick , filled with shallow performances , and a lackluster story . It was an arduous task to even sit through the whole movie . If you have any discernible taste at all , you 'll avoid this picture like the plague . The only film worse than this last year was `` Pearl Harbor '' . Do n't get me started on that one .
 what a stupid movie . Hawke ca n't act , Denzel does his best A-hole , and all with a plot that any rookie cop could shoot holes though.I meen COME ON if hawke did n't know know that he was being set up in the first five minutes he deserves to get busted.it sure show 's the poor taste of the oscars that they gave Denzel an award for his worst preformance yet .
 This is one of the worst movies I 've ever seen - it 's truly deplorable , totally unbelievable . There 's no way on earth the sleeze-ball portrayed by Denzel Washington in this flick could ever become the commander of an elite police unit in a major US city - just no way . And if I were a Hispanic or Black American , I would be totally insulted by the way my people are portrayed in this film . ALL of them appear to be low-life , drug guzzling , promiscuous whores and thugs . The only character with any morals is , of course , white . How do these so-called `` film makers '' sleep at night ? What some people will do for money never ceases to amaze me .
 THE worst ! Washington and Hawke exchange badly scripted rants in performances no better than those found in really wretched community theatre . Fuqua 's uninspired directing turns this movie into a typical made-for-ghetto blaster . The corrupt-cop genre has been done better MANY times before . As for Oscar , God in not great , D . In this case , God is overly generous .
 This `` film '' was a painful experience from start to merciful finish . This movie was Copland , Boyz in the Hood , and Colors rolled into one film of far lesser value . If you are looking for a well written and interesting `` action/drama '' skip this one and try `` American Yakuza '' .
 As a black man and a lover of blacks in film , I thought Training day was one of Denzel 's worst roles and his worst performance on film . While watching the movie I always got the impression that he was reading a script on how to be tuff and ruthless , but failed miserably at both . It 's one of those things that hard to explain . Your facial expression , your body language has to sync with your speech when doing a play or performing on film . It 's akin to capturing the essence of the rage of an Inner City youth in all its nuance . It would be difficult for an actor into Shakespearean play to try and pull off the street verbage of an Inner City youth - capturing the fire and the rage and still make it `` look real '' . By the same token , the reverse would be true if you ask the Inner City youth to do Shakespeare , while not being impossible , it would be difficult . Denzel Washington receiving an Academy Award for this film and not receiving one for the film `` The Mighty Quinn '' , is to stand justice on its head . He was superb in that film - he lived the role . The people in charge of award selections do n't know what to look for in an actor who is to portray a tuff guy - they have their cliques and attend their champagne Holloywood parties , but the do n't know `` Street '' the way I do - If you get my drift . Training Day will not be a part of my DVD library , but I have many other fine Denzel Washington films to fall back on.PS
 I watched Training Day with high expectations , after Denzel Washington 's Academy Award . After watching this film , I can tell you that Denzel deserved his Oscar alright -- he just did n't earn it in this film . Washington has demonstrated his extraordinary talent in everything from Glory to Philadelpha to The Hurricane , and it is a crime that he received his biggest accolade not for any of those three films , but for this overdone , unconvincing bit of celluloid . There 's no question that Washington does quality work here , but leave it to the Academy to confuse an impressive turn in a contrary-to-type role with an Oscar-worthy performance . -LRB- Seemed to be a theme this year , as Halle Berry 's good-but-not-great performance in an ugly role took home an Oscar as well , when other of her performances were far more deserving . -RRB- In terms of quality , Ethan Hawke 's performance as the morally conflicted rookie was far , far more impressive.The real problem , however , is the film , which has its high points , including several high-tension moments between Alonzo and Jake , but devolves into a formulaic good-cop vs. bad-cop story with a totally anti-climactic < I > deus ex machina < I > ending . Director Fuqua shows promise , but has some growing up to do .
 Tediously written and dialogue heavy . It would have been better as a play than a movie , with so much dialogue . And Ethan Hawke is really miscast ... he 's frail and pale and totally unbelievable as an L.A.P.D. cop . Denzel Washington 's performance is contrived . He 's not believable as a hard manipulator . I know he won the Oscar . But I still think his performance falls short .
 This is perhaps one of the worst and most mindless movies i 've ever seen . Their is no semblence of plot and the movie has a feel of aimlessness . It does n't feel like its going anywhere . Its filled with tons of meaningless violence and macho garbage that are the staple of movies aimed at younger males but it lacks a compelling story to go along with it . The ending where the rookie cop leaves the crooked cop to die and somehow he is let free -LRB- though we do n't see how -RRB- before being shot by russians that are mentioned twice in the movie but not brought into the plot is terrible . On the plus Denzel shows his acting talent , but even he can not save a film that lacks both plot and meaning .
 I was lucky enough to see this with the equally awful FROM HELL , what a day that was for all the wrong reasons -- I 'm not quick to critisise a film , and always have a strong reason to back it up . But what was wrong with Training Day could be a list the size of my arm.Denzel and Ethan was nothing more than average in their roles.The director showed very little tallent with the material.The biggest fault was the script writer -LRB- whom i cant remember his name -RRB- who comes out with the most cliched story ever.So the film goes on and never gets that bit interesting and thenarrives at possibly the worst film ending in history ... There are plenty more bad points I can say about this film , but what really annoys me is the way the British media , mainly filmmagazines totally overrated the film , even more so when the Academy gave Denzel THAT OSCAR ... It 's a prime example of manafactured hipe that a good portionof the public swallowed.To end Training Day is glamourised rubbish , B-movie in a celebrity Jacket --
 I have a hard time believing that people actually thought that this was a great movie . The story was terrible . I dont think that the acting was great . Finally the ending was completly stupid . Overall this movie is completly overrated . I am still mad i wasted 4 dollars on the rental of this dvd .
 Every time I watch a Denzel Washington movie , I am watching Denzel 's fiery , over-the-top persona . Thankfully , most of the movies he has done are well suited to this persona . Of course , I have not seen all of his movies , but the ones I have seen -LRB- Training Day , The Hurricane , Remember the Titans -RRB- back up this observation . I guess that John Q. , Malcolm X , Antwone Fisher will give me the same `` explosive performance . '' Sure , it is good occasionally , but brilliant ? I would n't go that far.In Training Day , Denzel is his usual self . His performance is adequate because the role is scripted for his style . However , the premise of the movie is so ridiculous that Denzel 's usual , predictable work only adds fuel to this sinking ship . The police officers -LRB- mainly Denzel 's character -RRB- are so totally corrupt and sink to such depths that any rational person would have a hard time accepting their antics , even on a lazy Saturday afternoon with nothing else to do . My advice ? Do n't waste your time on this ridiculous and predictable movie .
 I was down the nick with Ray ` contemporaneous notes ' Lewis . `` That was great . Come back tomorrow and we 'll play the game again '' said contempo . `` I ca n't put my trousers back on with these cuffs . Where 's the key ? '' I protested . `` On the floor under the desk . Now get on your knees , slave '' he snarled . There 's no escaping contempo when you put on a DVD that 's criminal . You immediately get the knock . I do n't mean counterfeit , I 'm talking about the plot . The net conclusively proves that when whitey gets up close and personal with Mr African-American , he will pay close attention to the floor . In fact , a mere flick of the wrist is enough . Not so in this Hollywood movie , of course . After getting what can only be described as a comprehensive going over from Denzel Washington for quarter of an hour , you would think Ethan Hawke would be off for an urgent appointment with a life support machine . Eschewing the usual coma , Ethan lives up to his surname by launching himself off a roof straight on the bonnet of Denzel 's car . Then with a bone structure last attributed to Reed Richards , he proceeds in his police work seemingly none the worse for wear . The only film worse than this is ` Dark Blue ' with a criminal performance from Kurt Russell . As Ray ` contemporaneous notes ' Lewis would say
 nor is it even enlightened social commentary.It 's just another fantasy movie about a good guy -LRB- white rookie cop who lives in suburban LA - what was his last job ? corporate CFO ? -RRB- and a bad cop -LRB- black guy with Latino wife living in middle of gang infested jungle - I have n't been there , so ca n't comment -RRB- . This movie is a downer from start to finish that left me wonder why I spent two hours with it.Denzel best actor ? Not based on this film . The political tide of Hollywood finally turned his way . Sure , the character is scary and creepy , but he 's ultimately just another Hollywood fantasy thug.I gave it two stars , because it at least inspired me to comment on the sad state of moviemaking these days .
 Aside from Denzel 's character throwing obsenities around every five seconds , this movie did not hold the viewer 's attention . Although the events took place in one day , the movie dragged on for what seemed like a week . Denzel has just played the protaganist too many times ; his transformation to an immoral cop did not show his range as an actor ... it just proved trying too hard to be `` evil '' ends up making you look like the exaggerated villian of a melodrama .
 I 'm very pleased that I only RENTED this movie . Why this was worth an Oscar is a mystery to me . As the DVD does n't contain any `` extras '' disregarding the usual trailers stuff , this really is n't a Collectors DVD.The movie never gets around to a motive for the actions . There is ths good guy and this bad guys . The good guy could have gone away from the bad guy many times before the action really starts . But why the good guy stays around the bad guy seems a real mystery . Why the bad guy is a bad guy is obviously not interesting as we never even get a hint why someone becomes corrupt and crazy as Denzel plays.The actors are fine -LRB- not great -RRB- - I have a problem with the story line . It 's clear that lots and lots of background scenes have been cut out leaving you with an empty feeling and not really enganged in the movie as it runs.If you do n't believe me - rent it first - it 's not worth owning .
 Denzel Washington Finally switched His Game up here.He was becoming the Babyface of Movies where you could tell His Next Line 5 Minutes in Advance but this Film He takes a whole different turn.Ethan Hawke does pretty Good in a Judd Nelson -LRB- New Jack City Meets Donnie Brasco -RRB- Meets Johnny Deep kind of way.but the film on a whole is very Cliche in spots where it only shows certain elements but misses taken the Picture fully.everything about the film after a while becomes predictable & after almost a Hour it loses steam.while it exposes some interestign Elements it suffers from not being able to hold on & it spreads to thin overall.Denzel does a Solid Job in this otherwise Patchy Film .
 Training day is an over the top violent movie that excedes credibility on all levels . I could not recommend this movie for its violent content , foul langauage and script absurdity . I have found denzel to be one of today 's better actors and wished he had one the oscar for one of his past performances that he could be proud of.Though the movie is intense and carries with it heart pounding performances they are monotonal through out the movie with little to no depth of character . Shock value does not sustain a movie . So even though i am the minority here i can not recommend this movie -- go see Hurricane that was the oscar .
 I was very disappointed in this film . Denzel Washington 's character was over-the-top , and Denzel himself in this role was simply not believable as Alonzo Harris - a narcotics detective gone bad . Perhaps I 'm used to seeing Denzel in roles that are a little less vile . Aside from being overly violent , bloody , and sometimes downright gory , the story itself leaves a little to be desired in that the `` rookie '' -LRB- Ethan Hawke -RRB- is taken out for a day to learn the ropes of the Narcotics Unit , and is taught by Alonzo -LRB- Denzel -RRB- within the first few hours of training that the usual rules do n't apply on the streets . He uses his badge and the support of his superior officers to steal , murder , deceive , etc. , while explaining to Jake -LRB- Hawke -RRB- that in order to defeat the enemy he must become the enemy , in an attempt to justify his actions I guess . If I have to say something nice about this film it would be that Ethan Hawke delivered a knockout performance as the white boy rookie fighting against the temptation of corruption and the promise of making detective in 18 months in order to be a good cop . All in all , I ca n't understand why this film was nominated , much less won , any Oscars .
 The only reason this movie even merits 1 star is because I have consistently enjoyed movies featuring Ethan Hawke and Denzel Washington . Without reservations , I believe Washington should have won major awards for `` The Hurricane '' and he should have , garnered nominations , if not awards , for `` The Bone Collector '' . The major problems with `` Training Day '' : -LRB- 1 -RRB- Hawke wants to clean the streets of drugs , so of course he is going to smoke or ingest every drug his new boss hands him . The notion of taking drugs at all , let alone the first day on the job , would have been antithetical to the character . However , he smoked and injested as reccomended . Why did n't Hawke just get out of the car and go the hell home ? -LRB- 2 -RRB- Upon meeting the demons he was to work with , who threatened him , berated him , pointed weapons at him during the introduction , why would Hawke 's character have hung around ? He could have gone to work for Tony Soprano ; he would have had better pay , a friendlier working environment and a higher odds of survival had he moved to New Jersey . -LRB- 3 -RRB- I 'd sooner swallow `` Jeepers Creepers '' than `` Training Day '' . Even worse , I would compare `` The Ghosts of Mars '' as the wide-screen equivelent to `` 60 Minutes '' before I 'd believe `` Training ... ' . I like movies that make some sort of sense -LRB- even a twisted sense . -RRB- -LRB- 4 -RRB- In the fine `` Requiem for a Dream '' even white characters characters became lost in a world centered on drugs . This movie out black-ploitation-ed any projects that Richard Roundtree or a young Pam Grier were ever offerred . In addition , redneck Skin-Heads or KKK-ers have further ` Proof ' that whites should kill or escort ethnic groups out of the US borders . If there is one thing the world needs , it is the invitation to hate encouraged in `` Training ... '' . -LRB- 5 -RRB- Speaking of over-the-top , the only Oscar winning performance that can even compare to Washington 's win-crime is the dreadful Al Pacino 's boring , shrill , tiresome `` Scent of a Woman '' . I guess the Academy thought it owed these guys best actor nods for bringing in the bucks . Washington 's character was a departure for him . But the win is also a pat on the back approval by Academy Awarders for violence and for continuation of a stereotype . I love movie violence as much as the next person , however the characters in this movie would stroked out or had heart attacks long before the movie started were they as evil as characterized . `` Training Day '' would work better as a video game . -LRB- 6 -RRB- Why did that card-playing scene last so long ? As if the viewer needed any further clarification that minorities are violent and hateful and drug ridden and basically , dumb , but street smart . -LRB- 7 -RRB- Departure from characterization will probably be great for Washington 's career . However , as the departure was so extreme , I will be a little more guarded about going to see further Washington films . Michael Douglas can play pot-smoking college professors , concerned citizens , or ruthless , unethical power brokers . From this movie , Washington 's departure should have been discouraged until better written , stronger co-stars and a more interesting - less stereotypical character was written . -LRB- 8 -RRB- At least during another film I disliked , `` In the Bedroom '' , I was able to get at least an hour of refreshing sleep . Every time I drifted off in `` Training Year '' -LRB- oh , sorry ; that was only supposed to be a '' . . Day '' wasnt it ? -RRB- ... the film got really noisy or a snippet of the dreadful dialogued wrenched me from slumber . < ... the films of 2001 which were pretty ... dare I say it ? ... LOUSY .
 Not a typical role for Denzel , but being that I love his acting abiity I thought I would watch the movie . Suffice it to say that the movie was far more violent for my taste , and the ending was n't to my liking ... I thought it would have been far more satisfying to have denzels character caught and punished for his crimes rather than to see him go down like that ... I felt like it was the same o ' same o ' sterotype of the african-american male who is either a drug-dealer , rapist , murderer etc. . I left the theater feeling disgusted , utterly disatisfied and that the movie had been a total waste of my time and money ...
 It 's more like a drama than an action movie . It has its moments . It 's worth watching once .
 This movie was a great disappointment to me ... I suppose I did n't expect it to be so full of violence and deceit . My husband says I wear rose colored glasses , so it was much too realistic for my taste . I guess it 's one thing to know something like that might actually happen , but to see it is another story . Denzel did a good job , however ... ca n't knock his acting in this , but the movie on a whole left me feeling sad .
 This was not a good film . One questions whether the folks at the Academy even bothered to watch this film before they voted on the award for Denzel -LRB- who by the way did n't do any better a job with his acting in this film than you would expect from the average actor -RRB- . If you have not seen it , do so , for it will expose to you the fact that these awards were politically motivated , there really can be no other option ... and you will understand after you see this ... for it was not talent which earned any awards here . I really do like Denzel in most film , just not this one ... and if you see it ... I am willing to bet ... you will agree !
 I first of all am not a Denzel Washington fan . So my review is a little biase in the sense that I went in thinking this movie was going to be bad ... and boy was it . I first want to say that Denzel Washington is a good actor he just does n't do anything for me . I thought this movie was waaaayyyy over the top unrealistic and I could not in good consious recommend it . For one thing all the singers and rappers in the movie who ca n't act took away from any beliveable scenario . Ethan Hawkes character was such a wimp he had literally no back bone . Every `` bad '' thing that Denzels character wanted him to do he did it . I think this is one of the worse movies I ever seen . And the ending who did n't see that coming a mile away .
 I rarely if ever go to see violent films , but being a Denzel Washington fan , I just had to check this one out . He gave a good performance , as he always does . Unfortunately , I ca n't say that this particular film was too good . Hmn ... that 's probably why Tranining Day was n't nominated for anything other than actor . There are much better Denzel films at your local video store , o.k ? Oh , and as for the Academy of Motion Pictures Arts and Sciences , they have once again lost credibility by giving the lead actor award to a talented actor -LRB- Denzel -RRB- but for the wrong film . It 's ironic how Denzel himself was quoted as saying -LRB- weeks prior to the show -RRB- that he did not want the Academy to do him any favors and that the winners should win on their own merit . I could n't agree more . It 's an even greater shame that Will Smith , who had convinced himself that he -LRB- Will Smith -RRB- had no chance of winning for Ali , decided to go on one entertainment show after another , labeling the Academy as racist . What a pathetic thing to do Mr. Smith . Most first time nominees are flattered and honored , but not this guy . Oh , and did I mention that these `` racist themed interviews '' with Mr. Smith were done AFTER Halle Berry won the SAG ??? I truly believe that racial politics put a sour note on this years awards show . Oh , and probably the fact that the Academy did not want Russell to win -LRB- jealousy of his success , the Bafta incident , not an American ... who knows why ... -RRB- You 're a great actor Denzel , but Russell 's role in Beautiful Mind was much more of an Oscar caliber role . Shame on the Academy voters for acting like high school kids -LRB- i.e. voting for the popular guy as if they were voting for class president -RRB- , rather than acting like professionals and voting for the best performance .
 Oscar winning performance , indeed . This movie is an amalgum of every cop movie made in the last 20 years . There are no surprises , and the plot is transparent . Anyone could 've played the Washington character , including some of the bums I pass every morning on my way to work . What a stupendous waste of my money and time . Save yourself !
 i would just write bad 1000 times , but frankly it 's not worth it . denzel washington is an amazing actor , here he is showboating to no end , and does a poor job at it . ethan hawke at least does n't embaress himself , although he was in this muck .
 Training Day begins with such promise . Unfortunately , the potential of the story and the great acting are wasted by a convoluted trip through an utterly implausable plot . A true shame . By the second act one is left feeling cheated and further jaded by Hollywood 's inability to make motion pictures in this genre realistic and believable.The exposition of the film fills the viewer with optimism that one hell of a ride awaits . I was excited that what I was getting into what was going to be a film on par with some of the cops and robbers masterpieces -LRB- Heat for example -RRB- . Washington is nearly perfect as the narco-detective interviewing eager beaver Ethan Hawke -LRB- who suprisingly holds his own for the first 45 minutes -RRB- for a slot on an elite dectective squad by taking him on a `` Training Day '' . However , one must suspend one 's disbelief early on - and so frequently thereafter , that any viewer with the slightest conception of police procedures will quickly begin to pick the movie apart - instead of enjoy it . For example :1 -RRB- Maybe you believe that the young Hawke would smoke pot/PCP to prove his loyalty to Washington 's unit but ,2 -RRB- Washington 's character does n't answer to anyone . He soon gets into a gun fight with not less than 10 gang members , after stealing 40K by using a chinese take-out menu as a search warrant , and drives away in his custom low-rider Monte Carlo with only three symetrical holes in the rear window . No follow up investigation , no reports to file - this guy is on his own .3 -RRB- Next we meet Washington 's mystery friend -LRB- Scott Glenn -RRB- who provides some liquor and wisdom . Unfortunately , we never find out who he is , until the unit returns later -LRB- ostensibly to serve a felony warrant . . without backup , air support , transportation , etc. -RRB- to kill him and dig up $ 3 million from underneath his kitchen . Question - why would this renegade group take an unproven Hawke with them ? Just send him home and say see you tomorrow . Instead , they provide him with an opportunity to witness the nonsense . In for a penney ... 4 -RRB- Ultimately Washington must deliver some of the loot to even more mysterious `` Russians '' by midnight , if he fails he 's dead.Needless to say so is `` Training Day '' from about scene 3 on .
 this movie starts off pretty good , but then gets completely ridiculous . it 's one of the worst movies I 've ever seen .
 After Denzel won his Oscar , I rented this expecting a great performance in a great film . I got neither . The film was utterly mediocre and , frankly , boring . Not because there was n't any action , but because none of the actors gave me any reason to care about the characters . And all Denzel should have gotten was an Oscar for Best Shameless Scenery Chewing by a Lead Actor . This movie , and Denzel Washington 's performance in it , are absolute proof that the Oscars are blatantly political and have nothing to do with the actual quality of any given performance .
 I kept hoping for a morale to this ugly movie.In fact , I tried and this is the conclusion I came to
 Fooled by Denzel 's Academy Award I rented this dismal film . The plot is ridiculous , but worse still the characters are just not credible . Ethan Hawke wants a promotion , and to uphold his lawful values , so much so that he smokes dope and drinks booze within hours of commencing his first shift ... he has hardly had time for a proper breakfast , and there he is high on PCP , thanks to Uncle Denzel , whom -LRB- for some reason -RRB- he still adores . From then on rather than characters there are cliches , including insulting racial stereotypes , nihilistic violence , and repugnantly casual misogyny . An ugly and horrible film . Hollywood has entertained us yet again .
 I repeat the Worst Movie that Denzel Washington has ever made . And He has been in some of the best I have ever seen . As a former police officer I was insulted and repulsed by his portrail of this so called dectective . Enough said .
 i did n't like this movie and no patience to sit through it all . too violent - too boring . not recommended .
 I expected this movie to be brilliant but it was anything but that . I prefer Tears of the Sun a lot more than this Antoine Fuqua movie . Actually , the movie deserves 0 stars in my opinion but Denzel Washington 's brilliant performance made me change it . The 2 and 1/2 stars are all thanks to his performance and not this terrible movie . The movie is all about drugs and violence and corruption with plenty of cuss words to go along . You see , I had such high expectations for it and then I realized that this movie was a smart decision to make . Pay one of the best actors ever to carry the load and everyone will forget about the awful movie that talks about the same thing over and over again . Sure , I recommend this movie to everyone to see Denzel Washington 's extraordinary performance but the movie is like Denzel 's performance , only without the extra . It 's a very ordinary movie about drugs , profanity , sex , and violence and all of the rest of stuff that America is into . Well this is what 's in every movie and I 've grown sick of it . Antoine Fuqua 's plan worked , I 'm recommending this movie to everyone , not because of the terrible movie but because of Denzel Washington 's jaw dropping and amazing performance . But , one more thing , if you want to see an excellent performance by Denzel and an excellent movie , watch the hurricane!Here are 3 great performances by Denzel and 3 great movies :1 . The Hurricane2 . Philadelphia3 . John Q
 Terrible movie ... I really like Denzel Washington as an actor but in this movie it was very dissapointing ... he is much better when he plays to be a good person that fights for justice and what is right .
 The problem with this film is that is was more designed as a vehicle for Washington to show off his tremedous acting ability than to actually create a solid story . Even the best actor can be limited by a bad script which is what happens in this movie . Denzel Washington is in my opinion in the top 5 actors of modern film , but a movie like this just does n't give him the room he really needs to stretch out and show off the amazingly varied characters he can create . But , of course , this was the Academy 's year to award the black actors -LRB- Washington and Halle Berry -RRB- , both of whom are much better actors than their oscar winning roles showed them to be . If only the academy had given them oscars for the roles they truly deserved , then the academy would n't have to award less than stellar roles out of guilt . Any Denzel Washington role is still better than 90 % of the other roles out there , but his better roles -LRB- Hurricane , Malcolm X -RRB- lie in the unawarded 10 % .
 Interesting moral dilemma.About the first half way through the movie , the premise was bright . A moral story . A rookie who spends a day training with his new boss narcotics agent discovers that the ways that his boss roots out evil are n't exactly ... godly . This reminded me of Boiler Room , because in both movies the `` rookie '' is forced to make a decision between the morality he has and what is being presented to him as moral . I 've never seen Denzel Washington use such foul language . But in the second half , it just fell flat on it 's face . - NO SPOILERS , do n't worry . - It looked as if Warner Brothers had forced Village Roadshow pictures to slap on the ending that they did because the moral fable just was n't enough - that W.B. wanted it to appeal to lower brow audience , perhaps . Maybe that 's why there is such unnecessary violence throughout the movie . In fact , the ending - no spoilers included - stylized as to look dramatic , but really it is just low-brow . Should 've been an independent movie without the financial backing from WB as WB messed it up .
 A friend loaned me his DVD copy . It was a waste of my time and his money . This movie is just one more reason NOT to watch the Academy Awards . There is absolutely nothing stellar about Denzel 's performance . It may be different from his usual roles but it is certainly not a difficult role . Any B grade actor would have sufficed . I 've read that Gary Sinise and Bruce Willis both turned it down . I guess Denzel 's rent was overdue ... not just overdue , he must have been close to being evicted !
 the HDDVD that I received did n't work for me when I pop it into the player it said wrong format or something like that . .
 First , let me say that Denzel Washington puts in a good performance . It 's not an academy award performace , but it 's good . And it 's not his fault . The character is written to be a one dimensional thug , and that 's Denzel plays . He 's the typical bent cop that turns up in movie after movie . Ethan Hawke 's character is a far more challenging role , and he also plays him well.The real problem with the movie is the ludicrous plot . The movie consists of one ridiculous and incredible scene after another . You 'll find yourself muttering `` oh , come on ! '' time and again , especially toward the end of the movie when the story dispenses with what little credibility it ever had to begin with ...
 I was very disappointed by this movie . I was expecting big things out of it but I just could n't see Denzel in the `` Bad guy '' role . I actually found myself laughing at times when it was supposed to be serious because it was so funny too see him acting like that . Also I thought that Ethan Hawke was horrible and it is a joke that he was even nominated for best supporting actor . If you want to see a performance where Denzel really shines then buy the Hurricaine or Malcom X
 There are several movies that I do n't understand how in the world people can dislike them . Training Day falls into my second category of Why do so many people love this film . Sure Denzel did a great job -LRB- I 'm still not sure it deserved an Oscar Nomination ... never mind the award -RRB- . Ethan was a tremendous supporting actor ... but the movie was just a series of yelling matches . What was the point of this film ? Why was Denzel 's character the way he was ? There was just something totally missing here .
 Training Day had been recommended to me by several people I respect , so I rented it last night . I wish I could agree that it was good , but ... whoa . QUITE the contrary . It stunk like Schwartzenegger and Stallone in a B.O. contest.The first hour or so was n't bad
 I 'm sorry to say that this movie was horrible . It is an insult to the policemen and women who serve our streets . While Denzel Washington 's performance is good , as it normally is , it is not superb . The script was poor and shoddy . I have to say that Ethan Hawke 's performance as the fresh new blood for Denzel Washington 's elite Narcotics squad out did that of Denzel 's perfomance . Overall this movie made me sick and sorry for even watching it .
 The movie was just like many other cop files/buddy films . Granted it can happen , but really , we have seen this all before . Greed takes over . We know cops do n't make much , we know some have to find other ways . Been there , done that.And yes , Denzel got the big award . But he did better work in some of his past films . Much better than this one . Like Glory , or Courage under fire . Or Devil in a Blue dress
 I thought this movie was a ridiculous attempt at turning a good guy into a bad guy . Denzel Washington is n't very good at pretending to be a bad guy.The movie drags on for 2 hours and has no point what so ever . Personally I turned the movie off after the first 45 mins because I was so bored.I think if someone wants to see a good movie ... they should avoid training day .
 A great movie to watch if you find yourself feeling too good and want something to pull you down - make you feel really bad and down in the dumps . What a waste of a great actor like Washington .
 I actually laughed out loud throughout most of this movie . I mean , c'mon , drinking , dope smoking , a trunk full of household appliances , burglary , assault and a residential shoot-out all before lunch . Then finish off the day with stealing millions , the murder of your ex-partner -LRB- and mentor -RRB- and everyones 's on board with the cover-up . Better yet ... all the politicians are on board too . And , oh yeah , use your illigitimate son as a human shield in your second shoot-out of the day which , incidently , is with your current partner . Sadly , many people probably think there 's some reality in a movie like this.I guaranty you will figure out the ending within the first 15 minutes , completely predictable . In a way though , it does to some extent leave us hanging . We do n't know the final outcome for Ethan Hawke 's character . Maybe that 's the set-up for `` Traning Day II '' ... OH ! . . please God ... NO!The only reason I gave this movie a star is because I was amused by the cartoon quality of Denzel Washington 's character . In this case the Oscar is an undeserved scholarship . The only thing that this movie is missing is a skinny coyote with a lit ACME Rocket strapped to his back . Do youself a favor . Do n't believe the hype . Do n't buy it or rent it . Walk past it at the video store to `` The French Connection '' , `` The Seven-Ups '' or even `` Prince of the City '' .
 This COULD have been an interesting exploration of ethics , race , and the war on drugs . Instead you get a very miscast Ethan Hawke -LRB- who still does a good job -RRB- as an unbelievably naive cop , and excellent performance from Denzel that is nevertheless one-note evil . You could walk away from this movie thinking that Black and Hispanic people are violent and evil and that white people are either highly moral , or if they are corrupt , at least not murderers . I do n't like that message . This movie also has one of the WORST ways to save a hero I have ever seen
 This movive was terrible , let alone the flagrant attempt at street-esque scriptwriting . Come on .
 It has every cliched `` gang '' , `` bad cop '' , `` LA '' , `` Rookie caught between his partner and whats right '' scene going . One of the worst films Ive ever seen - on a par with trashy alian/monster B movies from the 1970s . Why Denzel was nominated & got an Oscar for this is a mystery.Why Amazon recomended it for my wish list is another !!!! I gave it one star because LA has some good restaurants ...
 I saw this movie on tv once . My sister-in-law kept asking questions about it . Mostly my answer was just `` It 's his training day '' , as if repeating this helped answer the question of what was going on . I also speak louder to deaf people so they can hear me . The movie was bleh . Denzel Washington has one of the most symmetrical faces in Hollywood .
 Training Day is mildly interesting in its previews and sets you up expecting a clever and scintillating day with a crooked cop . The only thing it truly succeeds at is pulling every cliche out of bad cop film history and throwing it out without even a scintilla of wit . The film is formulaic and very woman-hating from start to finish . Something more interesting to see would be Mamet 's Heist .
 Dislike is too weak to express my feelings . I bought the movie after seeing reviews and absolutely hated this movie . The action parts seemed contrived . The characters so flawed that no one was likeable . I did n't even like Ethan Hawke 's character . He was so weak in the beginning of the movie that his sudden change to a `` man of character '' did n't work for me . I just got the feeling that the director and cast decided to experiment with a new genre and it did n't work out .
 Denzel is a great actor , and I enjoyed the overall story , however there are way too many unbelievable scenes . Try running around LA pointing your gun at cars , people on the street , fighting in the street , and see how long it takes .
 I feel that this is not up to the quality work I 've seen from Denzel in the past .
 I thought with the Oscar award given to Denzel that this would be a great movie , with great acting . Boy was I disappointed , what a stinker . If this is indicative of how Oscars get selected , I guess garbage like this will win many more . Do n't waste your time or money .
 Even Denzel , a fine actor , after recieving his academy award said this film was '' . . not his best work '' Definitely one for the 18 to 24 year old market because I certainly did n't like it .
 Although Russell Crowe is a talented actor I was really hoping Denzel would take home the Oscar that he deserved . After watching this movie , I was saddened that it was for such a horrible role . This was one of the worst movies I have ever seen . Russell Crowe did have a lot of controversary around him at the time of the votes , his performance as John Nash was far superior to Denzel in this movie . I realize Denzel got the award more for his body of work however , it 's really sad that they gave him the Oscar for such a poor role .
 Sort of the L.A. , hip-hop version of * Bad Lieutenant * . In Antoine Fuqua 's * Training Day * , we follow two narcs , one a corrupt veteran -LRB- Denzel Washington -RRB- , the other an idealistic trainee -LRB- Ethan Hawke -RRB- , as they cruise the mean -LRB- but prettily landscaped -RRB- L.A. streets during one endless day in an absurd , jacked-up muscle car . The adjectives I used to describe Denzel 's car may be used to describe the plotting , as well
 I fortunately discipline myself to rent a DVD before purchasing one with few exceptions . This was a waste of money to rent , and I would not recommend purchasing the movie . It was typical trash , and if your ' e into glorifying gangsters , drugs , slums , and bad cops , and generally , an `` anything for a buck '' movie -- this may be of interest to you . Insofar as an academy award for best actor -- it had to be a political pick as surely quality acting was not criteria for this winner .
 ... that this film received anything other than a Turkey of the Year Award , much less the Oscar nominations . Between the offensive black stereotype portrayals , the blatant gaping plotholes , and the outrageously unrealistic action climax this was the worst film I saw in 2001 . It 's nice that Denzel got recognized for his rich acting career , but this was n't the film to award and is ironic that it is his most one-dimensional stereotypical role .
 I found the movie itself to be horrible - no plot , no closure , no anything .
 I rented this movie excited to see Denzel and his academy winning performance . Instead of being entertained , I was bored to tears . My husband only sat through half of the movie and he can tolerate anything !!! I forced myself to watch it to the end and though it was a complete waste of time . Yet , my sister watched the movie and loved it . Everybody has their own opinions , ...
 Viewed
 Kubrick 's second feature is a noir nadir
 I was quickly saddened when I realized the story was n't organic . Organic means the characters are driven by their realistic wants and needs . No matter how beautiful the lighting , cuts , camera angles , and composition are , it 's all for nought , when the heroine , who 'd just been sexually assaulted , does n't think twice about going back to the scene of the crime -LRB- the villain 's office -RRB- and being alone with the perp , to pick up her check . Equally disturbing was the new boyfriend , who knew the score , allowed her to . Another thing was the super-lame voice over narrative , which was put in to neatly tie together what they did n't , but should 've shot . While I realize it was low dough and made in another time , it simply was n't a good story and sorry Stanley , it was n't well told.To be watched only on a rainy day when you 've got to scratch your jones for gloriously gloomy black and white , noirish , urban shots , or when you 've got an appointment in an hour or so and do n't have time to watch something good .
 There may be something that one can glean from KILLER 'S KISS , but I think it will be lost on anyone that is not already a die-hard , Kubrick fan . That is to say , if you have n't seen any of Stanley Kubrick 's films , do not start with this one under any circumstances . I kept asking for more . The fact that Kubrick had directed it raised my standards far too high . I kept waiting for a complexity in the story to arise , for the characters to grow some depth , for the subtle `` turn '' in the plot . But nothing ever came . And then the film ended , after only 67 minutes . As the credits rolled , I sat there in shock before finally muttering
 what s stinkeri guess every director has to start somewhereand i guess this was STANLEY KUBRICKS starterwhich was the only reason i bought iti now have all of his films in my collectionbut let 's be brutally honest here it stnckwith a capital `` S `` i will say i 'm gladmr kubrick seemed to haved llearnedfrom his no plot crappy or dare i say itok i will no story what soeverok the only thing about the moviethat resembled a story was the endingwhen the killer `` kissed '' hisgirlfreindi guess thats where the title comes from
 this movie did n't really provide a good story line or plot ... I was very disappointed with it . No surprises here I was expecting more
 This movie was one huge disappointment from beginning to end.Firstly , I bought the DVD . Big mistake . The transfer was by far the worst I 've ever seen and I 've watched hundreds of DVDs . It actually looked worse than what I can get when taping something off of regular network television using the EP setting on my VCR . Not only was the whole thing blurry beyond belief , several scenes shake like crazy and through the middle of many of the scenes there were video tracking lines like you 'd see on a over used low grade VHS tape . Which is what this transfer was probably taken from . The low list price might have prepared me for the lack of quality of the menu , but for it to be of a better image quality than the movie itself was a bit of a surprise.Secondly , the movie itself was awful . I love a good period piece movie and I really wanted to like this one despite my misgivings as to where it got it 's plot line -LRB- although I like an occasional historical romance book , I 'm not a fan of Cartland -RRB- . But there was just nothing to like here . The story was ridiculous , the dialog was atrocious and the acting was just plain bad . Something that I 'm at a loss to explain with all the known talent that was in this movie . I 'm sure I ca n't imagine what the director must have been doing to get such a lousy end product.At first I wanted to give this movie/DVD zero stars , but since I could only go as low as one star I did manage to find one good thing to justify that star . The costumes were wonderful.Fair warning
 I could not believe that with such a great cast list I could be so totally bored ! There is not a single rectifying statement I can make about this film . Oliver Reed , Michael York and John Mills - acting greats , all - are totally wasted in this venture into Cartland insipidity . The dialogue and `` action '' are filled with cliches , and there could not be a flatter relationship than that between Grant and Anthony - not one spark ! Do n't waste your time and money .
 A romance set in 17th century England should be irresistable to me ; especially one with such gorgeous costumes and scenery as this . However , this movie not only suffers from an insipid , silly storyline but from bad dialog as well . All you have to do is watch the very first scene of the movie for a shining example of truly awful dialog . I read Barbara Cartland novels when I was in my early to mid-teens and the story reminds me of some of the romantic tales my gal pal and I would cook up just for fun . Even so , I will give the movie two stars for its beautiful and mostly accurate costumes , especially the women 's . It is also nice but rather surprising to see revered veteran actors like John Mills , Robert Morley and Gordon Jackson playing smaller roles in the movie.Unfortunately the video tape quality is awful and was almost unwatchable in the beginning . Luckily the tape was a gift and I did n't spend a dime on it !
 I was n't expecting high art when I bought this movie but I was at least expecting good acting considering the cast . This movie was so bad it was funny . I watched with a friend and we ended up making comments similar to those on Mystery Science Theater just to stay mildly entertained . The story was lame -LRB- to be expected -RRB- but the acting was lousy with the exception of Oliver Reed who was pretty good as the bad guy . All this on top of a truly hokey sound track . I have seen other movies in this genre , but YIKES this one takes the cake as the worst by far !
 Despite the fact that the cast includes Hugh Grant , this movie is a waste of time . Historical inaccuracy abounds - how many 17th century woman wore pounds of make-up and had such vividly died hair ?
 ... Alas , the print quality is terribly bad . It looks like it was made from a video tape that 's been copied over and over and over - dark , fuzzy , flattened colors . So , I could n't even appreciate the lovely costumes and settings.The story is so badly predictable and corny , the dialog is stilted , and the editing is terribly choppy . It 's silly . It 's boring . Not even a terrific cast -LRB- Hugh Grant , Oliver Reed , Michael York to name a few -RRB- could lift this one out of the doldrums.Pass on this one .
 The picture quality is HORRIBLE -LRB- and the sound is just as bad -RRB- Blurry , shaky , and the speed is off as well.The movie itself was n't much better and Hugh Grant is barely recognizable . Save your money and let this one go by .
 I was attracted to the cover because I like period action flicks , especially ones with the promise of swordplay and a bit of romance . I thought ` Hmmm , good cast , should be alright , surely ? '' WRONG.This is without doubt , the dumbest period flick I have ever seen . I can jusify this , because I have made it a practice to watch every film about the three musketeers ever made -LRB- including the awful Disney thing with Tim Curry -RRB- . I guess I should have been warned by Barbara Cartland 's name on the cover.Why it is Dumb
 Story line was fair but the color was terrible and fuzzy . Was n't worth watching or the price no matter how low the cost was .
 The copy of this I received , and I assume they are all alike , was very poor in video quality , not even as good as VHS . To add insult to injury , it seemed almost amateurish in direction and editing . While I realize that most films are shot scene by scene , usually clever editing and splicing makes a smoothly flowing final product . This actually looks like something high schoolers would have done with 8mm reels years ago . Hugh Grant is handsome , of course , and at least one of the female actors was very attractive , but looks alone ca n't save a film . Sorry to be so harsh , but I would say steer clear of this one .
 I 'm fond of movies set in older times and usually there is no problem with viewing them . This DVD however is a very bad one . I 'm not reviewing the movie 's plot , simply the condition of the DVD itself . The entire movie was quite blurry and in some of the scenes set in a cave , I was unable to see well enough to follow the action . Near the end of the movie strange tracking lines began running up the DVD and I 've never seen that on any DVD before , only VHS tapes . Now I 'm wondering if this was simply copied from someone 's old badly taken care of VHS tape . I 'm very disappointed because I had looked forward to seeing this movie . I really can not recommend these DVDs to anyone .
 do n't buy this CD . The quality is terrible . Obviously the original film needs to be redone before they should even try to sell it which they did not do .
 I have to believe that this is one of Hugh Grant 's first movies . The acting is reminiscent of a high school production . Do n't get me wrong , I think Hugh is a terrific actor , just not in this . The story line is so-so to marginally OK . Wish I could like it more .
 This movie is so bad that it 's hilarious . Seriously . I thought at first it might be a spoof it was so silly . It 's kinda hard to believe Hugh Grant still managed to have a great career after this !
 I am a Grant fan but I prefer his movies that were made latter in his career . This movie was made in the 80 's based upon how young Grant looked . Next time I will do a better job in determining when the film was made prior to purchase . Otherwise I would not have rented the film . Therefore , my review of this film is not positive -- as expected.Disappointing at best . I kept falling asleep , so maybe I missed some thrilling and defining moments . Regardless , character development was predictable , boring and silly.I do not recommend . Cheers !
 Like its deaf protagnoist , ` Bangkok Dangerous ' tries to find a way to communicate beyond language . There is very little dialogue in this film designed to elicit adjectives such as ` hyper-kinetic ' , ` high-octane ' , ` pulsing ' etc. . It is a cliche that most modern action films are glorified pop videos ; ` Dangerous ' plays like a medley of dance videos , a series of 5-minute chunks in which the movement of the editing and lighting is dictated by the rhythms of the techno , giving character movement and the staging of the action a deliberately late-night clubbing effect.The film has been compared -LRB- ridiculously -RRB- to John Woo and Wong Kar-Wai , presumably because it is an excessively violent thriller , and tries to salvage romance and poetry from the detritus of urban post-modernism . But it has neither the rhythm , grace or sense of a choreographed whole of the former , or the risk-taking intelligence of the latter . A more accurate comparison might be with the thrillers of Brian de Palma - there is the same laborious , bombastic staging of set-pieces in which characters -LRB- including obligatory , vulnerable children -RRB- and space are shot from every possible angle in order to telegraph ` suspense ' . But the Pang Bros. lack even de Palma 's technical nous - they expend so much effort fumbling with complicated montages they forget to pay attention to the basics of framing a shot , and so their craft seems , on this fundamental level , inept.The film begins well enough with a lavatory murder caught on CCTV , the clean , steely rattle of the gun splicing through the grainy black and white . But it all goes terribly wrong from there , in this tale of two hitmen friends , one a drug-addled wreck after an accident has forced him to retire , the other a sad-eyed deaf-mute who tentatively begins an almost-touching relationship with a beautiful chemists ' assistant -LRB- this blatant attempt to siphon the neon-charm of Wong Kar-Wai by having an ` offbeat ' romance in the middle of a genre piece , at least has the merit of offering an oasis of calm in a desert of head-pelting noise . Although the lead is cute and watchable , his character is fatally ill-conceived -LRB- he can write , apparently , but ca n't lip-read or use sign-language -RRB- . Preposterous monochrobme flashbacks ` explain ' his present situation , while the film 's focus on his point-of-view is at odds with the pounding din the film is puffed out with . ` Dangerous ' takes itself very seriously in trying to aestheticise this trashy material , but sometimes you wonder if the whole thing is n't just a big joke , especially a fast-forward , pixellated chase through the back alleys of Bangkok -LRB- the representation of whose underworld and city atmosphere is disappointingly generic -RRB- is pure Keystone Cops . But then you remember a vicious rape sequence shot like a glossy disco promo , and you realise that the joke is n't funny anymore .
 I didnt like anything about this flick.Title has Bangkok so I kinda expect to see city once in a while -- no luck . The impression from movie is people are killed left and right in Thailand when in reality it very safe , peaceful and plenty of fun not counting culture in different forms waiting on each corner.The problem is crime rate in USA about 10 times higher than in Thailand but movie gives me opposite impression . Give me facts and entertainment .
 I was sure that I would like this film . I have seen everything Lars Von Trier has made -- save `` The Idiots '' -- and I have nothing but good things to say about his work . `` The Element of Crime , '' however , is far from his best.The first problem with the film is that it 's flat-out dull . And I have nothing against dullness per se ; a film can be nearly unwatchable but also be very interesting . Godard 's Alphaville is perhaps a good example of this . However , The Element of Crime is also not very interesting . Stylistically it is decent , and one could say impressive for a first time director . For those of you who have seen `` The Kingdom , '' Element is filmed in the same yellowish shades . There are also a number of wonderful shots and sequences.But these stylistic virtues can not redeem `` Element . '' If you want interesting earlier Von Trier , see `` Zentropa '' instead -- a movie I can unequivocally recommend . Unfortunately it is out-of-print now.The problem with Amazon 's reviews is that they are mostly written either by people who love the movie or people who hate it . Usually you 've got to have either some great passion or animus to spend time writing a review . Thus you often do n't get an accurate representation of a film or book from the reviews . I neither hate nor love this film , thus I think I can offer the average reader who is interested in it a fair perspective . I would say that if you like Lars you find this film at the local video store , go ahead and rent it . But in the name of all that 's holy , do not waste $ 36 on the DVD or $ 18 on the VHS . Trust me .
 terrible ! i was fooled by some critics ' high praises to this movie and tried pretty hard to seek this movie out . but doom on me , this movie is so pretentious , so ridiculous , so snail-crawling slow . the screenplay is also deadbeat . whole movie with amber lens painted everything in brownish color . the dialog , my god , it 's also so boring and i often found myself could n't keep my attention to what 's going on . if you tried to tell me it 's so good , so deep , so ... then you must be from another planet . i do n't mind admitting that i could n't grasp the least meaning , the reason why this movie could be realized into production . watching it is exactly like reading john le carre ' deadbeat novels , every one of them . i wo n't give a rat 's a. . whether this serial killer case could be solved or not , because i do n't want to be murdered by this movie , by its extreme serial boredom . i better rest my case before it 's too late .
 This movie is about the biggest piece of turd any one filmmaker could drop . I 'm sorry to be so blunt but I have never been so frustrated or tired with one movie in my life . It 's completely unwatchable . You never know what 's going on , and just when you think you do , you realize that you were wrong and you really did n't know at all ! Do n't waste your time or your money on buying this . Matter of fact , do n't even rent it . borrow it from a friend or the library for free , then you wo n't feel cheated .
 VERY SLOW pace and sparce dialog . If you 're really into into Lynchian styled movies it 's worth a rent.Check out `` Insomnia '' if you 're looking for artsy european psychological drama .
 One of the worst movies I have ever seen . I seldom take a movie out of my DVD player without seeing the end ... This was one of them
 I wanted to watch a murder mystery , I got this instead . The real `` Crime '' is the one committed by the director of this boring , hard to watch jumble of a movie.This `` film '' literally hurt my eyes . Its your typical boring , nonsensical , European art house garbage . I guess I was supposed to sit through this red-shifted movie -LRB- most everything in the film is red - oooh , how artsy of the director . . -RRB- and feel really smart for enduring this torture ; but I did ` nt.Do yourself a big favor , unless you dress all in black and wear a beret , do n't even think about watching this train wreck of a film .
 This is an art house film , but it suffers from a sluggish pace which could have been rectified with a little judicial editing . It has an intriguing look , but the recurring water theme and the incessant detritus and dead mules becomes tedious . After watching this you have to ask yourself if the monochromatic device was n'temployed , how watchable would this be?It may have the life-as-dream/nightmare storyline and pacing of a Bunuel film -LRB- it certainly seems to have some of the leftover mules and horse carcasses , -RRB- but it lacks Gilliam 's ability to juxtapose a bleak surreal setting against his humorous absurdist 's point of view . -LRB- and the ability to infuse any human emotions . -RRB- The dark Scandinavian outlook coupled with a dark , bleak setting , equals arather grim film.It 's difficult to weigh this film viewing it now , 25 years after its release.I kept thinking I was watching a bad Cronenberg movie.This may have been more interesting if it had been cut a little shorter , leaving the audience wanting more . As it is , it leaves you wanting to run errands while it drones on with its obtuse glacially-paced story .
 First , watch the trailer . Why would anyone would spend a penny on telling this story ? This couple are the reason for the current global mess we 're in . Beyond belief ... and my fault for thinking this was about the real French Queen .
 I thought I had an idea of what I was getting into when I watched this wretched train-wreck , but I was soooo wrong . I came away DESPISING these people at a visceral level . Surely this is the most insane display of greed , narcissism and ego that has ever exisited . I mean really , no one else can possibly rival the in-your-face self-absorption that this vile family has mastered , right ? Because really , it 's bad enough knowing that these people are out there in the world . I hope there are n't more like them . -LRB- Yep , I 'm in denial and I 'm staying right here . -RRB- I have to admit though , I definitely cried super hard when I realized that they really were never , ever going to get to move into their 75 million dollar dream home , aka the most expensive single family dwelling in the U.S. . That was simply heart-wrenching . Well that AND when the wife arrives at Hertz and realizes that ... OMG ... she actually has to DRIVE HER OWN CAR . Oh the horror . I 'm gon na start sobbing all over again just thinking of it . For anyone who is feeling depressed , i.e. due to job loss , bankruptcy , homelessness , I recommend putting this movie in for a little perspective on just how tough life can be . Oh no , I do n't mean how tough it can be for this family of nouveau riche , overpriveledged ingrates ... I mean for their pet lizard . Blechhhhh ... these people are THE WORST !!!!!!!!!!!
 It was mildly interesting to see the downfall of the company , and to see how the owner brings about the beginnings of a resurrection . However , the people are awful . Horrible parents . I read an early review that was something along the lines of &#34; you can see the love between the two ... &#34; I did n't see the love . Hard to be sympathetic .
 This movie was quite interesting . It 's a enactment of the adage
 What a greedy , nasty old man . I did not enjoy `` getting to know '' these people at all . So an old , rich dude marries a trophy wife who spits out children that she does n't raise . Yeah , OK , that 's so riveting . Then , oh no !!! The economy -LRB- which was manipulated to death by the likes of this dude -RRB- crashes and he loses some money . Oh , I feel so bad for them . They had to fire all but one of the household staff . Of course , they keep the nannies , because we would n't want grandpa and mommie to waste time raising their own kids . Then daddy gets grumpy because he does n't have enough money . Oh , the heartbreak ! For crying out loud , who cares?Unfortunately , the only interesting bit occurs early in the film when big daddy says he got Bush Jr elected by doing something that he ca n't talk about because it was illegal . Well , that might have made for an interesting film , but the filmmaker let that slide . It was clearly more important to see the dog poop on the floor and watch wife-y poo buy out the Wal-Mart . This film is junk .
 A sad tale of a family falling apart when their finances fell apart . I did n't realize it was a documentary and kept waiting for a plot . Instead it was a cautionary tale of unwise business practices and people out of touch with reality when they became wealthy on paper . I hope they were able to get their life together and learn that wealth is fickle and fleeting - discovering what is eternal and the real treasure .
 I thought this was trash . Adults and children that have everything and ca n't even pick up after themselves or their pets.Disgusting !!
 I was appalled at the lack of class shown by all the members of this family . Money . - no matter how much - cant buy class . I was also very disturbed at the deceitful selling practices of their business , more so because they bragged about them . Trash people all the way . Also appalling that these people are given a forum to feed their egos . Skip it .
 I remember when I saw the first preview for this documentary while watching another film . I was seriously interested by what I saw , but when watching it was very let down .
 These people are nuts ! The rich get rich and the poor get poorer but in this situation the role is reversed . Somewhat refreshing but proves that for some only money and wealth can make them happy .
 Thank goodness Romney lost!Assuming thet ever had any smarts , huge money has made these dopes unfeeling numbskulls.Put the dog on the roof . he 'll be fine .
 Boring , boring . Just could n't get past the first few minutes . By the title and description , I thought it would be interesting .
 Rich people without a clue . The biggest joke is her chest . They did n't learn a thing ...
 This family is human filth.They wantonly let lizards and fish die.Why are they not in jail?You do n't just not forget to feed animals .
 Why waste your time watching two hours of candid camera in the lives of shallow , clueless people who ca n't figure out that their massive fortune is gone and they need to adjust to their new reality .
 I will never get the two hours back I wasted on seeing this movie . Save your time and money , do n't do it .
 Just a couple of things to point out . No , wait , that 's not right . Well , anyway , this is one woman who can not , CAN NOT , seem to wear anything that does not show WAY too much cleavage . He does n't seem to realize that a large part of his problems result from his own poor business decisions , and no one seems at all concerned that the dogs are crapping all over the house . I 'm not saying that it 's not interesting , but it certainly does n't give you an uplifting -LRB- oh dear -RRB- view of one family 's problems .
 I read all the outstanding reviews of this documentary and looked forward to watching it . I was watching it last night in anticipation of some sort wrong doing or human fragility . It 's a pathetic attempt at pity cause the floor got pulled from under them before they finished their 900,000 sq. ft mansion ! For one , to the millions of people who lost their jobs and homes over the past 4 years , me being one . This is a complete insult to the '' normal '' class of people and for the life of me can not figure out what the person who made this was thinking . No one cares of the trials and tribulations of the ubber rich and it 's this type of trash TV that 's responsible for the dumbing down of America .
 I hated this film by the end of it . In truth , just another greedy jew that thinks everything in the world is against him when in fact he , did EXACTLY what the predatory lenders did that got us into this economic disaster . He sold property to people that could n't afford it , to cash in from the banks so he could pyramid that into more and more wealth for guess who ???? HIMSELF !! They even keep saying it 's not about the money , when it 's `` ALL '' about the money to that family . Who needs to build a 100 million dollar home he built to move from one mansion to another bigger mansion , or to have warehouses to store and collect more wealth if it is n't about the money?I see plenty of money made , for a tiny few people to live like kings , but what I did n't see was any bonding or love for each other in this movie . They did n't seem to even LIKE each other , and the kids were spoiled little jerks . The one girl let her pets DIE , because she too lazy to even get them water , and then delivers a guilt trip with snotty attitude to her mother for even mentioning it.I hope the money `` IS '' taken out of their hands , and given to someone that has a clue what 's important in life , and would use some money to benefit others rather than just get rich off them.I disliked the CONTENT and people of this film so much it still has me upset 24 hours later that I waited to write this review.This guy is exactly like Bernnie Madoff and the banking puppet masters of Wall Street that harmed all of us , and yet not one person goes to jail or even to court . Yes , were angry and this is just another example of the rich that see NOTHING wrong in what they do , as a they suck the last dollars from our pockets with lies and deception and their lust for cash .
 These are about the most pathetic human beings I have ever come across and watching this was an agony of entitlement , self congratulations , arrogance and greed . It is agonizing . If you enjoy watching the scum of the earth , you will not be disappointed . If your taste in entertainment rises a little above that , do yourself and watch something else . Anything else . Or go clean the litter box . You 'll be dealing with the same thing as this movie .
 Decided to watch this , but I would not recommend it . It really was not entertaining but a few things were interesting
 Once I was subjected to a time-share sales presentation . I suffered through the hard sell and manipulative sales tactics to get a gift , which was a paid hotel stay in San Francisco . The only problem was that the hotel stay had so many restrictions that I never used it . So after watching this movie and seeing David Siegal , the architect of my suffering , lose his money , I had no sympathy for him . I feel some sympathy for his wife and children . I think they are simply unprepared for life in the real world.I did n't enjoy the movie because I did n't like the people who are its subjects and did n't like spending two hours with them . This has nothing to do with the talent of the film maker .
 The image quality of this DVD is HORRIBLE !! . I own the VHS version and this one has a much better image . Impro-Jazz did not care at all about the quality of this DVD , they just make a very bad copy of the VHS.In spite of that , this is is a very good concert ; Sarah Vaughan is a great vocalist and she sings magnificently all the songs of this program .
 SHOT IN THE HEART is based on the true story of murderer Gary Gilmore -LRB- well played buy Elias Koteas -RRB- who was the first prisoner to be sentenced to death in a decade . Set in the year 1977 , the film revolves around the efforts of his younger brother Mikal -LRB- Giovanni Ribisi -RRB- to stop the execution , even against his brothers wishes ; because Gilmore sees himself gaining permanent notoriety , he even has t-shirts with GILMORE printed on them . While well acted , the film 's pace is rather stodgy and interesting only occasionally . That same year a punk song by The Adverts called GARY GILMORE 'S EYES was released . The song is only a couple of minutes long . This movie is over 90 minutes . Download the song and try and find it in your heart to forgive screenwriter Frank Pugliese for making such a snoozer out of potentially interesting material . The film is based on the book by Mikal Gilmore .
 Why is it taking so long to release these last two volumes of Campbell 's Mythos -LRB- III and IV -RRB- ? First it was `` available in 2009-10 '' . Now it keeps creeping up through 2011 , into 2012 . Good thing they are n't expecting a big upfront advance , like most authors . If they were in commercial tv or even independent video , they would be out of business . They seem to be taking more time to assure their financial positioning in the whole scheme of things -- I recall Campbell 's speaking of the Businessman 's ethic , which rules our `` culture '' . I 'm tempted to write a synopsis of the whole series myself -LRB- a Skeleton Key ? -RRB- , in my spare time , as all of this material resides in textual form already , anyways . Get on the ball . I worked in tv production , and it does n't take this long to put it in the can . This is n't rocket-science . Just do it , or get off the can !
 This is an excellent movie and shows a different side of Kareena Kapoor who usually plays a love struck bimbo . It is worth watching as it shows everyone has a background and maybe we should ' t judge each other the way we do.I was very excited to add this movie to my collection but , unfortunately the DVD arrived with the DVD lose , which I understand does occur with shipping . When I opened it the DVD had what appeared to be remnants of adhesive . I tried to clean , but it would not come off . Hoping the DVD would play I tried it and it skipped . Extremely disappointed .
 Is Adrien Brody an actor ? He has the same register in any movie . I expected more form this movie , but God it was so bad . There 's a scene with Brody 's character and his son in a car . Brody is driving and talking and watching at his son at the same time and no paying attention to the road ahead !!! Where does he get his driver licence ??? . And when the movie finish you are like what the heck . Absolutely pointless . If you want to see a good movie about a mysterious death , you better watch Bill Condon 's `` God and Monsters '' Two good things in this movie
 The film itself is a three-star affair ; good acting by all -LRB- especially Lane and Affleck -RRB- and slick production struggle with a half-baked script that tries to be both a bio-pic and a mystery , and is successful at neither . The more intriguing story is the bio-pic aspect -LRB- which they should have completely focused on -RRB- ; the `` mystery '' part of the film about an investigation into whether George Reeves did or did not kill himself , is both uninteresting and left completely unanswered . Contrary to other so-called Amazon `` critics '' of this film , the pathetic death of George Reeves is no great unsolved crime , except in the minds of some aging baby-boomers who just ca n't let go of their childhood hero . Still , the film has it 's pleasures , even if it is forgettable ; the film is best enjoyed by nostalgia buffs and `` TV Land '' geeks , aging or otherwise . The one star is for the disc itself ; owners of Xbox 360 HD-DVD drives -LRB- and stand-alone players , as well -RRB- , beware , Universal has been releasing defective HD-DVD / DVD combo discs of late ; `` Smokin Aces '' , `` Children of Men '' , `` Hollywoodland '' , `` The Good Shepherd '' etc. . Smokin Aces actually killed my xbox 360 , which I had to send in to for repairs . These discs sporadically work , freeze , or , in my case , can actually kill your player . I am far from the only one with these issues , as there are many bloggers out there confirming similar problems . Universal has recently acknowledged the problem and say they are investigating the matter . Nevertheless , Buy at your own risk ...
 This movie was a waste of time . I thought it would tell me more about the person was that had made Superman so famous . But it really just was a poor excuse for trying to prove he had n't committed suicide afterall .
 This movie is not very good and it is a disservice to the memory of the Late Great George ReevesNoel SerranoGeorge Reeves Group-2007Hi .5 Network
 As one who appreciates film noir and 50 's era glamour , this movie is worth watching ... but only for viewing the production design and settings . The plot is abysmally plodding and all speculation . Nothing is solved . There is no conclusion . If you do n't have any paint to stare at until it dries , this would be your second choice .
 I was finally in the mood for this after watching The Jacket . I must have had this movie now for a few months , and still never got round to watching it . But after seeing Adrien Brody in The Jacket - well I had to watch another movie with him in it.What a major disappointment . I was expecting a movie about George Reeves ' life , and a fictionalised account of why he committed suicide . When I asked my mum and dad who George Reeves was they had no idea . Even I knew who he was.What I got was a mundane film , with some flashbacks back to the events leading up to his suicide , and lots and lots of focus on a private investigator , who was trying to figure out if a man 's wife was actually cheating on him . How boring.I ended up switching it off after 40 minutes . It just was n't grabbing my attention , and if a movie does n't grab my attention after that time , then it 's not worth watching . I really thought it would have been good , with all the conspiracy theories that surrounded his death . Hey , it could have got better after the 40 minutes , but if the movie could n't get to the point , I give up ! Avoid this film at all costs , unless you 're prepared to sit for a long time before it gets going .
 The life of George Reeves was certainly an interesting one . Unfortunately this movie dwells far too long on the life of the PI investigating Reeves ' death . I was looking forward to the release of this film , but was sadly disappointed . You do n't need to get too far into this film before you realize as with many bad films , you just do n't care about the characters . It 's a shame because there really is a good story here . Well , maybe Superman can fly around the world a few times faster than the speed of light , go back in time and fix the screenplay .
 Hollywoodland starring Ben Affleck is a boring biopic of Superman television star the late George Reeves . This film is slow and irritating to say the least . Diane Lane is good as always while Affleck is just ok as Reeves , he has never been given a role that does anything for him I think . The film shows both point of views , did George Reeves kill himself or was he brutually murdered ? To this day , no one knows for sure and Hollywoodland does little to make a decisive point . Skip this one !
 Rated `` R '' . George Reeves had the honor of appearing in the film , Gone With The Wind -LRB- 1939 -RRB- , as `` Stuart Tarleton '' who can be seen in the very first seen with Vivian Leigh and Fred Crane . Reeves is also recognized as Clark Kent/Superman in the syndicated tv series , `` The Adventures of Superman '' -LRB- 1951-58 -RRB- . The show was very popular and George had to do his own stunts.George Reeves appeared as `` Superman '' on `` I Love Lucy '' in the episode , `` Lucy and Superman '' , broadcast January 14 , 1957 . George seemed to be in really good spirits for the show , but mentally something was boiling inside him even after his own tv series was cancelled.Tired of leaping out of windows and afraid of being typecast as `` Superman '' . He did n't want to be `` Superman '' anymore . Depressed and uncertain , he committed suicide on June 16 , 1959 . Tongues started wagging in Hollywood and some wanted to believe it was murder.Focus features and Miramax Films , Back Lot Pictures production with Director Allen Coulter offer their version of the George reeves story and the suicide . Ben Affleck plays `` George Reeves '' . Also in the cast
 I enjoyed the bonus materials and the feature film delivered more than an hour of decent entertainment . I enjoyed the care the designers had taken to re-create Old Hollywood and I enjoyed the acting and the characters . And then the story collapsed and the film got weak -- very weak . It was as though Superman just gave up fighting crime and became a Kryptonite junkie . Huh . Worth a rental .
 This is a film that needs a long evening , a strong pot of coffee , no make that espresso , some sharp tacks and a good friend to shove them into your foot from time to time.The death of George Reeves is among the most mysterious deaths in a city filled with mystery and yet the maker of this film managed to make a movie completely lacking in anything of interest.The storyline is difficult to follow , the flashbacks and quick cuts serve to keep the viewer from actually recognizing how bored they are and the protagonist/s are folks who would depress a collection of skid row drug addicts.George Reeves may have been a bad actor with a lifestyle that created powerful enemies and personal choices that would have wrecked a stronger man but the viewer is given no clue as to why that might have been a part of his personality . The story seems to be about slipping off into the underworld of drink , depression and sexual depravity , which should have been titilating but in the case of Hollywoodland just becomes tedious.Watch Taxi Driver and let your spirits soar .
 This movie , I 'm sorry but I expected a better job from Ben Afleck . What makes that movie `` no substance '' and it spoils everything is it 's end . I 'm very sorry it is so very odd to me . Anyway good try .
 It 's really terrible the way a fine man like George Reeves can get thoroughly trashed in the course of making a third-rate , unsatisfying detective story . Never mind that they try to tell you this is a `` fact-based '' story of George Reeves . The movie is actually about some fictional slimy PI , a story no one would or should care about -- so they attached that story to George Reeves by using some names and places . Affleck never comes close to Reeves ' on-screen charisma . Reeves is portrayed as a one-dimensional , weak , whining loser , nothing at all like the real man and nothing about his real life and achievements make it into this film.Like I said , this movie is actually a boring PI story . Someone at Universal figured they could salvage the film by attaching a facade of history to it , and throwing in some `` name '' actors . It 's still a total waste of time , and what it does to the memory of Reeves is a crime .
 This story of TVs Superman -LRB- George Reeves -RRB- murder/suicide captures the era perfectly but gets a bit muddled , and seems to stretch the story looking for more . Ben Affleck who I dont care for did a great job as Reeves and made him an interesting person to delve into . Problem is , his life wasnt delved into enough . Their was much jumping around from post to pre death which didnt work well.The movie was filmed creatively with excellent period surroundings giving it palpable believability . Diane Lane as Toni Manix fit the role perfectly but her scenes seemed staged . It was an interesting watch but it drew very few if any conclusions . I was left with as little information as I knew when I finished watching it . Adrian Brody , who in the past I thought was overrated held his own but was taking on too much to stretch the film . It really deserves an addional half star because it really tried and had some facinating elements to it . Great dialogue sound on the dvd with a good home theatre system . A thin film needing more substance . Nice attempt all around .
 Part crime film , part biopic , `` Hollywoodland '' tells the story of the late George Reeves -LRB- television 's original Superman -RRB- who may have been murdered or may have just killed himself , as is commonly believed.The scenes featuring Ben Affleck as Reeves are excellent . Affleck shows that he really can act , and it is fascinating to learn just how Reeves really felt about the role that made him famous . To see `` Superman '' , lying on his back , swilling booze from a hip-flask , makes this movie almost worth the price of purchase ... Almost.Unfortunately , there just are n't enough scenes featuring Affleck . The scenes about Reeves are flashbacks to the main plotline , about Adrian Brody 's character , a private detective who has been hired to investigate Reeves 's death . Adrian Brody has never appealed to me and after seeing this film I do n't feel inspired to ever see another film that he is in . Too much of the film time is devoted to Brody 's character and his personal problems , and yet I did not find this character to be remotely appealling and by the end of the film I was just bored by him.Given the lurid subject matter , this film should have been much better . I had hoped for something along the lines of `` Auto Focus '' , the biopic about Bob Crane -LRB- of `` Hogan 's Heroes '' fame -RRB- . Unfortunately , a bad script and bad acting -LRB- on the part of Brody -RRB- leave this film floundering in mediocricy .
 OMG !! Could this movie be any worse ?! I thought that Ben Affleck had finally gotten a role that he could sink his teeth into . But all he did was SHOW his teeth , cheesing like an idiot the whole time , even when he was in pain.The problem with this story is that THERE IS NO STORY ! The plot and sub-plots make no sense and fall flat . Based on supposition and theory , this is an attempt to make George Reeves death more spectacular than his boring life . I remember when `` Superman '' died . Even as a child I thought there was some kind of conspiracy around his death but I still believe that it was perpetrated by Lex Luthor . Everyone knows that bullets bounce off `` The Man of Steel '' , that he could only be felled by Kryptonite . That 's the angle that PI-on-welfare Adrien Brody should have investigated since the one advanced in this movie is lame . I mean , `` The Usual Suspect '' , Eddie Mannix -LRB- Bob Hoskins -RRB- the husband of George Reeves ' lover , Toni Mannix -LRB- Diane Lane -RRB- , SHOULD have had Reeves shot ! Along with this director Allen Coulter!Affleck , while dressed nice for a change , is just as wooden and flat as George Reeves was . That 's why he was broke when he died - HE COULD N'T ACT HIS WAY OUT OF A PAPER BAG ! I was only 9 when he died but even I could see that he had no real talent . Why else would he put on those ugly tights !? And Affleck is n't much better here . Moving like an `` Transformer '' throughout the film , he looked so bored faking an orgasm that one wonders what made J-Lo so stupid over him ? From that one scene , we know what it WAS N'T !! In the movie 's defense , the production captured the feel of `` film noir '' with great camerawork and editing . But other than that , this is a forgettable version of whatever happened to Superman that night .
 This movie was n't anything like I thought it would be . As a matter of fact , we fell asleep watching it , that 's how boring it was .
 Each generation has its own definition of certain pop cult characters -LRB- Dr. Who , Star Trek crew , Superman -RRB- . In the `` S on the chest '' category , Reeves is my choice . This movie depicts my generation 's veneration for Reeves as Superman with a somewhat satirical arch , though the film is indeed better when it deals with that aspect of the Reeves story than with the love life and career struggle threads that dominate the Reeves plot . -LRB- This is NOT , after all , really a movie about Reeves OR his death . -RRB- On one occasion , the film 's `` Ben Reeves '' does wink at his young adulators , too briefly hinting at the charisma and charm the real Reeves brought to the `` Georgian '' super hero . A little more empathetic nostalgia to ballast the clay-footedness would 've been appreciated , if Ben were up to it.The popularity of Ben Affleck has long been a mystery to me . I 'd heard that he gained weight for his role as George Reeves later in life , as a naked -LRB- possible -RRB- suicide . That tiny onscreen paunch ? George should 've been so lucky ! Over all , Affleck sweats out the same wooden monotone and doughy poker face that are his trademark . But his performance is not the reason for such a low rating . He could 've been worse.The screenplay `` reads '' like a novel about a fictional detective who undergoes all the usual noir situations and -- oh , by the way -- coexists somewhat distantly with a famous real-life case . BLUE DAHLIA , anyone ? It 's more LAURA than an A&E ; `` crimes expose '' reenactment . As such , it aspires to recreate the atmosphere of CHINATOWN and its sequel , at times effectively recreating the '50s noir aura but with few John Alton moments.The Reeves phenomenon and the mysterious death are what drew me into the theater , plus hearing some interviews with makers of the film . The producers made interesting decisions , particularly salting the background not just with sparkling cars from the year being depicted but dusty autos of every vintage for a touch of authenticity . The detective 's sleezy motel is a pleasure as well , eerily matched in a 1971 David Janssen noir film called WARNING SHOT that I watched a couple of days later.But it 's the Mickey Spillane misogyny that tanks the movie . The women are coarse , voracious , and persistently unpleasant . Their only interests are money , forcing their sexual upperhand , and foul language . Lacking the style and mystique of , say , CHINATOWN 's Mrs. Mulray or ANY of noir 's genuine femme fatales -LRB- Trevor , Totter , Windsor -RRB- their trash-bound characterizations do in the picture .
 I have n't seen this movie , but please , hear me out . This is about the murder and/or suicide of George Reeves -LRB- My money 's on murder -RRB- and it was released at the worst time -LRB- The same year when `` Superman Returns '' . -RRB- Do n't buy this movie , instead spend your money on a few `` Adventures of Superman '' DVD Boxed sets . That 's a good way to remember Reeves , not this . Also I recomend the `` Superman
 ... for beng a great film , but it failed . Ben Affleck gives the performance of his career -- it turns out he really can act , really can play this part , and with the right weight gain and make up , look remarkably like the real life George Reeves . The whole behind-the-scenes focus , the `` true story '' of TV 's Superman and his mysterious death , is the compelling part of the film , and even more could have been done with it . The depiction of Hollywood of the 50s , the clothes , the men , the women , the music , the sex , is both sexy and sleazy at the same time , but always interest-holding . When the film changes over to the other plot of the P.I. character , played by Adrian Brody , the movie becomes snooze city . Brody plays a trite down-at-heels detective with a bad homelife , too many punches from thugs , and a wounded son who needs him to be better than he is . The film , though in color , is fashionedas film noir , but it 's too much of film nod-off . I have to recommend it slightly though , for Affleck 's performance.The DVD features include commentary -LRB- ok , with this dull a film I 'd be surprised if anyone wants to sit through it again -RRB- , some `` making of '' featurettes , and a little bit of factual information about George Reeves .
 Just a pure insult to George Reaves !! And Ben Afflac makes it stink even more !! George truly had his faults , and a tragic death , this movie is off the mark.I 'm sure george was Not so crude , and did not reguarly use the offensive language that Ben so embraces . If you want a great view and story of George , read `` Hollywood Kryptonite '' . And please - for my sake and yours - skip this movie - it is horrible !! Scott M.
 I was not impressed with this movie at all . It was very poorly done and was a waste of time watching it . It jumped around so much , you had trouble keeping up with what time they were in .
 Hollywoodland '' and `` The Black Dahlia '' were both released in theaters around the same time last fall , and I believe reviewers generally preferred `` Hollywoodland . '' However , if anything , I prefer `` The Black Dahlia , '' which although preposterous in the end , at least contains some exciting sequences and more authentic film noir atmosphere . `` Hollywoodland '' starts off slow and then sort of fizzles out altogether . The film collapses under its own weight of dull mystery . Sure , film noirs often had convoluted plots , but they also had witty dialogue , plenty of atmosphere and action , and some kind of final resolution . `` Hollywoodland '' has none of this.There are lots of sequences in `` Hollywoodland '' with Louis Simo -LRB- Adrien Brody -RRB- standing inside or outside the late Reeves ' house , smoking a cigarette and replaying Reeves ' death each with a different perpetrator . Yet , no one is fingered for Reeves 's death in the end , which I guess is the point of the film - that Reeves 's death can not be solved . But then why bother making the movie ? Indeed , Simo does no investigating , and people contact him for the most part and he just tries to point reporters in the right direction . There is no real action in the movie , and Brody is a terrible choice to play a tough investigator
 but in the end , it sort of falls flat . The main reason is because the film refuses to take a position . It does n't have to be the truth , but just this detective 's point of view or position . Instead , in the end , the message is
 This was a mish mash of a film . The screenplay was poor to begin with but the film editing left it so choppy and disorganized that it was hard to determine what was going on . There is no background , motivation , or connection , the characters simply appear and disappear . The casting made sure that all of the actors and actresses looked alike so it was hard to distinguish who was who . The film starts with a group of people who are never really identified as to who they are or why they are there . This is a problem that persists throughout the film . The actors do the best they can but they have very little to work with . The connections between the various people are left to the viewer to sort out and some of them never did make any sense . Brody does his best but the character Simo is really the only central theme and in an attempt to give the film direction and some sort of continuity and plot , Simo takes on several subplots that only serve to distract further from the film and what apparently was the central plot.I gave the film two stars because it does offer three logical theories regarding Reeves death , without actually endorsing any of them . I thought the touch of gray hair at the very end made a huge statement and lent a silent credibility to the suicide alternative . The actors all did well with a very poor screenplay .
 If your looking for a Hollywood suspenseful thriller set in a bygone era , check out L.A. Confidential - this films was terrible . Excellent performances by Adrien Brody and Diane Lane , along with a slightly above the norm turn by Affleck do little to keep the viewer interested.I had no idea when the film was going to end as I 'd ceased to care about any of the characters after the first hour , when it did finally end , I felt a combination of relief that it was over and disappointment that it did n't finish with a grand twist .
 This movie portrays Steve Reeves in the worst possible light . A man of limited talent who was not above mixing with the most transparently crude people in order to further a career that never went very far anyway.Apparently there is some truth in the treatment of the man . Ben Affleck played him in a very stiff manner , and I had to wonder if this was what Reeves was actually like . The studio exec , Bob Hoskins , was credible in all but his relationship to his wife . That he allowed , and apparently encouraged her liaisons , did n't ring true . Brody , as the detective investigating Reeves ' death , appeared credible , and was not as obnoxious as some of the other characters in the movie . I imagine that his character was the one we were to sympathize with . . there was no one else of interest in the movie as far as I was concerned.The movie constantly went into flashbacks and flashbacks of flashbacks that began to wear thin . It was difficult to watch at times . In the end I agreed with Brody 's conclusion about the death , but by that time I really did n't care one way or the other .
 Given the interesting subject matter , Hollywoodland is a real snoozer . The movie 's biggest flaw , aside from its glacier-like pace , is a woefully miscast Adrien Brody . He spends the whole movie moping around with a hangdog expression . He mumbles his dialog and comes across more like a B-movie mobster than a film noir detective.Ben Affleck was quite good and he 's the reason this film gets 2 stars instead of zero . They could have eliminated the Brody detective subplot entirely , and it would have been a much better film .
 The characters of this script have no human nature . There is no portrayal of the inner emotions of the players in this drama . Only a surface telling of the tale without any developement of the personalities and interplay of relationships . If you want to see good espionage with personality try `` Tinker , Tailor , Soldier , Spy ''
 This is one of the worst series I 've ever watched . I could n't even finish it . I 'm a huge fan of Sam Neill , too , and I think he was just horrible in this series . Everybody -LRB- Bill Nighy , Joanne Whalley -RRB- was horrible . The music was awful , the acting & lines just laughable . No connection to the `` characters '' whatsoever . Unbelievably bad . I also finished `` Tinker , Tailor , Soldier , Spy , '' and thought it was excellent , even though I found the DVDs ' glossary too late and did n't understand half of what was going on in TTSS . I 'm apparently in the minority here with my 1-star review ; to each her own .
 I have enjoyed many of the episodes for some years now , and was eagerly awaiting the DVD version . Some episodes are obviously better than others in terms of production qaulity and substance . Overall , I was disappointed in the digital quality of the images . At times , the images and scenes was grainy and too dark . In some cases , the VHS actually provided a better-quality image .
 This excellent series is seriously marred by an awful DVD transfer .
 This group is pathetic . They are out of tune on several songs & not even close to the originals . A TOTAL WASTE OF MONEY .
 BEAN is unfunny , dull , offensive and stupid what more reasons you need not to see it . I saw it unfortunatley and could ` nt wait for it to be over avoid it at all costs !!!
 I gave Bean * 1/2 stars because , even though I 'm a fan of the TV show that this movie was NOT funny . What happened to the character of Mr. Bean ? This looked good but it was so so so so so so so so so so so so disappointing .
 I love Mr. Bean I grew up -LRB- well , early teens -RRB- watching the BBC show and saw the movie when I was in high school . Bean the movie can always make me laugh ... when I can see it properly . The video quality of the blu-ray is amazing . And I love seeing the deleted scenes . But the dialogue is mixed so low that the blu-ray is completely unwatchable . If you have the dialogue at the proper level , the sound effects and music are FAR too loud . If you have the music and effects at the proper level , there is next to no dialogue . Do NOT buy the Bean movie blu-ray unless you have a 5.1 surround sound setup . It would just be a waste of money .
 This convoluted , charmless movie completely misses the point of what made the Mr. Bean series so appealing . Instead of a movie about the titular character this is in fact a movie about a verbose , whiny American -LRB- played by Peter MacNicol in a performance that redefines annoying -RRB- being baffled by Mr. Bean who ends up becoming a supporting character in his own movie . Not to mention this is one of the ugliest films in terms of cinematography and production design I have ever seen . The original had a flat British TV look which actually enhanced the comedy , but this movie looks like a cheap , tacky teen movie from the late 80 's or early 90 's . It takes something that was simple and witty and turns it into a vulgar mess . Avoid at all costs .
 I gave Bean * 1/2 stars because , even though I 'm a fan of the TV show that this movie was NOT funny . What happened to the character of Mr. Bean ? This looked good but it was so so so so so so so so so so so so disappointing .
 I am a big fan of Mr Bean , I have seen him on TV for many many years . After seeing this film , I relized that Mr Bean should remain just on TV . However , I do n't blame Rowan Atkinson for this mess , he will still be one of my most favorite comedians . It must be silly that someone is trying to give Mr Bean a Hero 's role , We should all know that Mr Bean is a perfect loser , all he deserves is always failure . Hollywood is bringing my man down , Help ! Anyway , salute to Rowan Atkinson , he 's the best , but this film is just a waste of his time and resources .
 I adore British comedies . I love Mr. Bean , the british comedy series . I am huge fan of Rowan Atkinson . However , this movie was absolutely a waste of time . It was so boring it was painful . There was no actual comedy . I never even cracked a smile . It was simply stupid . And , this from a man who loves Douglas Adams and Dave Barry.Put the money towards Mr. Bean , the complete series . Now , that 's a comedy classic in the tradition of Jerry Lewis and -LRB- great -RRB- Jim Carrey . But , pass on this movie ...
 I bought this DVD after seeing Mr. Bean 's Vacation in movie theater , thinking that it would be as funny as the current offering , and I did not laugh once . I have not seen Mr. Bean the TV show , but this movie feels like any other 5 minute sketch stretched into an hour and half movie . When on think of `` English Humor '' , subtleties , irony and wryness come to mind , but in this movie the gags were predictable and more cringe-inducing than funny , or simply gross . At places Mr. Bean 's behaviors were more in tune with a sociopathic retard than a lovable misfit . The entire hospital scene felt tacked on to pad the playing time . And as if the plot was not thin enough , they diluted it further with the added family drama of the Langleys . There 's another 15 minutes they could 've cut out .
 As questionable an epithet as it may be , this is one of the worst movies I 've ever seen , barring perhaps , Ace Ventura Pet Detective , Mrs. Doubtfire , and Three Men and a Baby . Of course there are many contenders for that title , more all the time now that Hollywood is in an unimaginative slump , but this movie commits the unforgivable sin of comedy
 This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen . The TV show is more funnier than the movie . Man , I ca n't beleive I wasted my money for this movie when I saw it in theater , the movie 's cheesy . Do n't even plan on renting it or buying it .
 I have been a fan of the Mr. Bean BBC series for some time now . His antics are hilarious ! But this movie really disgraced the show . I found it almost totally unwatchable . There was a lack of good comedy throughout the entire movie . The jokes and dialogue was like that of a awfully directed NBC sitcom -LSB- are there any good ones -RSB- . It was a waste of time , money and the comedy was not equal to the worst episodes of the of the Mr. Bean show . Do n't waste the time or money , i would give it .5 stars but the lowest they have is a 1 .
 Do n't get me wrong , I love Mr. Bean . I love how Rowan Atkinson plays this nosey guy who sticks his nose in to other people 's business and never speaks a word . Not to mention the teddy bear , where on some episodes its head is too small , and on other episodes its head is too big . The only drawback was there were so few episodes made between the 1989-1995 time period , no more than two made a year . Then why did I give the 1997 movie a two star rating . Well , put it this way
 My wife is a pretty big fan of Bean . She had been ranting and raving about me needing to see this movie for some time . I never really had a big desire to see it -LRB- not really my thing -RRB- but I eventually gave it.I 'm still a tad indifferent.The fact remains that I laughed . In fact , the whole ` destruction of Whistler 's Mother ' was rather hilarious . Personally though , I found the rest of the movie to be ridiculously uneven . I like intelligence in my humor . I think that it just boils down to personal preference . I 'm not really a huge fan of ` stupid funny ' . That said , I have been known to fall on the floor in laughter while watching certain Will Ferrell comedies , so I do occasionally wholly enjoy ` stupid funny ' . ` Bean ' just did n't do it for me.The film revolves around a dim-witted security guard at a museum Britain who is despised by his co-workers and is sent to America to oversea the transferal of ` Whistler 's Mother ' from the British museum to the US . He is mistaken for an art scholar and trusted with the painting , but a lot of outlandish madness ensues because of it.Oh yeah , and the ending is rather heartwarming -LRB- in a totally superficial way -RRB- . Rowan Atkinson is rather hilarious . His facial expressions and mannerisms are really funny , but the films plot and scripting are one-note and hold him back from doing anything truly noteworthy . The character development is really ridiculous -LRB- the whole Langley family dynamic is unbelievable and absurd -RRB- and the way that the gags are strung together never once gives you an impression that it is anything more than a group of bits thrown together with a weakly realized connective tissue.The film , while at times humorous , misses big time .
 I 'm a big bean fan , and went to see the movie expecting the REAL Bean . However , the american movie makers ruined the movie by adding uncharacteristic features and persona into the movie making it un-funny . Thumbs down .
 I thought this was a show I could watch with my 6 year-old . I stopped the movie soon after it started because of the crude humor , and it was n't all that funny . You can only act stupid for so long .
 Mr bean is generally a 3-4 star event in our household , but this is simply a lesser performance of his .
 I 'm a hard core Mr. Bean fan - and I have been since his birth in 1989 - but I was VERY unhappy with this movie ! It was nothing like the Brit com . More importantly , where was Teddy ? Where was Irma Gobb ? Fear not - I 'll give Mr. Bean 's Holiday a chance when it comes out this spring . Meanwhile , do n't bother with the BEAN movie . Just stick to the shows !
 I was very disappointed by this movie . It 's not at all like the TV show . Might make an OK kids movie but if you rent this expecting it to be as funny as the TV show you will be very disappointed .
 Bean usually means funny - but not in this case . Mr Bean has unfortunately lost his way in this movie and is definitely off the laughter lane . Lets hope for better serving of beans next time !
 I love the johnny english movies , so when I saw that rowan atkinson was the main character in this movie and I saw all the good reviews , I got it ... and was so disappointed . it was just WEIRD . I did not like it at all . I thought it might be funny.I was so totally wrong . I really DO NOT recommend this movie to anyone .
 Rowan Atkinson is , without a doubt , one of Britain 's funniest comedians . His `` Mr. Bean '' series , available on DVD , presents Atkinson 's perfectly modern British update of classic silent physical clowns like Keaton , Lloyd , Chaplin , and Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy . Mr. Bean himself is a mischievious creature who , like a little boy , is prone to both extreme malevolence as well as extreme silliness . He 's an unforgettable character , and Atkinson devised several extremely clever skits to showcase this . The `` Mr. Bean '' boxed set is brilliant . `` Bean , '' however , is a mistake . If you love Mr.Bean , skip directly to the last third of the film in which the director finally allows Atkinson to be himself and make the audience laugh . The rest of the film is a poorly conceived attempt to meld Mr. Bean 's cartoonlike persona to a standard American-style family comedy . The plot and flat production values kept reminding me of the low budget comedies of the 1980s that wound up being shown on HBO every Saturday afternoon . The basic idea of the film is a sound one - the famous painting `` Whistler 's Mother '' is being transported to the USA and Bean , through a misunderstanding , is sent with it as an `` art expert . `` Throughout the first two-thirds of the film , Bean sticks out like a sore thumb . In much the same way that MGM insisted that the Marx Brothers and Laurel and Hardy soften up their humor , every attempt is made to change Mr. Bean from a trickster into a well-meaning oddball who only wants to help his bland co-stars find happiness . On the TV series , Bean gets himself into trouble because he is trying to do things `` correctly '' whereas here he gets himself into trouble trying to help . It 's funny watching pratfalls when they backfire on the person doing them ; it 's not as funny when the pratfalls have consequences on other characters.Younger children will enjoy this movie , as most of the comedy is age-appropriate . But true Mr. Bean fans will be as disappointed as I.
 I agree with Danno in that the Bean series is actually very funny and Rowan Atkinson is hilarious in the bits he did in the series but this theatrical movie is nowhere near as good as the series and well it just wsa n't funny at all and was actually kind of boring and both Rowan Atkinson and Peter McNicol -LRB- who I also like -RRB- were totally wasted in this . I actually watched this movie before I saw the Bean series and if I had n't accidently viewed episodes of Bean that got taped on a video where I had recorded another program and this came on afer it I would never had watched it because of the movie so I am glad it was on the tape and I saw how much better it is !
 I was sure that I would like this film . I have seen everything Lars Von Trier has made -- save `` The Idiots '' -- and I have nothing but good things to say about his work . `` The Element of Crime , '' however , is far from his best.The first problem with the film is that it 's flat-out dull . And I have nothing against dullness per se ; a film can be nearly unwatchable but also be very interesting . Godard 's Alphaville is perhaps a good example of this . However , The Element of Crime is also not very interesting . Stylistically it is decent , and one could say impressive for a first time director . For those of you who have seen `` The Kingdom , '' Element is filmed in the same yellowish shades . There are also a number of wonderful shots and sequences.But these stylistic virtues can not redeem `` Element . '' If you want interesting earlier Von Trier , see `` Zentropa '' instead -- a movie I can unequivocally recommend . Unfortunately it is out-of-print now.The problem with Amazon 's reviews is that they are mostly written either by people who love the movie or people who hate it . Usually you 've got to have either some great passion or animus to spend time writing a review . Thus you often do n't get an accurate representation of a film or book from the reviews . I neither hate nor love this film , thus I think I can offer the average reader who is interested in it a fair perspective . I would say that if you like Lars you find this film at the local video store , go ahead and rent it . But in the name of all that 's holy , do not waste $ 36 on the DVD or $ 18 on the VHS . Trust me .
 This is an art house film , but it suffers from a sluggish pace which could have been rectified with a little judicial editing . It has an intriguing look , but the recurring water theme and the incessant detritus and dead mules becomes tedious . After watching this you have to ask yourself if the monochromatic device was n'temployed , how watchable would this be?It may have the life-as-dream/nightmare storyline and pacing of a Bunuel film -LRB- it certainly seems to have some of the leftover mules and horse carcasses , -RRB- but it lacks Gilliam 's ability to juxtapose a bleak surreal setting against his humorous absurdist 's point of view . -LRB- and the ability to infuse any human emotions . -RRB- The dark Scandinavian outlook coupled with a dark , bleak setting , equals arather grim film.It 's difficult to weigh this film viewing it now , 25 years after its release.I kept thinking I was watching a bad Cronenberg movie.This may have been more interesting if it had been cut a little shorter , leaving the audience wanting more . As it is , it leaves you wanting to run errands while it drones on with its obtuse glacially-paced story .
 terrible ! i was fooled by some critics ' high praises to this movie and tried pretty hard to seek this movie out . but doom on me , this movie is so pretentious , so ridiculous , so snail-crawling slow . the screenplay is also deadbeat . whole movie with amber lens painted everything in brownish color . the dialog , my god , it 's also so boring and i often found myself could n't keep my attention to what 's going on . if you tried to tell me it 's so good , so deep , so ... then you must be from another planet . i do n't mind admitting that i could n't grasp the least meaning , the reason why this movie could be realized into production . watching it is exactly like reading john le carre ' deadbeat novels , every one of them . i wo n't give a rat 's a. . whether this serial killer case could be solved or not , because i do n't want to be murdered by this movie , by its extreme serial boredom . i better rest my case before it 's too late .
 This movie is about the biggest piece of turd any one filmmaker could drop . I 'm sorry to be so blunt but I have never been so frustrated or tired with one movie in my life . It 's completely unwatchable . You never know what 's going on , and just when you think you do , you realize that you were wrong and you really did n't know at all ! Do n't waste your time or your money on buying this . Matter of fact , do n't even rent it . borrow it from a friend or the library for free , then you wo n't feel cheated .
 VERY SLOW pace and sparce dialog . If you 're really into into Lynchian styled movies it 's worth a rent.Check out `` Insomnia '' if you 're looking for artsy european psychological drama .
 One of the worst movies I have ever seen . I seldom take a movie out of my DVD player without seeing the end ... This was one of them
 I wanted to watch a murder mystery , I got this instead . The real `` Crime '' is the one committed by the director of this boring , hard to watch jumble of a movie.This `` film '' literally hurt my eyes . Its your typical boring , nonsensical , European art house garbage . I guess I was supposed to sit through this red-shifted movie -LRB- most everything in the film is red - oooh , how artsy of the director . . -RRB- and feel really smart for enduring this torture ; but I did ` nt.Do yourself a big favor , unless you dress all in black and wear a beret , do n't even think about watching this train wreck of a film .
 As my almost 4-year-old daughter is a big Strawberry Shortcake fan , we snapped up this title as soon as it was released and were very unhappily surprised to find the story included a villain and a storyline my daughter found to be disturbing and scary . She was horrified to see Honey Pie and the other ponies locked up in a cage , despite the ponies ultimate escape . Needless to say , my daughter took an active dislike to this video and insisted that the DVD be banished from our home . Moms beware . This release does not hold true to the sweet stories typical in the first three Strawberry Shortcake VHS/DVD titles . I do n't know what DiC Enterprises was thinking when they tinkered with the format . If future releases continue in this fashion , we will not be buying .
 Strawberry Shortcake was my Favorite thing when I was little . So , naturally , I started looking for some of the old movies for my little girl . I really do n't like the new look of Strawberry Shortcake and her friends , but bought this DVD for my daughter anyway . I love the smell of the DVD case , it smells just like my SSC doll that blows kisses that I got when I was 5 . But the stories are really stupid , and the songs are painfully done . I do n't know why they had to dumb it down so much . I personally miss the cuteness of the classic , as well as Sour Grapes and the Purple Pie Man . The villain in this is just rediculous . My daughter does like the first story , but wo n't watch the second one , -LRB- She 's 3 -RRB- the bad guy really bugs her . So , I am back to searching for the classics . I wish they would just put the old ones on DVD .
 I was very disappointed with this Life of Christ DVD set . It is extremely outdated and the quality of the film is very poor . I advice you not to waste your money on this .
 One thing that really bothers me is when people claim to get something more ` abstract ' and then are seen or see themselves as more intellectual.Lost Highway is one of those films where that happens . The movie is nothing more than a noirish episode of The Twilight Zone with a bunch of nudity and no explanations . It makes absolutely no sense unless you read about the movie beforehand to see an ` explanation ' of the film . Yet , people still go on and on about how great it was . Despite the fact the already bad movie is filled with horrible , scarce dialogue . Horrible acting , general inaccuracies -LRB- huge archaic , gothic prison in LA , cops who can match prints while at the crime scene , false ` tidbits ' used as fact to aid the story , etc. -RRB- and really obvious , obnoxious image systems.I 've seen reviews that have said `` if you 're into being spoonfed your story , do n't watch this '' . Well that 's fine , but this is n't a matter of being spoonfed , it 's a matter of someone trying to be so abstract that people feel dumb just because they do n't get it . If you wan na look at something to find meaning in , go look at some abstract paintings , not a work of near unrelated sequential events that 's filled with holes and is constucted rather poorly.If anybody besides the ` artistic ' director known for being ` out there ' did this film , it would be considered complete -LRB- ... -RRB- . But it 's David Lynch , he 's weird and therefor , this is great . At least that 's how many see this -LRB- imagine if a plumber previously flawlessly fixed three broken toilets and then actually broke a toilet in half the fourth time he tried fixing one ? Would you blindly praise his work because he did a great job the first three times -RRB- . Do n't buy this film unless you 've seen it . And if you want to rent it , rent it at the library where it 's only a buck . If you 're looking for a great noirish thriller that actually makes sense and is told in an unconventional , intriguing way , go buy/rent Memento .
 This scattered and incoherent film never builds any empathy or interest in the characters that populate it . Cinematography is darkly beautiful . I defy anyone to get all the way to the end of this film in one sitting .
 I started with Eraserhead many , many years ago , & have been a loyal Lynch fan . Every genius creates at least one piece of art that is not very good . This is the one . No matter what he does , I 'm going to watch it , but once was enough for this movie . I watch repeats of everything else he has done , but this one.If you dont ' get it I will tell you , so stop reading here . The main character is crazy , & you are seeing the movie from his viewpoint .
 Viewed
 I saw this on some cable channel . OK , no story line , no structure . Lots of cliched dream sequences . The usual Lynch stuff , audio run backward , film sped up . Overpaid , well past the A list , actors , who at times seem comatose . Who really wants to remember Richard Pryor this way ? Like most of Lynch 's later work it is nothing more than a visual presentation of a bad seizure . The mystery for me is never his movies , but who finances this crap ?
 Whereas I appreciated the abstract , progressive filmmaking of `` Mulholland Drive , '' this movie was so abstract that it took the jump from progressive to ambaguous -LRB- yes , that 's a word -RRB- . In fact , I discovered , upon viewing this film , that it is actually possible to spontaneously combust from confusion . To make things worse , I made the mistake of taking a lovely young lady on a first date to see this movie -LRB- needless to say , we did n't date very long after that -RRB- . Patricia Arquette 's well-proportioned jumblies are the only two things I found remotely fascinating about this turd .
 I was a big fan of David Lynch untll this movie came out . It had a good , creepy beginning but after Pullman changed identities for whatever obscure reason the whole plot fell apart . I would not reccomend this movie to anybody who is not a die-hard Lynch fan . This movie is pure junk , with a great soundtrack .
 Just like the guard says in the movie `` this is some spooky sh-t we got here '' . The movie 's a bit goof ball for my liking . Circular and inside out . The end begins where the beginning ended . Like wow man , pretty cool for those who like movies that make no sense . Lynch fans like this because its a Lynch movie . Put someones else 's name on the credits - down the tubes , down the street and into the swamp for this movie .
 Please be warned !!! I love `` The Lost Highway '' , but the quality of this import version is appalling ! The resolution and color make it seem like the movie was downloaded from the internet . Some scenes are so blurry and dark that you can not even see what is going on . And believe me , I have seen this movie many times as a rental , and the poor quality of this particular DVD version is not part of the `` artistic '' effects . It 's just poor quality . Please do not waste your money buying this version ! I had to send my back in because I was so disappointed !
 Why does n't anyone ever actually review the DVD 's and not just the movie in these reviews?I love David Lynch . I follow his work religiously and I absolutely love this film . I 've been awaiting an actual DVD release of this for years . Now that it 's here , I ca n't help but feel gypped by him and Universal for putting out this piece of crap disc.I 'm very happy that the film at least got a DVD release . It looks amazing , and it 's in widescreen , no complaints there . However , there 's absolutley no extras on this disc . NOTHING . Not even a trailer . Why is it that the UK edition comes with 2 discs with extras ? Why could n't they just have made an NTSC copy of that ? WHY ? SOMEONE TELL ME . RIGHT NOW.I should have just stuck with my VHS copy . Not like I would have been missing out on much by not purchasing this .
 Loved Blue Velvet , hated Lost Highway . What a disappointment . It had a great cast which was largely wasted on David Lynch 's personal apprehensions and fetishes . Like Scorsese and Kubrick , Lynch is a painterly director , and has always had great visual and aural sensibilities . But here he is indulging in some sort of dopey Betty Page noir fantasy , where women , in the 90s , wear high heels with their bathrobes , and basically have no personality . The dialogue was awful . I knew it was bad when I was more interested in the color of nail polish Patricia Arquette was wearing than in what she was saying . David Lynch has taken German expressionist angst , kept the anger part for its sensationalist value , and lowered the whole gestalt of German expressionism to suit his own more shallow , banal vision . He has a tiresome need to indulge in some part of his adolescence , from which he , apparently , can not get unstuck .
 Since i am not a typical lynch fan , i find it hard to watch some of his movies . the first thing that i saw by lynch was the tv series twin peaks , and honestly i hated it because idid n't understand anything that went on . now i have wached fire walk with me and i loved that movie . so now i am going to watch twin peaks again and try to tolerate it . i am not promising anything ? then maybe i wil watch lost highway and blue velvet again and actually have compassion for it , doubt it but it will be worth the try . TO ALL YOU LYNCH FANS I APPLAUD YOU FOR HAVING THE MIND COMPACITY FOR HIS MOVIES .
 Since everyone else is saying this , I 'll say it too . `` If you 're a fan of David Lynch , you 'll love this movie . '' But I do n't esee how anyone could appreciate this incomprehensible work . Starts off interstingly enough , but as soon as Pullman changes identities for no reason whatsoever , the film falls apart into nothing more than an excercise in confusion . And it 's confusing because the plot is non-existant . Now do n't get me wrong , I like offbeat films . I liked Tetsuo and Tetsuo II . Things do n't need to be explained to me point-blank for me to like a movie . But I do like having something to base my opinions on , and as soon as I thought I had something to stand on in Lost Highway the floor fell out from below me . Gets 2 stars because Lynch was actually able to get this film made , even though it really should n't have . Congratulations to him in that respect.Lost Highway reminds me of a film-school student 's shallow attempt at being `` deep '' . Ho hum .
 The photography is above average , there are many shots with strange camera angles . However , the story itself seems to have no turning point and no resolution , Lost Highway is pretty much like some kind of dream you have in the morning just before you wake up , it 's irrational , unexplainable and ca n't really be remembered .
 I do n't get it - people are supposed to say that this is good because it does n't make sense ; this is good because it 's stupid , etc. . I do n't get it.I saw this movie three times . The second and third time did n't give me anything to grab onto , There was not the proverbial - `` Oh yeah , I missed that before '' , or `` Oh yeah it makes sense now '' . It was just , `` Oh yeah like yeah , okay , Like the lights are on but the drapes are drawn '' kinda sh-t . Even the mystery man -LRB- Robert Blake -RRB- was embarrassed about his role on this movie . I think the movie 's okay for those who like this kind of movie but I never got off on movies that did n't make sense . I liked his other movie about the elephant man and R Crumb - those were awesome . Good soundtrack on this Lost Highway too . But for the movie , geezz - there 's nothing wrong with surrealiem in film but this one is assinine .
 It s good movie from a weirdo 's point out of view . Try to get into the guy 's head if you can put up with the dumb story line . If you can get into Fred 's head it might work . It did n't work for me because I did n't care about Fred and maybe thats why I did n't care for the flick . I think the director should have had a little more of the background on Fred at the beginning and it could have worked . But I think anybody who walked into the theatre 30 minutes after it started and then walked out 30 minutes before it ended probably know more about the ending than those who watched it over and over again . Who 'd want to do that . The movie is more for first year theatre students that like to read Karl Marx in Bagel cafes three blocks away from university cafes and use four letter words in front of the waitress while railing against corporate America . Geez - bring on Michael Moore , at least he 's up front about it .
 Dumb movie and dumber than his others - so it is . I like the R Crumb movie but I did n't like this trash . If the movie is based on Lynch 's attempt to play with his audience than I find that to be totally arrogant on his part - to think he has the reputation or chararcter to `` play '' with his audience assumes he has the artistic licence and the artistic skill to carry it off . I do n't think he does - I think Lynch has lost his artistic creativity . Blue Velvet and Elephant Man are his epitome of artistic creation . Everything after those two movies stink - witness the failed TV show Twin Peaks - it lost its grab after the murder was solved and languished on the tube for over 10 episodes before the producers pulled it . Witness the prequel Fire Walk - sloppy and inane . Wild at Heart - geez who even reviewed that embarrassment . Lost Highway is lost for sure in the trash bin of creative film - it should have been cut right to the bone on the editors desk and released as some kind of artsy perfume commercial .
 I really enjoy these kind of films and thought the flick was decent at best . Some people I have talked to swear this movie was simply amazing.I had a hard time sitting in my chair the entire length of the film , I really hate ending movies early and always like to finish them so I did.The movie tells the story in a way that you have to really pay attention to , everything seems random while most scenes are very deliberate . Leaves ya to really do some figuring out on your own.All in all I somewhat enjoyed it , I will probably never watch it again , nor will I recommend it to anyone .
 David Lynch is one of those directors who you ca n't help but admire because he really understands his own aesthetic so well that he is genuinely ` himself ' at all times . Every time you turn on a Lynch film it is unmistakably a Lynch film , and so you have to appreciate the level of technical skill and focused energy taken to craft these cinematic nightmares -LRB- that is not meant in the negative -RRB- . While I consider Lynch a true auteur and a borderline genius , and I take great pleasure in declaring works like ` Eraserhead ' and ` The Elephant Man ' true masterpieces , there is a fine line that Lynch can walk , to where his directorial choices can either serve for the greater good -LRB- like the aforementioned -RRB- or where they can get in the way of his true genius -LRB- like ` Inland Empire ' -RRB- . Sadly , ` Lost Highway ' can join ` Inland Empire ' as ` lesser Lynch ' . It 's not like there are n't moments here to be cherished , for I do n't think there is any Lynch film that is a complete disaster , but ` Lost Highway ' -LRB- for me at least -RRB- is his worst film . It feels jarringly incomplete and unfocused . Lynch is the master of layering elements that do n't necessarily go together in order to create a macabre structure that , in the end , ` goes together ' , but his weaving here does n't create a fluid product . The meshing of the two worlds -LRB- a gimmick he does n't know how to stray from -RRB- does create the desired dreamlike affect -LRB- something that made ` Mulholland Drive ' work so magnificently -RRB- and instead creates a confusion that does n't etch itself out enough to invest itself in the audience.You do n't feel a part of the film.Lynch 's films can at times feel like amalgams of one another , all of them sustaining an emotional monotony that either adds to the narrative -LRB- like it did so splendidly with ` The Elephant Man ' -RRB- or takes away . The opening segments of ` Lost Highway ' feel stilted due to the zombielike direction . Sure , it feels like Lynch , but it also feels lazy and underdeveloped . The films second half picks up pace , but they two halves do n't make a whole , and you need that revelation to tie them together . While Lynch supplies it , it does n't really connect like it should.For a film that contains jazz , parties , sex , gangsters , transmorphing , murder , adult films and a video obsessed executioner ; ` Lost Highway ' feels kind of empty.Thankfully , there is a big redeeming factor here , and that comes in the form of Patricia Arquette . I do n't normally find her to be the best actress in the world , but her performance here is actually quite stunning and wholly necessary to the propelling of the plot . She tackles a slew of personality fluctuations with ease and layers her multiple characters with enough differences and similarities to make them feel real . It 's a shame that Pullman and Getty are so vacant and numb , and it 's a real shame that Robert Loggia -LRB- who is normally just plain brilliant -RRB- is reduced to a variation of Dennis Hopper 's , Frank Booth , from ` Blue Velvet ' -LRB- one of those performances I just did n't get -RRB- . Oh well , Arquette is amazing -LRB- award worthy amazing -RRB- but the film itself is kind of pointless and not worth seeing.I hate saying that.This is Lynch.I 'm supposed to love everything he does .
 I love David Lynch . To be honest , he could properly poop in a DVD case and I 'd give it 4 stars . This movie , however , is terrible . There 's no tangent plot , no likeable characters , no nothing . The first viewing of this ended with me and a friend concluding , `` I 'd like to watch the rest of the movie , but I do n't care . '' The 2nd viewing felt like a marathon in self-control and patience . This is an awful movie .
 this movie was so pointless and horrible ! people try to analyze it into becoming a good movie but when it comes down to it , the whole thing is a waste of 2 hours .
 I mean I have no idea what this movie was all about . I went and saw it with a friend of mine when it came out and I saw it again on video and I have no idea what Lynch is trying to do . Now , David Jamieson wrote a very cogent review in which he explains what Lynch was trying to do , but looking at the movie I just do n't see it . This is not to say that Mr. Jamieson is wrong , perhaps he should have written the screenplay for this movie , perhaps he should have directed it too as then we would all watch it and know what was happening . Unfortunately for us this film was not written and directed by David Jamieson , it was written and directed by David Lynch , and it shows because , like most of Lynch 's other movies , it -LSB- is terrible -RSB- . Oh sure , the art-house crowd -LSB- is delighted -RSB- when Lynch -LSB- makes -RSB- another movie , but then most of these people would n't know a good movie ... So directors like Lynch can make a decent living by cranking out completely stupid and incomprehensible movies that appeal to these -LSB- people -RSB- . I give this movie two stars , one for Henry Rollins , who has a great cameo as a prison guard with a bad attitude and the other for Robert Loggia 's performance as Mr. Eddy in what has to be one of the funniest chase scenes ever filmed .
 David Lynch is a very skillful director . His use of the moving camera , special effects and use of filters is worthy of Martin Scorsese or Stanley Kubrick . This movie uses all of these skills and really gives us a haunting look at Lynch 's vision . The main problem with this movie , however , is the plot . There is none . The film only makes some sense on a subconscious and very ideological level . It barely does that . Unlike Blue Velvet , which was at least a story of coming of age and lost innocence , this movie has no point . Blue Velvet at least made the comparison between the dark world of Rossellini and the pure , sheltered and dull life of Sandie . Lost Highway attempts to deal with Pullman 's obsession with his cheating wife . We never really feel that he is that bothered by it . Even as the mechanic , he still says nothing about her . He does not have an opinion on this new woman . This whole film is a character study . Yet the only thing we know about Pullman is that he lives in a synthetic house with a plastic-like wife and sweats a lot . We never get into the emotions or character of the main players . If the movie is going to be this abstract , it needs to deal with an emotion or human predicament ; Lost Highway deals with fancy camera angles and Arquette 's naked body . It is a Remaking of Blue Velvet with more sex and violence . All of the moments in the end up to nothing . They are just like most of Lynch 's work , totally empty .
 Some guy meets the devil at a party and trades his soul for the ability to go bowling while being locked up in jail for murdering his wife .
 This would have to be one of the worst movies i have had the displeasure of watching . For one the story has no ... . logical explanation . the writer does not explain any of the weird occurances to the audience , we 're just supposed to accept that Bull Pullman just swaps bodies with that guy . I know its a movie , but even the most far fetched story line has to make some explanation to the audience . Then , the dialogue i find is boring , and does not help develop the characters , i think the script would probably be be about two pages long . The cinematically , every1 praises it , but i think it jsut tries too hard in that department to do these ` artsy ' shots . Overall I really hated this movie . Although it did have a killer soundtrack , feat NIN and marilyn manson , and i did like marilyn 's little cameo appearance in that porno .
 If you are sane , please do yourself a favor and do not see this movie.This is the most god awful movie I have ever seen in my whole life.It is very long , and seems like two different movies in the same `` story '' . Sounds good , wow two storys , what a value ! To bad neither of them make any sense.David Lynch is calling this art !?! Someone needs to beat him with a yellow plastic bat .
 the most ridiculous movie ever made do not waste your money to buy this film . it made no sense . i wish i can return it .
 Lost movienotably the worst movie I have ever been forced to watch !!!!! We were in a new home with no cable service and waiting for satellite service when this film arrived after ten minutes I left the room , but had no place to go so , yep I watched the whole thing and I dare to say I am probably the very first person to do so ever and I may well be the only person to ever watch the whole thing this movie had more flash backs than a mountain road and none of the made any sense stay away .
 Do not buy this . take my advice .1 -RRB- the image is appallingly awful . it is grainy . the color is horrid . all around crap . it would look better on VHS than this garbage .2 -RRB- it is pan and scan . no wide screen . there are parts when two characters are talking and you ca n't even see all of their bodies because of how badly it was cut off .3 -RRB- no matter what DVD player i play it on , throughout the first chapter , i can not seem to get rid or a little `` PLAY '' icon on the top right during playback . it is not my players .4 -RRB- the audio is off everywhere . sometimes you ca n't hear any dialogue.PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS . LEARN FROM MY MISTAKE .
 I watched Lost Highway 3 times in an attempt to give Lynch a chance , since I am a fan of his previous work , particularly Blue Velvet . I liked the atmosphere Lynch created , the music , the initial tension between the characters played by Arquette and Pullman , the very scary man in the Mercedes played by Loggia . There was some beautiful imagery in the film , particularly in the first few scenes that took place in the couple 's stark apartment . People who profess to be intellectuals insist that if you did n't like the film because you did n't understand it , you are simply stupid . People who did n't understand the film claim Lynch was attempting to `` cheat '' his audience by giving them nonsense disguised as art . I will not address either of these points , I will simply say that in a great film , the viewer must like or identify with or find fascinating something about the characters . Like any good story , this becomes the pull for the viewer , the reason he is interested in watching it to it 's conclusion . David Lynch does not give us a chance to form an interest in any of the characters in Lost Highway . His preoccupation is elsewhere . I can only guess that he is attempting to convince us that our visceral reaction to the film is enough to sustain our interest . For me it simply is n't . As an example , Blue Velvet works as a film because we identify with so many of its characters , both good and evil . It may sound simplistic , yet every film needs this element to be successful . We care about the people in Blue Velvet and wonder what they will do next , and our interest in them pulls us along through this incredible and at times beautiful journey . I tried desparately to allow Lost Highway to pull me along in a similar way , but with each viewing I became disinterested after the first few scenes . What 's worse is the film 's predictability . When the young garage mechanic meets the beautiful blonde , we know already he is going to be lured into a world of violence , confusion and death . He knows it too , yet he follows her along to the point of tedium . I completely lost interest in the film at this point , and when I saw a sign above a hotel reading Lost Highway Hotel , I had to rewind the film to make sure I was n't hallucinating . I was n't , and it was indeed pathetic that Lynch found the need to include a visual reference to the films title . This detail alone should have warned any `` intellectuals '' that Lynch abandoned his artistic vision somewhere along the `` Lost Highway '' . Several reviewers found the film frightening . The only frightening aspect is that Lynch could have so completely lost touch with the elements that made so many of his other films successful . In Lost Highway the point is not whether the plot makes sense , but that the film completely fails to tell us a story . Lost Highway does succeed marvelously in one way
 DO NOT BUY THIS LOST HIGHWAY IMPORT DVD ! I should have trusted the other reviewer who said that the transfer quality is beyond awful because it is ! Honestly , the quality of this import DVD is as bad as a poor quality bootleg DVD . There is a small strip on the left side of the picture because the picture is n't centered . The look of the picture is very poor and grainy . The sound does not even match up with the picture . I love this movie , but do yourself a favor and do NOT buy this import DVD . The VHS version not only looks better than the import DVD , but it is also in widescreen .
 the picture quality looks like they took it from a very used copy of a vhs and the sound is not 5.1 . I am very disappointed .
 This transfer looks like a poor cam shot in a theater . I have seen better bootlegs from cam shots than this DVD . It looks horrible . I wish I could rank the film seperate from the DVD quality -- since I ca n't , I am going to put 1 star due to the transfer ; if I could put a lower rating , I would . That 's how unprofessional this transfer is .
 This version of Lost Highway is a ` pan and scan ' version . For those of you who are not familiar with this ` cropping ' device , it essentially cuts out pieces of the frame in order for it to fit on a television screen , effectively changing what the director had intended for the audience to see . This version is in no way viewable .
 Buyers take note - The seller states that `` This is the PAL Region 2 . Multi-Region dvd player will play . '' . None of the other reviews make this distinction . Your normal american dvd player will not play this . Hopefully someone with a multi-region dvd player will actually buy a copy and review it so we can get a clue what the quality of this copy is like .
 This is David Lynch 's most uninspired film , and his worst , second only to Dune , and that 's saying a lot . Bill Pullman and Patricia arquette are the worst casting choices , especially coming from a man who I think has assembled some of the most interesting casts ever . I 'm convinced that Bill Pullman was cast in Independance Day just to make the aliens look real , next to his wooden and superficial performance . Fire Walk with me was brilliant , emotional , terrifying , heartbreaking . Lost Highway looks to me like the wet dream of a disinterested , but dirty old man . I really lost faith in a great director as a result of watching this film . He has misfired before , sure enough -LRB- Wild at Heart , Dune -RRB- , but at least those disasters showed glimpses of pure genius . Lost highway looks like a REALLLY long Marillyn Manson clip , without even the substance Manson has . Soundtrack is great though .
 Our culture is so based on derivation and copy-catting that any artist who stands on his own two feet , masters his medium , and speaks to our heart with an authentic voice , even once , achieves something like cult status . This means that he receives the corrolaries of our unbalanced appreciation of his magic art
 About as comprehensible as one expects a David Lynch movie to be , but not completely unwatchable -LRB- I finsihed it ! -RRB- . Robert Blake appears to have been made up to look like Lugosi doing Dracula -LRB- sans cape -RRB- . This is perhaps intended to be a clue to something or other.The best thing about this movie is its soundtrack . In turn , the best part of the soundtrack is This Mortal Coil -LRB- with Elizabeth Fraser 's chastely sensuous voice -RRB- performing a haunting cover of Tim Buckley 's `` Song to the Siren . '' Predictably , it 's missing from the soundtrack album .
 Went to see this movie and was expecting a good Lynch-fest like Peaks and Velvet - got junk instead . No story ... no character development ... no plot ... no introduction ... no resolution . . no conclusion . . no nothing . Just alot of blah . . blah . . blah . Like what are you supposed to come away with here . I came away with no interest in this guys films anymore . I like his other stuff , even Eraserhead had a story . This thing ? Sorry bud - no ceegar .
 I lost faith in a great director as a result of watching this film . It is Lynch 's worst film , second only to Dune , and that says a lot . Twin Peaks
 Just thought I 'd warn all the connoisseurs that , yes , this is in fact the pan and scan version . My advice
 This is my first review of a film since joining Amazon.com . I rented this garbage last night , and sat through it without budging . I have worked in the film business for quite a few years , and it still boggles my mind that the `` eclectic '' crowd still produces self-indulgent nonsense like this year after year -- while applauding themselves for what seems like their `` ingenuity '' . If you want `` Avante Garde '' , move to Paris and stop shaving and/or showering -- you 'll be appreciated for it there . The other reviews of this film -LRB- seen above -RRB- speak for themselves -- the `` eclectic '' crowd strikes again -- `` THE BEAUTY OF IT IS THAT YOU CA N'T UNDERSTAND IT '' ???? In my following descriptions and opinions , I will not violate Amazon.com 's Review Guidelines by revealing `` spoilers '' about the plot -- BECAUSE THERE IS NO PLOT ! If I were to reprint the SCRIPT , or rewrite a TRANSCRIPT , I would n't be revealing anything !! This film is one of the worst examples of `` David Lynch 's ` ART ' '' ever committed to film , and I hope AGAINST hope that investors and studios alike will turn a deaf ear the next time this self indulgent amateur comes a callin ' . Lost Highway is probably the most irritating trash that I 've seen since Event Horizon , another embarassment whose actors seem confused by the LACK OF plot or worthwhile lines . From the opening of the film , the viewer has a feeling of suspense as we travel down that dark , lonely highway -- as depicted over & over again in the promos & trailers -- as the credits zoom toward you in typical 50 's B-movie style . This was by far the best part of the film . The actual `` story '' opens with a murmuring Bill Pullman , one of the BETTER actors of our time , struggling through the direction of David Lynch , in a scene where his character is in somewhat of a sweaty , nightmare-aftermath , hearing on an answering machine that -LRB- someone , who cares -RRB- is `` dead '' , and he seems upset . Now skip to him again in possibly a flashback time , where everything 's ` right ' , and his lovely wife -- Patricia Arquette , with a bad haircut speaking in high whispering octaves that leads one to believe that someone has stepped on her tail -- seeming bored , as PA must 've been with this `` script '' -LRB- I would 've LOVED to have read this 2-page script !! -RRB- , and she just kind of hangs out , and he just kind of hangs out , and they just kind of lay there in tortuously long scenes of horn playing , lying in bed , thinking , considering in the darkness , and before you know it -- 40 MINUTES HAVE GONE BY -- AND NOTHING HAPPENED YET !! Okay , you get the picture . Next thing you know , another actor who became embarassed once the film was released -- Robert Blake -- arrives in a senseless scene where he confronts Bill Pullman at a party -- sporting pancake makeup , eyebrows shaved , with red lipstick -- the scene we 've all seen in the commercials & promos -- -LRB- Poor Robert -- who during an interview on the Jay Leno show admitted that he did n't KNOW what the film was about , even after completing it ! Jay showed his clip , and Blake just SHRUGGED ! -RRB- Blake is certainly eery in appearance , but what 's the point ? None . As is the entire flick . People get killed , which we never see . People have sex , which we kind of see . -LRB- Hey Patricia ! WAS IT WORTH IT ?? -RRB- Things burn , but do n't . A car or two crash , and we do n't care . David Lynch -- much to his discredit , and condemnation -- uses the GREAT comedian and actor Richard Pryor in scenes -LRB- Richard , having Multiple Sclerosis , is immobile , and can hardly speak discernably -RRB- that are gratuitously cruel toward the actor , and only serves to distract the filmgoer from even paying attention to the `` scene '' -- as we feel pity for Richard who portrays a bottom-of-the-rung auto repair lackey , who slowly travels through a filthy repair station . His `` role '' in this film lasts no longer than 5 minutes , and made as much sense as using Gary Busey in another role where he has nothing to say and sits on a couch . The film ends , and we realize that we 've wasted a few hours of our lives that we will never see again . Even the cinematography was amateurish . If you really want to do ` nothing ' for a few hours , take a nap , you 'll feel better and wake up feeling refreshed . This TRAIN WRECK is better left on the shelf . If you have any questions , e-mail anybody that gave this thing 5 stars . They may have the proverbial `` ANSWERS '' ! Thanks . For some REAL fun -- RENT WILD THINGS !! You 'll be entranced till the end , or even PAST the end !! Then come back here to Amazon.com and BUY IT !!
 Have n't watched but 5 minutes of the movie because the volume of the movie is so low I ca n't hear anything being said unless I turn it up to 30 on my television where I usually have it at 8 or 10 ! I 'll try watching on my computer with my headset cranked and see if I ca n't make out what is said ,
 If I ever meet D.Lynch , I 'll probably ask him my 10 kuna -LRB- Croatian currency -RRB- back for renting this video.Or at least a good explanation.I mean , I liked `` Twin Peaks '' , `` Blue Velvet '' ... and this movie has the same oneiric atmosphere , same colours , valvet curtains etc. . But anything else !!
 Lost Highway is certainly one of the strangest movies I have ever seen . Until the last moment , I was somewhat intrigued by the incomprehensible story , waiting for answers . It was extremely difficult to stand the many unpleasant and disgusting scenes of the movie , yet I was hoping that at least it was all for a purpose . However , when I discovered that all of this was only for its own sake and could never be explained by anything other than `` life itself '' -LRB- probable meaning of the title -RRB- , I could find no excuse for the existence of this work . What kind of life is this , anyway ?! Musically , this is one of the most memorable films I have ever seen , but when the beautiful sountrack is wasted in such a pathetic way , it does not redeem the movie too much . Definitely the most unpleasant film by David Lynch so far .
 While Lynch fans -LRB- who are these people ??? -RRB- will lap this film up , I was alternately bored , humiliated , riled , and depressed . Nothing , and I mean nothing , makes sense and before some pretentious wiseguy tries to tell me about postmodern nihilism or anti-narrative otherness , let me say that while film can be an instructive tool , it must also be entertaining and I ca n't imagine who would want to curl up with this waste of time at any point in their day . I would describe plot elements , but they would be irrelevant . Proceed at your own risk .
 I know many people here enjoyed this movie , but , personally , I found it a let down . After hearing so many good reviews about David Lynch 's work , I decided to give the movie a spin.While the music was chilling and well-composed , the cast `` stellar '' , and some scenes quite disturbing , the over-all effect was convoluted and confusing . I had trouble following this loopy script , and spent much of the time getting up to refill my Coke cup.If you want something dark and unusual , go with Jean Pierre Jeunet or Terry Gilliam , or even the early Chris Carter . If you want to annoy yourself , go with Lost Highway.Note
 When I saw that this DVD is not avaialable in widescreen I chewed off my left leg . Someone must pay . It is a crime .
 What a great shame this beguiling movie has been given a dreaded `` pan and scan '' release . The widescreen format is especially important to convey the unique sense of tension only David Lynch can achieve - through directing , lighting and set design . I 'm afraid I did n't even bother to watch the dvd for this reason and intend to return it as I regard Lost Highway as Lynch 's best , most satisfyingly bizzare film to date .
 As an ultimate fan of Lynch 's work , I am really shocked by this dismal Canadian edition of the truly magnificent Lost Highway - Lynch 's truly `` grande oeuvre '' . It 's a shame , to say the least , that such a piece of art could be demeaned in such a way by the horrid quality of this recording . And I certainly ca n't believe Lynch himself would have approved of this outrage . Get the film by all means , but please do n't buy this DVD !
 Some words of wisdom from Special Agent Dale Cooper `` I 'm gon na let you in on a little secret . Every day , once a day , give yourself a present ... `` Purchase a region free DVD player or find an unlock code for your player -LRB- google `` DVD unlock code '' -RRB- and purchase the Lost Highway 2 disc special edition from Amazon.co.uk . Remastered , 5.1 DTS surround , anamorphic 2.35:1 ... my 1 star rating is only based on the quality of the Canadian import . I give the UK import a solid 5 stars .
 I had been waiting so long for this movie - probably my favourite David Lynch - to come out on DVD that I grabbed the Canadian import the moment I saw it ... unfortunately it is by far the worst quality commercial DVD I have ever seen.The format is pan-and-scan -LRB- i.e. 4:3 ratio -RRB- only and the image quality is appalling . The sound -LRB- Dolby , supposedly -RRB- is little better . It is basically unwatchable . Another user review says that the DVD is somewhat better than VHS - I would say the image quality is on par with VHS , and certainly not worth the four stars that reviewer gave it ; I can not imagine how any DVD could be worse than this one.I am sure that David Lynch had nothing to do with this hastily cobbled together sham . He fine tunes his DVDs -LRB- even to the extent of removing chapters from `` The Straight Story '' -RRB- and I am sure he would be furious to see his movie butchered in this way.This DVD is of the quality I would expect if I bought the damn thing from a street vendor in Shanghai ; ...
 I bought this DVD without noticing it was n't widescreen because the store sticker was on top of the info . I was pretty mad when I got home and realized this . Then I sat down to watch it . I got hysterical . This is the worst DVD I have ever seen !!!! The compression looks like a bad internet stream , there 's a faint white line that flashes randomly across the picture -LRB- like a ghost image -RRB- , the sound is ordinary at best . I do n't know who did this hack job but I certainly intend to find out and complain . I 'm sure a high school kid with an iMac would 've done a better job at compressing this movie . It honestly looks like a copy of a copy of a pirated copy!David Lynch is one of my favorite directors and I just ca n't believe he approved this . If you need a Lynch fix , get Blue Velvet and wait for a `` real '' version of Lost Highway . This edition is absolute trash .
 First off ... be aware . Even though it is n't stated anywhere explicitly on the page , this item is PAN & SCAN . That 's what an aspect ratio of 1.33 / 1 means . I missed that.Second , the print is total crap . It 's completely grainy , and it looks like it was transferred from VHS . Stay away and look for another version of this DVD .
 First off , I agree with a previous review of this DVD . It is a total sham . I ca n't tell you how disgusted I was after purchasing this movie from Canada.I am only giving this movie One star because it is atleast a DVD , although it seems more like a VHS transferred onto DVD.There are no improvements at all . The colors are appauling at best . The image and sound of this movie are so poor that I nearly through this movie in the garbage . They totally Lost this one . I am embarresed for David Lynch . Everytime I want to show this movie to my friends I instead rent the VHS . With a little luck I can get a decent VHS copy that is Widescreen and not totally jacked up.David Lynch is one of the most icnredible director 's out there and I am so surprised that all of his movies are still not available . Mulholland Dr. comes out very soon and still no mention of Eraser Head , Lost Highway , or Wild at Heart . Take a note Distribution companies ... The true Lynch masterpieces are still waiting for the DVD treatment .
 This movie SUCKS !!! It was made with a $ 15 million budget , Obviously someone walked off with $ 14,999,900.00 in thier pocket . After watching the first ten minutes of this movie , I shoved a very sharp pencil through my eye . May only regret was that I only had one pencil . I now know why Robert Blake shot his wife !!! The only reason I am giving this movie one star , is because that is the lowest rating that can be given . Once again , THIS MOVIE SUCKS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 avoid at all costs . it 's slow , dark , and goes nowhere .
 Sometimes you wonder why people put money , time and talent into a piece of garbage like this . If they had only given me the funds that were wasted on this movie , I would have invested it and made millions.Neo-Noir ? I 'd spell it C-R-A-P . The script flew out of the car , onto the highway and was n't numbered . So they just stapled it all together without checking with anyone and you got this.It was like watching a Charlie Sheen look-alike acting badly . At 82 minutes into the movie -LRB- a miracle I go that far into it -RRB- I was contemplating pulling out the DVD and using it for target practice at the range . Robert Loggia played his oft-repeated tough-guy mobster role , Gary Busey in his pre-druggie days , and Patricia Arquette as the spaced-out , airhead girlfriend of Mr. Eddy -LRB- Loggia -RRB- who likes `` doing it '' with the Charlie Sheen guy -LRB- I forgot and do n't care what his name was -RRB- . Robert Blake played a hideous little imp with flour makeup.I truly believe these type movies are made for when you are either drunk or stoned ; or both . At 107 minutes you 'll either be laughing out loud or screaming for the director 's head . I 'd be like Tom Cruise in Tropic Thunder , and have the Key Grip punch out the Director and then I 'd improvise and have the rest of the crew punch out the writer -LRB- s -RRB- . Oh yeah , Bill Pullman was n't very convincing as the spaced-out screeching sax player earlier in this tripe . You know what ? Everyone involved in this movie was spaced-out . What do you do with garbage ? You throw it out . Do the same with this movie .
 i completely did not understand this movie at all . If you go to look in a cell to check on whoever and see another person in there , do you just say `` this is weird '' or go look for the person missing . It has Bill Pullman in the first hour then he disappears for a while and it 's another guy . Maybe this movie is just to complicated for me to understand , but i do know it 's slow and the whole thing with the video tape and Robert Blake is just too miss placed . Plus this movie is weird .
 All of David Lynchs film are stupid and this one is one of the worst followed only by the the mind numbilgly bad Muhholand drive . The only people that will these movies are psudeo intelcutals who think it is cool to say they like them . I am not stupid by the way two of my favorite films are Memento and Swimming pool , get those instead .
 Make a movie that 's a piece of rubbish and put David Lynch 's name on it , some will call it a work of genius . Even taking into account that the middle of the movie may be the desired recollection of the main character , Fred , or that the movie purposely mixes-up scenes , this movie , The Lost Highway , is still garbage . The first act with Fred as himself is boring!David Lynch is a fine director , but his screenplays and ideas are just plain dumb . The avant garde crowd may think he 's a genius but it takes the average Joe to point out the truth
 I wasted 2 hours and 8 minutes of my life , which I 'm never going to get back , watching this film . And for what reason ? None . I did n't enjoy the film , I could n't understand it , and that creepy bug eyed guy is going to give me nightmares . Up until now my worst film was ` The Last Broadcast ' , but at least that was somewhat understandable . This is my new worst film . There is NO point to this film . Maybe some smart genius could work it out , and tell me there 's some ` hidden meaning ' behind it all , but I 'm sorry , I could have done something a lot better for 128 minutes.I 've never heard of David Lynch before , but he may need some therapy , though.This film is very reminiscent of a silent movie - there 's not much dialogue , and there 's heavy focus on the imagery . I prefer more dialogue . Imagery does not explain certain scenes in this film . At certain parts , you can almost hear the music to the Twilight Zone playing - not literally , it just felt like it should be added over.Patricia Arquette plays a mysterious brunette & an ice cool blonde , and manages to appear naked five times throughout the film , for no apparent reason . And have sex in the full glare of a car 's headlights ?! Whatever turns you on . And another chick gets naked too . Definitely a movie for the guys , I think . Girls , buy something decent.When the video gets played , you almost expect the phone to ring , and tell you that you have seven days before you die - like ` The Ring ' . Did no one else see this ? Very similar . Same bad quality video picture!This film could have been cut in half , still kept in all that was necessary , and I still would have been bored . At 128 minutes , it was too long.I expected the trailer to be better on the DVD . I 've seen better teasers than that . It explained nothing about the film , and it just repeated the credits at the beginning . And how BORING were those beginning credits ? The ` lost highway ' drove me mad , they could have turned a corner or something!Giovanni Ribsi -LRB- better known as Frank , Phoebe 's brother in ` Friends ' -RRB- has a very small role in this , and is virtually unrecognisable with black hair - but you recognise the face pretty quickly if you 're a fan of ` Friends ' or have seen him in ` Gone In 60 Seconds ' . Gary Busey -LRB- Point Break , Lethal Weapon -RRB- also appears in this , looking very much like an ageing hippie ! I recognised his voice instantly , and had a laugh at his appearance!The transmogrification was very confusing . People have said Patricia Arquette playing two different characters in the same film was confusing . That was n't so confusing . One was brunette , the other was blonde - not that hard to tell the difference.Don ' t see this film unless you 're a masochist . If you 're eyeing it up in the shops , put it DOWN , and choose a GOOD movie.Shawn , next time choose a better film , sweetheart . Definitely one of your worst choices . And you say I have bad taste in films ?!
 So painful to watch ... I 'm still recovering .
 David Lynch sucks . His movies suck even more . He patches together a series of overly dramatic shots , some labored dialogue and a sprinkling of nudity and calls it art . His movies are merely an opportunity for him to wallow in his own self-aggrandizing ` creativity ' . Do n't fall for the hype.The only redeeming quality I found in this film was the music . It was actually good , but it was good before it was added to this terrible movie .
 This whole thing about Lost Highway as something to watch over and over again is ludicrous . I ca n't understand why a movie goer is supposed to watch it 14 times before enlightenment comes . Okay its not for everybody - but neither is Star Wars or Last Tango in Paris . What 's your point ? I think this movie is plugged into some art genre but not the average movie goer looking for entertainment . I liked Blue Velvet from David Linch and I liked Twin Peaks . I thought this movie was strange - that 's all .
 Can you say
 The movie starts out with a man -LRB- Bill Pullman -RRB- that suspects his wife -LRB- Patricia Arqhardtospell -RRB- of cheating on him . He finds video after video proving that it is happening . After a bit into the movie , she ends up dead and the man ends up in jail.In jail he has a strange dream the night before he disappears and is replaced by another man entirely ! It is assumed that he transforms , it is not shown . The 19 year old that replaces him -LRB- Getty -RRB- is released and the original man is never mentioned again . There are hints though that Bill Pullman 's character really exists.There is a tie in between the two characters that is not seen until near the end . It is almost as if the man that wrote the ` Lost Highway ' book wrote 2 books and smashed them together . 2 different men , with 2 different lives that exchange lives for a week or so in time.The 19 year old is a mechanic working for a mobster Mr. Eddie -LRB- Loggia -RRB- who is really Dick Durant . Mr. Eddie 's wife -LRB- Patricia Arqhardtospell -RRB- has an affair with the 19 year old and looks very similar to Bill Pullman 's wife . Not just because they are played by the same actress , but because they are supposed to be ties between Bill Pullman and Getty.The style of this movie seems to be a series of artistic shots that would be better off as photography . Shot after shot has 5 seconds of a person standing doing nothing . Then they do something , and stay there for 5 more seconds from a different angle . This movie is very easy to fall asleep to until the 45 minutes into the film when the character Peter Doyle comes into play.It is an intentionally strange movie that is dark , sometimes crazy and heart pounding and other times eerie . Everyone should watch this movie just once for those reasons . The soundtrack is stellar and it is the best ad for this movie there can ever be .
 I remember seeing this one in a cinema back in the day with me homies . Good times . After the film was over , drivebys . Good times .
 I wish I could find the original Amazon listing , copy it , paste it on an E-mail and send it to Universal home video and ask `` Where the *** are the bonus features you said were going to be on this edition . This ranks way up at the top of most disappointing DVD releases . It is unforgiveable . I was genuinely angry when I put the DVD in my player and saw the menu -LRB- with music that 's not even from the film , WTF ? -RRB- The video transfer and sound quality are great . I never owned the Canadian version , because I had a widescreen VHS copy . It 's great to finally complete my David Lynch DVD collection , but I am vastly disappointed with this release .
 I was dreaming to see this movie for a long time , since 1997 . And finally I bought it in Europe for 10 Euro . So what did I find there ? Nothing , there is lack of everything . Anyone can shoot something like this , adding clowns in movie does not make it masterpiece . It is not that I do not like David Lynch 's movies but here Mr. Lynch and some other people simply wanted to make money . One of the worsest movies ever seen .
 Let me first start by stating that I am huge David Lynch aficionado . I like all of his films -LRB- I will vehemently defend Dune and Twin Peaks
 I think that guy in white makeup is Pullman 's unconscious , so Pullman does in fact murder his wife -LRB- they 're not exactly giddy honeymooners -RRB- . At this point Pullman loses a few sheep in the top paddock and re-invents himself as the Getty character , a construction that eases his guilt and creates a fantasy scenario for a new love , unfortunatley he 's a bit obsessed with old lady so that even here Arquette 's character ca n't love him . I 'm probably way off here . I have a headache .
 `` Lost Highway '' is one of those movie where you lovethe look and feeling , but you end up not enjoying the film because of it 's structure . David Lynch is a talented director , but here he presents a poor example of style exercising . The problem is , it makes no sense . It seems as if Lynch only filmed scene notes and not a finished , well-structured screenplay . Some scenes seem as if they 've just been thrown in , for no reason , just so we could see them . `` Lost Highway '' has some wonderfully intense moments , like when the little pale man in black does a telephone trick on Bill Pullman , making it seem as if he 's in two places at once . But , who is this guy ? What perpose does he have ? What perpose does any of this have ? In the area of style , it 's a great movie . But you scratch your head too many times because nothing is in order , there 's no story really . You could only recommend this movie for a few series of images , and that 's it . This is about style , not cinema . Even the soundtrack surpasses the film with darkly entertaining songs like Marilyn Manson 's `` I Put A Spell On You . '' Other than that , this is a poor movie that needed a screenplay .
 I wonder when I 'll ever understand any other David Lynch film than ` The Straight Story ' . ` Lost Highway ' is a very typical Lynch film
 I have to say there really is some balance in these reviews and I have to agree with both sides of the argument . But in the end I think I agree with the guy from New Zealand . This movie is a tad strange and maybe a bit off-the-wall by its exploration of split personality and the whole Lynch thing about `` life imitating art '' . I truly think Blue Velvet and Fire Walk are not only his greatest movies but are great movies within the whole industry . Too bad Fire Walk did n't get the reviews Blue Velvet did . I do n't think Lost Highway will be remembered at all personally speaking , nor do I think it 'll get the `` cult status '' of Dune and Eraserhead . I do think Elephant Man needs to be re-released . Luved that but I was so so on Highway . And by saying this I do n't think anyone should say `` Oh he just does n't understand David Lynch '' - that 's just too arrogant . I luv Lynch - I did n't like Highway - Sorry . Too weird - too stupid - too long . I hope his new TV series makes it like Peaks did . Remember Jack N.
 This is a stupid movie . No I 'm not going to say - yeah and that 's the reason I liked it so much - like everybody else is saying here . Geez . I could n't figure this thing out and I do n't think someone should see a movie over and over and over again to `` figure it all out '' . If it does n't work - it does n't work . The critics panned this movie for that reason - self indulgent B.S. is all this is . Disappointing to from the same guy who gave us Blue Velvet and Twin Peaks - those were great . I do n't know why a director or producer has to confuse and irritate his audience just to get some artsy review that speaks about the degradation and horror of human life . Movies with pessimistic and cynical themes about life are way too off the wall - why bother ; just turn on the news . There you have real thing . Just ca n't bother spending money and time to watch a movie about it . I 'd rather watch the theatrical opposite - sci-fi . There optimisim and hope abound even it if has a tinge of naivite sometimes . I think Lynch has failed in this movie in that he has n't gone completely to the absurd and the ridiculous like Eraserhead . Instead he plays around with pscho-garbage theories about the psychotic and what we get is something really idiotic.Now Dune , that was good Lynch .
 The film quality is excellent and the DVD transfer did n't lose much . The actors are top notch , but the storyline is just weird and difficult to follow . I found the first half boring and was ready to pull the plug , but it got better in the second half . If there was a plot in there , I could not find it . If you are looking for an easy to follow , entertaining movie , Lost Highway is not the one for you .
 ill just start out by telling you that i felt very dissapointed with this movie . i had high expectations due to the star cameos , which i must admit that i deeply respect all of them , and a top rate sound track . It just didnt stand up to the hype ... at all . It just looked like a B movie the whole way through . The beginning was so boring and drawn out that i could bairly tolerate it . i was VERY tempted to stop the video and return in without rewinding it due to the fact that it was so boring ... and i havnt stopped watching a rented movie in years . this one was very close . some of the acting was pretty poor too ... like , unfortunatly , ole hank rollins ... ive seen him do much better than what he did in lost highway . the only reason i have this film more than one star is the fact that the director did do a good job , dispite the poor quality of the film istelf . as for the story line , i didnt like it at all . i like strange movies , but i just didnt care for this script at all . it did pick up towards the end a bit and i did like the pastey camera character , so that did help get the second star . My main beef with the movie was the lack of backround sounds and music . the film wasnt all that bad during the times when there was some sort of music in the backround.art ? who am i to say . all i am saying is that i didnt really care for this movie and would never suggest it to anyone i know , and they would trust me because they trust my film reviews for the most part . i may not know art , but i know what i like . . and i just didnt care for this . it just , how do you say . . SUCKED ! i SAID IT ! SO THERE !
 lovely picture quality but bad soundtrack transfer . the cute ` come out ' song is particularly bad - the orchestra sounds ` wobbly ' . my old vhs copy is way better.a pity , because this early sinatra movie has some musical gems .
 First of all , `` The Game '' is an awesome and exciting thriller of a movie . I highly recommend checking it out.However . . I purchased this movie for a hearing impaired relative of mine based on the fact that Amazon 's Product Details description CLEARLY states . . Subtitles
 OK - let 's just get the fact out of the way that this movie was fantastic . I remember seeing the trailer in theatres , thinking it looked great . So I was one of the few that actually caught it in the theatre and actually loved it . -LRB- One of the few films that lives up to a great trailer -RRB- . So for the HD version . I have to agree with most of the BAD HD reviews . This is a total `` embarrassment '' on the part of Universal for releasing such an obviously , un-remastered version of it in HD . You actually can tell there is a slight difference on a 56 '' HD screen but for smaller TV 's , I can imagine there is almost no gain at all in quality over the standard dvd -LRB- which was an earlier generation transfer to begin with -RRB- . This is such a shame because this film along with a lot of Fincher 's other `` dark '' -LRB- actual film quality vs. content -RRB- films deserve better treatment . Do not waste your money thinking it will look better because it 's on HD-DVD . We 'll have to wait for it to get remastered which does not look good at this point . I doubt Universal will follow Sony 's suit in remastering , like the fifth element after bad bluray reviews . Universal chose HD-DVD because it 's cheaper to produce so they probably wo n't listen to consumer 's reviews on horrible transfers . -LRB- you know ... the savvy consumers that buy up early generation players/software to get things started . -RRB-
 Fincher fans will enjoy his trademark icy , modern sheen , which is apparent in every scene of this self-consciously complicated thriller , but if you 've taken it seriously and followed along until the end , you 'll feel cheated . In a word
 This film is a trite 90 's foe-thriller that completely abandons plausibility . The script is terrible , but the acting and directing are great . It 's still barely able to save this story at all . Pass if not for the Fincher completists . The writing team also penned the last two Terminator movies and Catwoman .
 I 'm not sure which film most of the other reviewers below have seen , but this clunker easily earns its reputation as David Fincher 's `` bad '' movie . Where `` Fight Club , '' `` Se7en , '' and even `` Panic Room '' were all more or less successful in portraying engaging characters , setting convincing moods , and effortlessly bringing the viewer along with the narrative -LRB- all signs of a truly great director -RRB- , `` The Game '' lamely prods us through just over two sadistic hours of largely predictable plot points . I 've heard others claim that this film references `` The Trial '' or the story of Job somehow , but this story is fully spiritually removed from either of these sources -- especially given the unbearably treacly ending.It probably was n't Fincher 's fault -- it appears that he just got caught up in what he thought to be , at the time , a really revolutionary script -- so I 'm willing to forgive him this one . -LRB- No surprise , incidentally , that this is the only one of his DVDs without commentary or other features . -RRB- The actors nearly rescue the situation , although not too well . Douglas warms over a chilly re-hash of `` Wall Street '' 's Gordon Gekko just for the occasion , Sean Penn embarrasses himself in every scene right up to the horrible denouement and `` surprise '' finale , and Michelle Unger ... well , she looks nice . Which was enough to merit a star more than I thought this deserved.In short
 I agree with the viewer from San Diego . This film is very cruel and demonstrates the makers ' deep contempt for humanity . I hope making this movie was cathartic for the director , writer et al because I 'd hate to think of them walking around with such a perspective .
 Oh paleease -- Stop with the BS this film throws at you . C'mon now . Who is this director anyway ?? This guy is known for Seven and Fight Club ?? Seven and Fight Club were much much better than this piece of overhyped trash!Spare yourself the viewing of this film .
 This particular movie was the first that I could remember that its climax would be the downfall of the movie . Director David Fincher delivers a suspense thrill ride of a movie which has enough twists to keep you guessing until the movie ends . Michael Douglas gives his usual believable outstanding performance as a cold control freak who 's reality is turned upside down after an intriguing gift to play a `` game '' by his brother -LRB- Sean Penn -RRB- . All the elements of a true psychological thriller are here but that is all that this movie ends in having
 this movie does not worth writing review on it . it is a waist of money to buy it or rent it .
 This movie was very slow and very difficult to understand the actual plot . I fell asleep within the first half hour of the movie .
 The philosophy of this film is a very dangerous one
 ... but how does this dog even rate a DVD version , much less a Criterian Blu-ray release ? I saw this POS in the theater way back when and was totally disappointed at how manipulative it was , how transparent it was , and ultimately , how stupid it was . When Sean Penn disappears early in the movie you know right away that he 's behind all of it , and then at the end when he pops up and it 's all a big joke , I would have shot him right there . Rarely have I left a theater pissed off but to have everything that happens explained away in the end as just a big elaborate practical joke , I just felt cheated . Having a Criterion version of this is the ultimate act of polishing a turd .
 Gee whiz , what a brilliant picture --------- NOT !!!! : o -RRB-
 ... So this guy is to believe he 's murdered the last living member of his family and had his assets , finance , career , friends , integrity , pride and identity taken away from him , just for the purpose of his drop-kick , powdered nosed brother wanting him to relax and enjoy life a little more . The ending was so unbelievably far fetched it made my skin crawl . What would they have done if the guy decided to throw himself of the other side of the building , or blow his brains out , or even thrown himself in front of a bus ??? ... PA - LEASE !!!
 The movie keeps you guessing , right up until the end . The end reveals just how baseless the movie is . Think about it ... the movie is based on something that simply put , would never happen , not even a chance . Again , what are the odds that a guy trapped in a taxi cab that goes over a seawall , survives ? ... same guy falling many stories ... survives ? Happy birthday ??? Awful , insulting . Sick .
 Fincher has this thing with endings . `` Seven '' was awful until the final 30 minutes , which contained his best work . `` The Fight Club '' was wittier than I expected , but the ending was abysmal . And `` The Game '' has the worst ending of any movie I can think of right now . If you thought it was a good ending , do yourself a favor -- replay the movie , for real or in your head , and look at how close Douglas 's character comes to being killed . Then replay the ending and his reaction when he discovers it 's all a `` game . '' `` The Twilight Zone , '' was more in tune to human nature than this is .
 Very far-fetched , even for a movie ... Insults the average man 's intelligence , need not say what it does to the intelligence of a thinking man ... Michael Douglas is probably the only positive aspect of this otherwise silly film . Maybe if viewed by an audience of bright-eyed , gullable , 12-year olds , the movie would reach it 's full potential with it 's so-called surprises.I must honestly say this picture was one of the biggest dissapointments I have witnessed , considering I was looking forward to an excellent thriller , but what I got was a goofy , rediculous fantasy ... For anyone contemplating a purchase , please consider renting first . Then , after you view `` The Game '' , you will understand why any truly intelligent person would NOT make this a purchase ... What an awfully overrated movie !! Shame on you silly little people behind this picture for thinking you could get away with trash like this . Adios !
 Poor Nicholas misses the breakaway glass and goes SPLAT !! Just like daddy.Conrad finally realizes what a sick , sadistic fool he is , and plummets himself down after . SPLAT !! The ridiculous CRS crew throw their hands in the air in unison and exclaim , `` This was n't OUR fault , we were just doing our jobs !! `` The movie set is suddenly invaded by Storm-Troopers , who proceed to open fire with their blasters , killing anyone who was paid to take part in this asinine game , including David Fincher.Now THAT would have been a good ending .
 Put your imagination on hold , place your intellect on the shelf , and maybe , just maybe , you might enjoy this movie . lt is perhaps the most contrived shlock film with the most ludicrous plot and the most impossible events and occurrences of any film l 've ever seen in the past 60 years . lf you do n't shake your head in despair by the middle of this muddle , you are probably not a film buff . And if you do n't burst out laughing at the incredulous conclusion , you qualify for the `` Edd Wood Award For Puerility '' . Shame on the writer , producer , director & studio !
 ... as my first review , mysteriously , never appeared in the roster . Onward
 This movie is a flop , plain and simple . The acting is subpar , camerawork is shoddy , and the storyline is incomprehensible . Is there a movie that is more farfetched -LRB- besides the Da Vinci Code -RRB- ? The ending is unbelievable , as in no one would believe that someone would actually go through all the trouble to play a prank on somebody like they did to Michael Douglas . It 's hard to believe that famous actors like Douglas and Sean Penn actually signed on to this drivel . They must have liked the `` twist ending , '' that only was a twist because it made no sense . Seriously people , how could you enjoyed this movie ?! It says it is a `` thinking-man 's thriller . '' What ? The only thoughts I had was `` Whuhh ? ''
 This film is about a wealthy business man played by Michael Douglas who gets present for his birthday from his younger and wilder brother . The gift is a game . It is a very expensive and exclusive game played across the city using dozens of characters and involving an endless series of increasingly dangerous and unpleasant situations . The producers want you to believe that no real animosity can exist between brothers when one of them crosses the line , grandiously . If I had been the wealthy business man character and I had a younger brother like that I would not have been so forgiving.That is the problem for me with this movie . I think not all things are forgivable even within the frame of family , while the producer says all is forgivable , and to forgive is supreme even in the face of total garbage . The premise remains all consuming even though the film is filmed with excellent technical skill and the acting is perfect . The overall concept is just wrong.I call it a dangerous movie somehow because it suggest that such things like the game happen in real life , and should be OK , when I think such a game in real life would be the antithesis of OK , both during , before , and after .
 This is undeniably a bad movie . However , many people enjoyed it . I have no clue as to why . I know this one kid , whose obsessed with this movie . GET A LIFE , MAN ! Truthfully , this movie was overrated , and Michael Douglas 's worst film . If you 're not particularly fond of movies with weak plots , extreme coincidences , and horrible endings , I recommend that you not waste your time viewing this terribly inept film . After all , you only live once , right ?
 The `` Michael Douglas in peril '' era of the late 80s/early 90s is revisted with `` The Game , '' the only difference here is that he 's not a nice guy . But the rest is here , as Douglas is again pursued by a formidable/irrational foe -LRB- this time in the form of company called CRS , which plays endless practical jokes on clients -RRB- , and yes , she 's here too , the obligatory femme fatale that 's also a staple of these types of Douglas movies , played by Deborah Unger.The movie works okay as a thrilling little Twilight Zone-like piece , but the plot is ridiculous in that some of the jokes that CRS plays on Douglas are ridiculous , some actually criminal , and some having to rely on the company being able to read Douglas ' mind in order to work . And Sean Penn -LRB- who plays Douglas ' brother and arranged the whole thing with CRS -RRB- comes off as more unintentionally comical than serious , I laughed at Penn 's delivery of `` I hired the company too , I now they wo n't stop !! `` And the ending is ludicrous -LRB- spoiler ahead -RRB- -- yeah , Douglas is going to be all smiles and want to take to dinner the woman -LRB- Unger -RRB- who drugged him and arranged for his kidnapping to Mexico , and even agrees to pay the company the bill for all this after they never even told him that his initial application was ever accepted -- Douglas should 've secretly called the cops at the end of the movie and had them all arrested.But not a bad little average thriller for a quick rental , but nothing more .
 I am SO disappointed . I have been waiting for so long for a blu ray version to come out and the movie is NOT subtitled !
 Bad , bad movie . I give it an extra star for some wonderful stylistic touches by Fincher -LRB- the old home movie with the piano music in the beginning is absolutely wonderful -RRB- , but the further into the movie you get , the worse it is . What begins as a stylish and interesting film degenerates into a lackluster adventure/mystery , with the entrance of Debra Unger 's character marking a turn for the worse . The dialogue suddenly becomes trite , and the actions of the characters no longer seem believable , even in the suspended context of the film 's own reality . The stylistic moments begin to seem out of place . And THEN , in the last half-hour ... lord ... rarely have I seen such incompetant film-making . There are a lot of `` surprising revelations , '' but most of them are not so much surprising as they are forced-feeling , over-the-top , and just generally not very clever . And the ending is absolutely God Awful . Unquestionably the dumbest `` climax '' to a film I have ever seen . Aside from the fact that you could poke about 2 billion holes in it , it 's just aesthetically stupid and dramatically unbelievable . David Fincher 's worst film to date .
 ONE star for lack of a SE . If you were lucky to collect films on laserdisc in the 90 's you had the chance to own this Fincher classic ; unfortunately , you can not partake of its supplemental material on dvd . It is a JOKE that whichever studio owns the rights will not give this the deluxe treatment . It is n't as though Fincher is some hack - look at what he 's accomplished . It 's a title that warrants a SE , there is NO QUESTION . Criterion , DO IT !
 This film was living up to its hype for most of it , until the ending , at which point it all fell apart in what must be one of the most senseless , absolutely moronic and ridiculous endings I 've ever seen . To go into detail would be to spoil it , so I 'll just say that thanks to the ending , what could have been a good film is completely undone , and the viewer -LRB- the intelligent one , anyway -RRB- is left insulted.David Fincher knows how to put together a good-looking film , with all the requisite entertainment elements , but what he just does n't get are the concepts of plot coherence , reasonable limits of suspension of disbelief , and anything approaching feasibility . This movie ends up being just a meaningless two-hour joyride , with a last few minutes that negates those two hours with a level of stupidity that few films in history have ever matched.I was wondering how such an apparently hyped movie , with such a stellar cast , could have had such a low profile . Now I know .
 This has to be one of the most dreadful films I have even seen . The story is absurd , the charaters are completely repusive , and the ending is an insult to anyone with an IQ exceeding that of a turnip . The only conclusion one can draw from this film is that the director , the writer and the actors view humanity with absolute contempt .
 I will get out in the open that I consider David Fincher one of the freshest and more mature voices of this generation of film directors . He is a marvelous storyteller and he understands how to mesh style with substance in remarkable ways.Sadly , ` The Game ' is easily his weakest effort.Really , ` The Game ' fails in areas outside of the direction , which is very well orchestrated despite the film 's many limitations . The tension is amicable and reminds me a lower end De Palma film actually ; a little copy-cattish and not at all original but effective for the most part . Michael Douglas is always adept to playing a self-absorbed business man , and he nails that side of character with ease , but he also grapples with the growing panic and eventual paranoia of his character very well . I 'll admit , I was impressed , especially since I consider Douglas an actor of minimal range . The rest of the cast is slightly laughable . James Rebhorn is awful here and Sean Penn , while utilizing his youthful charisma , is a tad overdone in some scenes -LRB- his paranoid breakdown lacks real conviction -RRB- and Deborah Kara Unger is about as convincing as a two-by-four . I 'll say that the film 's biggest asset is easily the production designers who really worked great angles at making this an entrenched thriller . Those sets are outstanding.But really , the film 's ultimate downfall is the ridiculous screenplay . The film is just a preposterous mess , and while suspension of disbelief is best used in film 's like this , the pure ridiculous of the plot itself it just irritating . I thought that the initial concept seemed intriguing -LRB- the whole ` hand someone a profound life experience in the form of a game they do n't understand but have to play out ' -RRB- but the way in which the script fleshes itself is so full of plot holes and lapses in possibility that it is a complete mess.Skip this ; it 's dumb .
 The Game has the potential to be an exquisite thriller if it had remained the homage to revenge fantasies it started out being . However , towards the climax of the film , the rug is rudely ripped out from under the feet of the viewer as we are now treated to a film that decided to be a thinking man 's thriller . In order for the Game to be a thriller , there would have to be genuine thrills instead of jaw-droppingly pallid scenes involving Douglas plunging to near-certain death only to `` miraculously '' survive . Apparently , the filmmaker has mistaken roller-coaster ride style shocks for thrills of a psychological bent.The pseudo twist ending made the film an incoherent mess and failed to invite the viewer to reflect at all . And I watched this film closely.In summary , the Game is an entertaining watch if its on TV for free and you 've nothing better to watch .
 These post Ginger pictures are way off track . How many did he make before he saw the error of his ways . Thank goodness he went with Judy Garkand in Easter Parade and had a second career . I love Fred but I will not watch this one again .
 We Purchased this movie for are dental office as something to show kids in the office or when we go to the local schools . We will start with the fact that we where under the impression it was going to be a animated movie well it was n't . The movie was just tacky very , very tacky . When the lady started talking about brushing there 's this creepy guy popping in and out brushing his hair with a tooth brush . The villain of the whole thing was just scary where showing this to 1st and 2nd graders . I wo n't even start on the music video at the end . This video was very bad and the Assistants in the office who dared show it to their kids did n't get the best feedback on it either . I Forgot to mention that it took us almost 3 weeks to get it when we asked for it within a week . In closing if you 're looking for a movie to scare or just hear kids complain this is the movie for you .
 Mr KILLIAN is quite right about TIM WHELAN . I would n't blame RKO for the failure of that movie who had enough money for a cheap screenplay -LRB- Jay Dratler and Ray Spence -RRB- RKO had paid 15000 dollars for the rights of the Rodgers and Hart musical , a flop in 1940 . Only one song was kept and Adamson-Mc Hugh were paid for four new songs . No question about money there . Whelan was also producer on that one . The cinematography by Robert de Grasse was good , as usual.But Leon Errol does his Leon Errol thing . Victor Borge plays the piano , as Borge is expected to do . Haley plays Haley . Sinatra plays himself , so there is no character in the movie . He looks over made up and very tired , and just sings not so good songs . Our own Mich&egrave;le Morgan looks old and not attractive . The Edward Stevenson gowns even look without style.Only Marcy Mc Guire , as a servant chasing Sinatra is her usual dynamic self.It is really too bad as the beginning looks promising
 I received the product in a timely manner , however it was not what I expected . I thought I was getting video of live performances , and what I got was videos that I could have watched on cable .
 I was a little disappointed in the WOW 2009 . It used some of the same artist as shown in WOW 2008 .
 I was not happy as I would have like to see live acts not video . I also wish they had put all the acts that were on the C.D. . The dvd was cut to 17 acts , and it was not what I had expected .
 You might as well buy their live CD 's . Although the sound is great , the video is hazy and poor compared to The Deepest End DVD . Seems like The Deepest End is out of print but BUY IT if you can . Of course , most Mule fans are work horse fans -LRB- stubborn as Mules -RRB- if you are one of those then you 'll still like this package .
 What a weird weird movie . The chemistry between Ewan McGregor and Cameron Diaz really works , but the movie 's plot line is just horrid . It 's pointless and I could n't keep myself glued to the t.v. for however long this movie is . I would n't recommend this movie to anyone , unless they do n't have something better to do .
 How this one rated 4 + stars is beyond comprehension . I kept watching thinking it must get better -- well it did n't .
 Imagine attempting to expand/extrapolate the absolutely trite monologue that opens TRAINSPOTTING into anything other than a glossy picaresque punk romp . Impocerous ! There 's nothing in/to Boyle , yet , & may never be . Who can say ? Diaz IS lovely/charming here , & the attempt is generally sweet , well-meant , but the script is atrocious , sophomoric . A sort of meta-Coens movie minus the brothers ' wordy dazzle & deep love for & knowledge of the history of movies . Unfortunate , but there will be more of this sort of thing ?
 I 'm sorry , this film is just plain dull . Ewan & Cameron have no chemistry together at all . If you 'd like to see a great kidnapping movie , you should check out Vincent Gallo 's dark comedy `` Buffalo ' 66 '' with Gallo & Cristina Ricci . Gallo 's is better than `` ALLO '' .
 of all the bad films I have ever seen this is the worst . The plot is the kind that makes you muddled and dissatisfied . if Cameron Diaz had had a more interesting part I would have said that she played it well , but she had the most boring part ever ! By the end of the film I was almost asleep . Although I feel that this would have been a good film if they told you just a little bit about what is going on , I would not reccomend this film to anyone except people who like films that make you feel as if you must have missed a vital line !
 This film is a disappointment for those who are familiar with previous work from Boyle and McGregor . Its meandering story line is overly long and demands serious editing to tighten up the focus . A sub-plot involving heavenly messengers is merely distracting , and adds nothing to the basic story of an implausible love between a bumbling , misguided janitor and the spoiled heiress he kidnaps in an effort to regain his job mopping floors . Perhaps this lack of believablity stems from the basic lack of balance between the co-stars . Diaz can not match the intensity of McGregor , who is all over the map with his character 's emotions , and at the point where she needs to invest a great deal of authenticity in her character to lend credibility to the exteme fantasy of the ending she fails completely , and the ending becomes just another one of the gimmicks Boyle has sprinkled throughout this film . There is an extraordinary amount of gun-related violence in this film and it is very disturbing to see a gun in someone 's hand in almost every scene . In all a very unclear and confused story . Because there is no nudity or adult sexual content and limited offensive language , usually in McGregor 's indecipherable accent , this one is more age appropriate McGregor 's fan base of 14 year old girls than his usual work . They 'll get a big kick out of the cute little animation that follows the credits , perhaps the best part of the film .
 Some parts were good , but it 's a movie that you regret wasting part of your life watching . Do n't bother ...
 I 'm glad I can review it , if only to warn people never to watch this piece of complete and utter garbage . It took me a long time to be able to watch any movie that had either Diaz or MacGregor in it after this one , merely because of how much it stunk.Its a shame I can only go as low as one star , it deserves a lot less than that . It 's boring , hard to follow , completely stupid and I 'm still not quite certain what exactly happened at the end . Sitting and staring at a blank wall for two hours would be more interesting than this movie , so as a warning , DO N'T BUY OR EVEN WATCH IT !!
 This is one of those movies that will confuse and befuddle you . Just when you think you are catching on , it changes style and tempo . It would n't be that bad a road movie if they cut out the angelic interference and made it a straight character film . Cameron Diaz does a good job playing the spoiled rich witch , and Ewan McGregor does ok as the down on his luck janitor . To make a long story short he ends up kidnapping her -LRB- or is it the other way around ? -RRB- And of course they fall in love at the end . The plot takes on a weird supernatural angle with two angels that try to help the two along in their rocky road to romance . And gets weirder with a drunken hallucination karioke scene . You wo n't know whether you 're coming or going with this movie . Although , after all this I have to say that there were some funny moments that will make you laugh , you 'll just wish they ended up in a better film .
 What was this ????? After two masterpieces , `` Shallow Grave '' and `` Trainspotting '' , Danny Boyle directed this offbeat road movie about a awkward shy guy -LRB- Ewan McGregor -RRB- who kidnaps his boss ` s arrogant daughter -LRB- Cameron Diaz -RRB- and they soon begin a wacky trip together . Add a couple of angels -LRB- Holly Hunter and Delroy Lino -RRB- whose job it to make the youngsters fall in love with each other.The premise is original and witty enough , but unfortunately the movie is too uneven , combining chase sequences , karaoke dances , romantic comedy elements , dark humor and some gore that do n`t mix very well . It has its funny moments and touching scenes , even if those seem somewhat lost in the postmodernist plot that ` s weird just because . Problem is , despite some style , decent acting -LRB- Diaz is alright , McGregor is great and hilarious -RRB- and a hip soundtrack , this cinematic experience feels empty and lacks a point . I wo n`t even get into the over-the-top ending -LRB- but in this movie anything is possible anyway -RRB- . And I could live without those angels , too.Well , after the excellent `` Trainspotting '' , this one really is disappointing , though it ` s watchable as an average , not-too-good-not-terrible popcorn movie . Despite the witty ideas , the final result is just ordinary .
 This movie COULD have been great as a romantic comedy . All the elements were there -- great actors , a fun premise . Great in theory , lousy in execution . McGregor comes off so weak and bumbling that he 's completely ineffectual as the male lead . It 's bad enough that he plays such a complete doofus , but did they have to give him what 's probably the worst wardrobe and haircut I 've ever seen on the guy !? Diaz 's character is such a witch that you do n't care whether or not she 's happy in the end . Both of these flawed characters could have worked if there had been any character development at all , but mostly the viewer is just supposed to believe that these two people deserve happiness because the fates and divine guidance say so . You start out rooting for them , but 20 minutes into the story and you just do n't care about either one of them . Both stars deserve better .
 The best thing about '' A Life Less Ordinary '' -LRB- 1997 -RRB- is the title . It 's downhill from that point as the '' Shallow Grave '' and '' Trainspotting '' team stumbles big-time in this money losing and ill-conceived marriage of `` It 's A Wonderful Life '' and `` Raising Arizona '' . Just to be sure that no originality was added to this mix they incorporated a bit of `` Reservoir Dogs '' and cast Ewan McGregor to imitate Malcomb McDowell 's Alex from `` Clockwork Orange '' . Good grief this is bad.Genre is anybody 's guess but the database lists it as comedy and romance . The romance element is supposed to be supplied by McGregor and Cameron Diaz but with zero chemistry between them they have a hard time selling that element . Diaz is simply a horrible actress and Danny Boyle astonishingly clueless at acting for the camera direction so `` A Life Less Ordinary '' was pretty much doomed during the casting process.Actually it was doomed during the writing process as comedy is in short supply and what drama there is just is n't enough to carry the movie ; of course the drama element is not supposed to be the strength of a comedy romance.What comedy elements exist are supplied by Holly Hunter and Delroy Lindo , who play two angels sent to earth to engineer a romance between McGregor and Diaz -LRB- who his character has kidnapped -RRB- . Hunter 's bits are quite good and worth watching if you just want to fast forward through the remaining 2/3 or the movie . Somehow she comes off about 20 times sexier than Diaz , while basically doing a female version of her `` Raising Arizona '' adversary Leonard Smalls . This was totally unintentional , very scary , and a major embarrassment to the younger Diaz.The kidnapping romance thing was done very badly in `` Excess Baggage '' but is actually worse here.Then again , what do I know ? I 'm only a child .
 From the giddy heights of Trainspotting , Danny Boyle stooped to this . A fairly average romantic comedy with twists . The acting is ok , the script is fairly ordinary . The normally inventive camerawork seems strained , as if Boyle felt pressured to add `` original '' touches to the film that didnt work with them in . It wasnt a bad movie , it just wasnt that great . I really wanted to watch the entire thing but walked out 3/4 of the way through . . I just felt i had better things to do . you may do also . .
 Wow , it seems a shame that the lovely Cameron Diaz can be in so many mediocre to awful movies . This ranks down near the bottom , in the same category as THE SWEETEST THING . Both movies have talented , likeable actors , but the story in both never really takes off . This is just an excuse to put the main actors -LRB- a pathetic loser who wants to write a novel and a pampered , cruel woman with an even more selfish father -RRB- in uncomfortable and rarely funny circumstances . The sub plot of two angels sent down from Heaven -LRB- a police station ! - Ahhhh ! -RRB- to intervene is handled equally poorly as other parts ; rather than having a worthy example of what Angles can look like -LRB- example - Cary Grant from THE BISHOP 'S WIFE -RRB- the two show only interest in preventing their punishment of spending eternity on earth rather than Heaven . I tried to be kind , but this is a dismal picture and one I wish I had stopped after the first few minutes rather than wasting both my time and money with !
 This movie is completely irrelevant . I ca n't even call it a `` bad '' movie because that implies some sort of campy quality that could be appealing . This movie has zero appeal . In fact , I think it should be obliterated . This saddens me , as I am a huge fan of Ewan McGregor and the directing/screenwriting team who created Shallow Grave and Trainspotting . Why did they put wonderful actors like Ian Holm , Stanley Tucci , Tony Shalhoub , and even Holly Hunter through the embarrassment of appearing in this dud ? This movie has characters we care nothing about , is pointlessly derivative , plotless , and ends up putting the viewer through a great deal of pain for daring to watch .
 Anyone who thinks kidnapping at gunpoint can form the foundation for a serious true-love relationship has some issues they need to work on . This film has no plot to speak of and gives you no reason to care what happens to the characters or their made-just-outside-Hollywood relationship . That said , the acting is pretty good and the schtick with the angels concerned about their medical costs is funny . This movie had everything going for it and there are a lot of good scenes . The poor overall rating is not the fault of the cast or the writers . The basic concept is highly shopworn and the casual treatment of violence , class , sexuality , and power fails to achieve the biting edge that I 've come expect from these wacky cynical GenX semi-indie postmodern comedies .
 In the style of wacky runaway heiress or road buddies on the lam films a la Frank Capra , A Life Less Ordinary is a dark comedy that stretches the definition of funny . Director Danny Boyle 's previous hits , e.g. Shallow Grave , Trainspotting , were morality tales with wit and style that defined the British cinema of the 90s . ALLO is not up to either wit or style in a rambling odd story of frustrated love . Ewan McGregor , an actor who is lively and dynamic in his two previous Boyle pictures never seems to find his character as Robert , a nebbish Scottish janitor in Salt Lake City , Utah who goes ballistic when he is fired and replaced by a bad R2D2 imitation . Camerion Diaz is lovely in the role of a spoiled brat kidnapped by Robert , but the chemistry between the two actors never heats up the screen . Wacky heiress Celine ca n't sing or dance while the kidnapper sings and dances rings around her . Charming Robert ca n't threaten or write a convincing ransom letter , but Celine is so condesending and chrulish toward him that sympathy transfers to the kidnapper instead of the victim . Adding to the muddle are two bumbling angels -LRB- Holly Hunter and Delroy Lindo -RRB- whose divine task is to assure the mismatched pair fall in love . It is a subplot that distracts rather than adds to the story . If the plot sounds confused it is because Boyle never seems to make up his mind what the kind of film he wants to direct . The stellar cast attempt to save their roles but are handicapped by a screenplay that never quite follows a recognizable genre . The American film debut of director Boyle and producer Andrew MacDonald flounders under so many problems that ALLO is comedic , but it is a comedy of error , misdirection , and ambiguity that fails to entertain .
 Only goes to show , you can have very talented actors , a good script but if there is no chemistry between the two romantic leads you got one big goose egg on your face movie . Too bad .
 This film never really knows where its going and to be honest it is a pretty terrible movie , although it is slightly saved by two good performances from Cameron Diaz and Ewan McGregor .
 Some things hold over time , while others do not . In the case of A Life Less Ordinary , I had hoped it would be the more optimistic of the two . While ten years have passed since I sat in the darkened movie theatre at the Beverly Center and watched this , a multitude of things have changed ; and yes , I can safely say that my life has probably become more ordinary than less ordinary - so please take what I say with an objective ear , or eye ... For Instance : In the film Gasoline is only $ 1.39 , now it 's close to $ 4 a gallon.In the film the Heroine is still moved by poetry , while women of today are not . You would probably be laughed at if you wrote a poem for most women , which is a shame to say the least.In the film , the black bar presentation used to be a standard , now it 's just an annoyance.In the film , an obscure , but hip soundtrack was almost a new idea , now it 's just a played out and an overused idea that ended when every TV show now features a pop-song or two.In the film , you 're subjected to what 's known as the encore ending , which just keeps on going - now no studio would tolerate it.In the film , the 103 minute runtime feels like 130 minutes.In the film , a Wallace & Gromit style ending was unnecessary , these days they make entire films like that.Overall , this film is pretty forgettable and most people have already done just that . Some people have seen it , a few vaguely remember it but honestly most have never heard of it . My experiences with this film are purely personal but mostly having to do with who I went with , rather than the movie itself . I can imagine that it 's this way for most people as well . At best , this was just a fleeting failure of a date movie made in the early days of Danny Boyle , who would later dream up the greatest zombie flick ever made ,28 Days Later.I was bored to tears in several places during this movie , which was n't what I remembered but that 's just the cruel irony of fate . The story seems to have elements of themes that were typical of the times , much like pictures from the great depression had themes of the everyman overcoming insurmountable odds . This film has the down and out young man , mopping diner floors like inUntamed Heart , the kidnapping plot fromThe Big Hitand of course the William S. Burroughstrue storyof `` William Tell with a .454 Casul '' thread that seemed to be so pervasive everywhere just before Burrough 's much timely demise during that same year.A dark time for romantic drama , ornoir dramatic comedyor even ensemble picture , take your pick . From Maury Chaukin , who not only delivers the best one liner in the movie -LRB- I watch mostly the biblical channels -RRB- , but did the same inDances with Wolves -LRB- I 've peed my pants and there 's nothing you can do about it -RRB- ... to Delroy Lindo and Holly Hunter as rogue angels , on a mission from God and Gabriel , who almost together steal this entire movie , with a sub-plot that is vastly more interesting than the main plot.So , with all the faults and lack of a developed story and riding on the successes ofTrainspotting , this film will probably forever be delegated to the $ 5 bin at Walmaze or entirely forgotten.Strangely , the one thing that was ahead of it 's time in this -- was Ewan 's idea for a pulp novel , which was rightly seen as `` predictable '' . The story of an illegitimate daughter between Marilyn Monroe and John F. Kennedy would be just the thing that Studio 's would stupidly try to produce these days and think that it 's cool and/or marketable .
 Do n't get me wrong . Space Pirate Captain Harlock is one of the greatest anim&eacute; of all times . The problem here is this particular edition . To begin with , several key scenes -LRB- mostly involving violence or nudity -RRB- have been deleted to make the show kid-friendly . If they were few of them , I guess the show would be watchable . However , episodes such as `` L'etoile Filante de l'amour '' have been so censored that the few scenes left do n't tell the story well . It gets confusing . In addition , if you 're someone who actually has seen the original version , you 'll know what you are missing.The other great problem with this DVD set is the music
 Heard Aida long ago , except the march and `` Celeste Aida '' , I remembered not liking it at all . But it 's so popular , I thought I 'd give it another try . Got this DVD for about $ 3 - paid too much . The entire disc is 80 minutes - did n't finish it , so do n't know how much of that is commentary . Hated every note . Worst singing I ever heard outside a church . Colors and photography were beautiful .
 The inappropriately titled Wild Gals of the Naked West is one of the stranger films in the Russ Meyer canon . Filmed to look like a cartoon the film is one of Meyer 's rare missteps . The biggest problem with the film is that it does not work either as broad comedy nor as a traditional nudie-cutie . The comedy veers into the inane and the women are not beautiful.The film , told from the point of view of an old prospector -LRB- jack Moran -RRB- gives the story of why one particular western ghost town without a name died . Prior to the arrival of a stranger -LRB- Sammy Gilbert -RRB- on a burro , the town was like many others
 Wild Gals is the worst film Meyer did by far . Unwatchable . Blacksnake is not bad , just completely different from the average Russ Meyer film . Does n't look like any other of his films .
 Of course Marvin is one of the greatest R&B artists of all time , and his fans will likely be happy to have any of his music on video . I have hundreds of music videos from the 70 's , 80 , s and 90 's I have collected over the years by countless artists . However , I have purchased several DVD concerts and find most of them to be of very poor quality in video and sound . This one is no different . It seems that the producers are just throwing any video concert into the market without caring about the quality , just to make a dollar . The result is `` music lovers '' are repeated being burned by lousy quality concerts of their favorite artists . If you are not going to remaster the video for the current techology , then its a waste of money .
 Alpha Video is one of those companies that copies film-based movies directly to DVD with no digital remastering of either the video or audio . As a result , the video jumped at times and spots blinked across the screen . Most of the dialogue sounded like people talking inside a large tin can lined with acoustic insulation.The plot and characters did not age very well . It may have been funny at one time , but having two friends , O'Neill and Taylor -LRB- played by Fred Astaire and Burgess Meredith , respectively -RRB- lying and conniving against each other for the motives of lust and greed made the entire movie disappointing . Even the one sympathetic character , Mr. Chisholm -LRB- played by Charles Butterworth -RRB- got drawn into this `` comic '' device when he decided to use his position as concert sponsor to force his unwanted musical abilities on Artie Shaw.Paulette Goddard 's character Ellen Miller did women a disservice by pretending to put her foot down when she had an opportunity to display common sense and tell the two `` friends '' she did not want to see them again , after they used her friendship to gain auditions with Shaw and then embarrassed her with their unprofessional antics onstage . Instead , she keeps letting them get her into trouble , almost causing Chisholm to return home with his sponsorship money by making him think Ellen was married to Taylor . They finally almost see the error of their ways and put their lying and conniving to good use by convincing Chisholm that their latest scam was all a misunderstanding and persuading him to recommit to the concert.Adding to the disappointment is the fact that Astaire had only two dance numbers , one with Goddard -LRB- she 's no Ginger Rogers -RRB- and a solo dance at the end of the movie.It sort of comes out okay in the end , but the idea that a woman 's love can make a bad guy turn good has resulted in many women choosing to remain in abusive and even lethal relationships . Sorry , but I do n't find this to be a very valuable theatrical device anymore . At least `` Looking for Mr. Goodbar '' did not pretend to be other than what it was.If you want to view the movie , rent a copy until one of the better DVD production companies releases a properly remastered version .
 How can I review the movie `` Second Chorus '' when I have never received it ?
 Bad . The songs are only okay , and the dances are pretty bad for Fred Astaire . Astaire later said it was the worst movie he ever made . I agree with him 100 percent .
 I usually love Fred Astaire movies eventough they are lacking the the plot area , but this one is the worst . The only memorable song is `` Would You Like to be the Love of My Life '' , the dancing is n't anything to rave about -LRB- infact there is n't much -RRB- , and the quality of the picture itself is poor . When the movie ends you sit there thinking `` what was that ? '' IF you want to see a Fred Astaire film see Top Hat or Easter Parade , but not this , it is depressingly bad .
 Why put Fred with a non-dancer and try to make her look look like a dancer ? Fred was not up to his best -- did this movie lead him to consider retirement ? It should have . Big disappointment . I love Fred , but this tests my affection.Even Fred thought it was his poorest . I agree .
 This is a low budget mystery non-thriller . On the positive side , there 's no sex or violence . Indeed , there is n't much action to speak of at all . The plots involve little more than the tedious succession of characters that , at the end , turn out to be someone else . Try reconstructing the plot after you 've seen it crash into its inevitably boring climax.The photography is wretched , with many face shots almost into the nostrils and lots of traffic scenes to pad out the required time . A little white spot appears in the upper right hand corner of the screen for several minutes at a time . I do n't blame the photographers for that , however . That would require ingenuity.The hero is barely more than a faceless bureaucrat , his sidekick might be a zombie -LRB- and how about that wig ! -RRB- , and the comic relief focuses on an office worker who does n't work much ! Music ? Was there any ? The directing is strictly on the amateur side . In short , save your money or watch Frost , Morse , and Gently over again .
 I like British minsteries , but can not recommend this series . It is long winded and slow and very crude . Do n't waste your money !
 `` The Chamber '' is a poorly written thriller thatpretends to be serious . The plot is so small , that it 's bloated to thepoint where it uses the subject of racism as nothing but the elements of entertainment . This film does n't show racism for what it is , sure it shows the KKK as criminal , secret and venomous , but those have always been it 's selling points . `` The Chamber '' would work better if it tossed away racism because it does n't make it into an issue here , only into a form of entertainment like the entertainment we get off of Rambo or a Schwarzennegger flick . How disappointing that instead of raising real thought-provoking issues , `` The Chamber '' is just boring and uninteresting . And to think that idiot John Grisham actually wants to take Oliver Stone to court over a great movie that does raise issues and serves as a satire of society
 Chris O'Donnell , Gene Hackman , Faye Dunaway star in this terrible boring movie based on John Grisham 's novel.O ` Donnell stars as idealistic young attorney Adam Hall who takes on the death row clemency case of his onetime klansman grandfather , Sam Cayhall -LRB- Hackman -RRB- . With just 28 days before the execution , Adam sets out to retrace the events leading to the crime for which Sam was convicted . As the impending death sentence looms closer , Adam works quickly to uncover the family 's history for any - hidden clues.There is a serious problem with the book and movie , the book is long and so boring and it 's sad to say a bestseller . The movie is short and a obvious bomb . Usually John Grisham books are great , thrilling suspensful fun . While John Grisham 's movies are long and good , there at least 150 minutes this one was 1 hour and 53 minutes . What happend here ? I 'll tell you a lousy novel equals a lousy movie .
 I have read the book and seen the movie and have to admit that this movie did not reach it 's full potential.This movie is about a Sam Cayhall -LRB- Hackman -RRB- , a convicted murderer of two young Jewish boys in a Ku Klux Klan bombing . Cayhall has sat inside his little cell in the MSU of the Mississippi state penitentary counting the days until that faitful day when he takes his last breath in the chamber . His grandson Adam Hall -LRB- ' o Donnell -RRB- will not stand for it . As a lawyer he has been interested in this perticular case for many years and will not give up until he wins . He fights along the side of his bitter and hateful kin , putting up with every back stabbing comment only to get this man the freedom that most people think that he does not deserve . Now at the age of 70 , he will have to fight until time runs out.I understand that sometimes people have to cut things from the movie because they feel that it is not making it any better , but this is RIDICULOUS ! While watching this movie , I felt like it was a two minute long movie . He kills , he fights , he dies . That is basically it . All of the good side plots have been cut . Being a big fan of these types of movies and books , this proved to be a major dissapointment to me . I actually feel bad for such an excellent actor like Gene Hackman to be involved in this monstrosity ! He gave an excellent performance and THAT is worth watching . Everything else is just an eyesore . JUST READ THE BOOK -LRB- it may be long , but worthwhile -RRB- ! After reading the book , I was quite surprised at how much important information was cut . Though there is some excellent talent in this film , it still falls way short of any awards . I think that anybody would be better off reading the book than watching this movie . You should definitely read the book first and maybe even -LRB- ugh -RRB- see the movie . Compare the two and help me prove my point . The only reason that I gave this movie any stars was because I was pleased with the acting , not the script !
 While John Grisham writes extremely good books in which The Chamber is one of ... this movie was just pathetic . The storyline of the book was chopped up and murdered . You dont see the changes that Gene Hackman goes through in the movie ... one minute he 's a KKK advocate and the next he 's loving minorities . I have heard from people that have n't read the book that it was a good movie , but this movie is not worth it if you have read it . With the big names in this film ... the story line should have been written to FOLLOW THE BOOK !
 About halfway through the book , `` The Chamber '' , I discovered that the movie would be airing on television . It 's pretty difficult to review a film that can barely hold your attention , steadily , for no more than half an hour . It lacks the gripping drama and suspense of the book and of other Grisham novel adaptations like `` The Firm '' and most especially `` A Time to Kill '' . With the exception of Gene Hackman as death row inmate Sam Cayhall , the casting is what most hurts this movie . Chris O'Donnell may have been the big `` it '' guy as far as young actors at the time this movie was made , but he just ca n't hack it in the role of a lawyer . Especially one who is defending his grandfather on death row . You 'd expect a lot more emotion and charisma . O'Donnell 's portrayal lacks this natural emotion and frankly , the confidence needed in general to be a convincing attorney . Lela Rochon is rarely good as anything but eye candy and since that is not her role here , she does n't fit . In the most odd and questionable casting move , football player Bo Jackson as the death row warden ? They should n't have adapted this great novel into a film , at least not at a time when the field of young actors was so scarce and undesirable.The storyline is great but in the film it is so cut down that you 're best off to just stick with the book version .
 Chris O'Donnell stars as Adam Hall , a 26 years old attorney whose father committed suicide when Adam was 10 years old because Adam 's grandfather -LRB- Gene Hackman stars as Sam Cayhall -RRB- killed Joe Lincoln and Adam 's father felt himself guilty since he had n't stopped his father and handed his father a shotgun.At the burial of Adam Hall 's father , Adam knew his grandfather was still alive but involved in a terrorist attack that two Jewish children died and Adam 's grandfather had been sentenced to die by 28 days , in the Mississippi gas chamber and to no surprise , Sam is Adam 's first client . However , Adam was told that 's a case with nil winning chance . Even so , Adam was determined to save his grandfather from death penalty but time 's running short.During the investigation , Sam revealed his KKK member 's identity to Adam and the fact that the jury is certained Sam is guilty . And thanks to the two dead children are Jewish , Sam was named as racist . Also , Sam told Adam that no matter what Adam would do , Adam could n't save Sam from execution.Adam has tried his best , found Rollie Wedge to be guilty and Adam tried to claim Sam is insane , but these did n't affect the death penaltiy to be executed and Sam died in calm without final words.Even it 's a tedious film , I 've learnt something from it - to some extent , law is not always a reliable tool of justice because evidence may give us an unfair , bad opinion of the suspects and also there 's no absolute evil .
 As a fan of Faye Dunaway , I was thrilled with her return to the Big Screen in a Big Movie . What a bust ! She was only in a couple of scenes . She did a great job , her scenes were top-notch , but the rest of the movie was sort of a bore . Her few scenes could n't salvage it either . Also , no matter how young and good she looks , she ca n't pass for Gene Hackman 's daughter . Not even for a second . They should have redone the script to make her Hackman 's sister , that would have been a little more believable . Better yet , they should have rewritten the script without Hackman to make Dunaway the prisoner on death row and made her and Hackman 's character into one female character , hers . That way , her character would have been the lead and we would have seen more of her . Plus , she could have done some gritty prison drama scenes to get her that second Oscar she rightfully deserves . Chris O'Donnell 's part should have been slashed to almost nothing , with Dunaway doing her own legal defense , representation , and investigation in the movie . Now that would have been A + . Just a thought .
 Of all the movies made from John G books this was the only one I did not like.First it was the one book John G wrote that dragged as I read itand two the screen writer changed so much stuff , it lost the things John G was trying to say.In hind sit the screen writer should have sat on the main charactors lap during the last scene
 This was one of the first movies I saw with my now-wife . She wanted to see it because she likes Chris O'Donnell , and I agreed because ... well , it 's one of those things you have to do when you start dating someone . Today I would tell her , `` No way , no Grisham movies . Go with your sister . '' At least I would think about telling her that , before I stuck my tail between my legs and said , `` Coming , dear '' . The movie is about a young lawyer -LRB- O'Donnell -RRB- who sets out to help his racist redneck murderer grandfather -LRB- Gene Hackman -RRB- escape the gas chamber . O'Donnell does this out of some sense of grandfilial duty , and I found myself thinking , wait , I 'm supposed to ROOT for this kid to get this repulsive creature off the hook ? Hackman 's character planted a bomb that killed two little Jewish kids , not the sort of crime you shrug your shoulders over and say , `` Que sera sera '' . That 's the kind of crime the dealther penalty is for.Suffice to say there are reasons why Hackman should n't be executed , but I found the whole scenario kinda flimsy . The whole movie , actually , is pretty flimsy . O'Donnell is perhaps the blandest actor working today , and here he gives as vacant a performance as I 've ever seen . He says every line with virtually no inflection , no modulation in his voice , as though he was mildly sedated -LRB- lucky guy -RRB- . O'Donnell 's boy-next-door looks -LRB- well , boring boy-next-door -RRB- do not make up for his robotic acting . When they make a biopic about Al Gore , O'Donnell gets the part . No idea what my wife sees in him.Hackman is not a boring actor , but this role leaves him few options . With long greasy gray hair and a thicket of beard , Hackman looks like a puffy Willie Nelson . His character is a mean , racist , nasty piece of work , and Hackman is certainly actor enough to pull it off . But he spends too much time yelling and screaming , and that 's all wrong . One of Hackman 's greatest strenghts is projecting menace behind a smile . When Hackman is standing next to you , that arrogant sneer on his face , whispering softly into your ear , that 's when you know you 're in big trouble . Think back to `` No Way Out '' and `` Unforgiven '' , just to give two examples . But get him screaming and waving his arms around and you 've won.Even so , O'Donnell simply can not compete with Hackman on screen . It 's like Mike Tyson taking on Richard Simmons . Maybe Hackman 's histrionics were an attempt to make up for the vaccuum created by O'Donnell . The movie has one redeeming feature , and that is the performance of Bo Jackson . Bo has the small but pivotal role of the prison guard assigned to watch over Hackman , and he 's excellent . Unlike most athletes-turned-actors he does n't overact just to show that he CAN act . He speaks quietly without coming across like an automaton like O'Donnell , yet has enough of a screen presence that he easily hangs with Hackman . I 'm not saying that Bo is ready for King Lear , but he 's a better actor than O'Donnell , and Chris never made the All-Star team AND the Pro Bowl in the same year.So why has n't Bo been in like 30 movies since then ? I got the answer awhile back when I was listening to a sports radio show with Bo as guest . He was so releaxed and happy it made you sick . When asked to describe a typcial day in retirement , Jackson said that he took his kids to school in the morning , played golf with his buddies , ate lunch with his wife , swam a bit , picked up his kids , made dinner for everyone , and then rented a movie or played games with his kids . As content as a man can be . He certainly does n't feel the need to be in boring movies with the likes of Chris O'Donnell . So in addition to pretty much everything else , Bo Knows when to call it quits .
 If you read the book like me and expect the film adaption to even come half as close to how great it was , you are in for quite a waste of your time . I watched about half of the movie and I could not go any further . I can honestly say that this has worse acting than the movie Fireproof , that everyone said was a great movie but was about as exciting as watching a dog turd dry out . Do n't waste your time . Read the book , but the money spent making this movie would have been better off spent allowing children to get their hands on crack .
 I would advise anyone who plans to read Grisham 's spell-binding book , The Chamber , to see the movie first . Then read the first rate book . The actors were all fine . Worth watching Chris O'Donnell . But , it was hard to believe how the screenwriter mangled the story . And the casting ... did they really expect anyone to believe Faye Dunaway as Adam 's aunt . Please . She could have played his grandmother , who was n't in the book but what difference does that make ? The story was so convoluted , I half expected the governor to give the -LRB- not nearly skinny enough -RRB- Gene Hackman a Stay of Execution . Not a totally bad movie ; but very disappointing .
 Acting = 3 out of 5 . Content substance 1.5 out of 5 . This is quite interesting attempt to lie on the subject.Agenda as follows :1 . -RRB- Portray reenacted characters in a way where Darwinists are humble , meek and honest truth seekers and IDers as arrogant and/or ignorant . Here 's a hint
 I wanted to learn some more facts supporting intelligent design but this film was slanted towards evolution . It did n't say why most of the expert witnesses for intelligent design did not show up to testify for court or why there was a disagreement in the intelligent design legal team . It 's funny how we need to say intelligent design and not God . BUT if people really want to see proof of a God then I would recommend visiting goodfight.org for proof of satan 's influence on music because if there 's no God then there would be no satan . And last you can internet search for Kent Hovind for some good intelligent design facts . You can get his copyright free video 's on ebay at great prices or search online to download them for free . I know Kent Hovind is in prison now for tax reasons but in the Bible disciples were in prison and even Jesus himself who was perfect and without sin was convicted and killed . And just because something is popular and widely supported like evolution does n't make it true ... just ask any 4 or 5 year old if santa exist or what happened to the flat earth that had the sun go around it . Why did we believe in santa as kids ... maybe because the people we trusted , the media , and our peers told us he was real and we believed the lie as truth .
 It 's better than a 1-star , perhaps a four , but the film did make false assertions about claims which Intelligent Design makes , such as the idea that all living systems happened abruptly -LRB- that 's not at any degree essential for ID -RRB- ; moreover , the film strayed too far from the actual court case for me to believe that it had no ulterior motives . The bias was rather blatant , but I was n't expecting a neutral discussion of the topic from NOVA , anyway . At least there are more reliable sources of information . It was fair .
 WARNING MOVIE SPOILERS!This movie was hard to follow.A forest where people go to commit suicide whose plants can speak and show humans exactly how a girl was murdered and by whom -LRB- Patrick Wong -RRB- . A forest where bodies show up 40 years after the person disappears and the bodies are as `` youthful '' as when they disappear and where a police woman sees what looks like `` space aliens '' . Mr Tin -LRB- Forest Park caretaker -RRB- says `` THEY only want to experiment on those who want to comitt suicide and leave those who are strong willed along.Mr Tin was accidentally shot by a policewoman while they and the plant man went into the forest to find the plant man 's girlfriend , May , who wants to commit suicide when her boyfriend wo n't do a TV show with her and her producer wants to fire her.While the plot was unique , the execution was weak/choppy . The ending could have been better also by having the plant guy dump his weak/pathetic May and marry the policewoman . A happier ending could have been for the alien being to return Mr. Tin 's daughter alive just as youthful as she was when she disappeared years ago . Now THAT would have been a great ending .
 Forest of Death -LRB- Danny Pang , 2007 -RRB- Danny is half of the Brothers Pang , two guys who have been at the forefront of the recent resurgence in Thai cinema on the world stage -LRB- Bangkok Dangerous , The Eye -RRB- . Danny 's brother Oxide branched out on his own relatively successfully with The Tesseract , so I guess Danny thought it was time to do his own thing as well . Danny 's results have never been as successful as Oxide 's , and Forest of Death continues this trend.Forest of Death is a pretty standard southeast Asian supernatural flick that borrows a good deal from both Il-gon Song 's 2004 flick Spider Forest and Pang 's own supernatural thrillers -LRB- most notably The Eye -RRB- , but gets some serious starpower on board . Megastar Shu Qi -LRB- The Transporter -RRB- , who 'd previously teamed up with Pang in The Eye 2 , stars as detective C. C. Ha , head of a task force assigned to look into why so many people are drawn to a particular forest , known as the Forest of Death -LRB- one of seven , we are told , in the world -RRB- , coming from thousands of miles away to commit suicide in the forest . Perhaps they 're not all suicides ? The equally gorgeous , though far more underrated , Rain Li -LRB- House of Mahjongg -RRB- , co-stars as May , a perky television hostess who becomes obsessed with the idea of doing a story on the Forest and its sole permanent denizen , a forest ranger . Meanwhile , the detective has enlisted the help of the hostess ' boyfriend , a botanist named Shu-hoi Shum -LRB- Ekin Cheng of Ab-Normal Beauty -RRB- who believes that he can really make plants talk ; this would obviously be of a great use to the detective in her investigation . The two women each occupy a storyline , and occasionally overlap , but the movie never really makes much of an effort to integrate the two , despite Shu-hoi 's presence in both.While there can be no denying that the photography here is fantastic , and the leads are certainly easy enough on the eyes , the movie never really gels as a movie ; the mystery angle is never as pronounced as it is in the films from which Pang and writer Cub Chin -LRB- who collaborated with the brothers on their previous collaborative film , Re-Cycle -RRB- drew so much of their influence , and that renders this somewhat impotent as anything other than a succession of pretty pictures . We never really get to know the characters as much as we should , which does n't help matters either . It 's not terrible , but there are certainly better Pang-related ways to spend your time . **
 This movie was quite bad the first time I saw it . Since I had to watch it for my Japanese cinema class I decided I should watch it again . On the second viewing I was still disappointed.This movie should come with a pillow.Without ruining the ending , let 's just say it came out of nowhere and left you wanting to bang your head against the wall asking yourself why ? why ? why ? why?Also , the scene of the `` Night of the forest '' earlier on in the ending of the film should have been edited more , it was a little too long and a little too inconsequential for my tastes .
 do n't you dare laugh at cc HA . she 's the baddest , most beautifullest homicide detective since angelina jolie disgraced the police force by getting knocked up by the serial killer she was investigating in `` taking lives '' . spooks of the forest , serial killers or jealous girlfriends do n't stand a chance against detective cc HA . and when the case is finally solved , you better believe HA is gon na have the last laugh !
 Gore Whore -LRB- Hugh Gallagher , 1994 -RRB- I was all set to trash this movie completely , saying it had no redeeming qualities whatsoever . Then I got about thirty-four minutes in , and we got to the zombie with the plaid leisure suit and paisley ascot . And there is no way I can say a movie that contains a zombie with a plaid leisure suit and a paisley ascot has no redeeming qualities . Because , after all , it has a zombie with a plaid leisure suit and a paisley ascot . That said , there 's not much worthwhile about the rest of the movie.The story
 Much as I hate to give a bad rating , this movie is the worst in the entire Godzilla series -LRB- including the stupid American one -RRB- ... I mean , Godzilla shakes hands with a robot like `` Thanks for the help , bud ! `` And Seatopia ??? Name must 've been made up by Tanaka 's 3 year old grandson ! That American actor from Dagora in a tunic ? Saving on costumes ? Looks like a bedsheet ! ... . And why on earth is that guy running ALL the time!Must be looking for a decaf coffee shop!All that said , it 's part of the collection so I will get it ... I hope they do a better job will the dvd values than on Destroy All Monsters .
 If you are a die hard ` zilla fan who enjoys campiness in monster movies -LRB- like me -RRB- , you 'll enjoy this . I would 've liked to have given it higher than 2 stars but I 'm sure most people will hate it . Gigan keeps this film together . Without him , one of my favorite monsters , the movie would have done even worse . The recycled footage from Godzilla vs. Gigan and Destroy All Monsters -LRB- a must have -RRB- will annoy some . Basically , if you are a collector of sci-fi and monster movies you will get this movie no matter how bad you know it is , but if you are just delving into Godzilla , I recomend Destroy All Monsters , Terror of Mechagodzilla , or the original Godzilla
 Whats wrong with this movie : Everything.The Gigan Suit is faded , there is loads of stock footage , Godzilla is a dang super hero , the robot Jet Jaguar is an Ultraman wannabe , and its just horrible !
 Regarded by many as the absolute worst entry in the Godzilla series , this film is pure cheese from start to finish . Of the `` so terrible , it 's great '' variety , Godzilla and a goofy-looking robot called Jet Jaguar battle Megalon and Gigan -LRB- of `` Godzilla On Monster Island '' fame -RRB- . The movie borrows most of its battle footage from `` Monster Island '' and other older Godzilla flicks and the big `` G '' is thrown in his corniest-looking costume yet . Absolutely pitful in an entertaining way .
 I rented this movie , despite all the negative reviews , thinking that the return of the magnificent monster Gigan might save the film.I was wrong.Again , wow .
 I 'll give one thing positive about Godzilla Vs Megalon
 If your plan in viewing this movie is for the purpose of pure entertainment , instead of derisive laughter , ignore these reviews . I hope you enjoy this movie . Otherwise , you should read my review.This movie was marketed for children at the time that Godzilla 's momentum in Japan was moving steadily towards its record low . Being marketed for children , it has a flimsy story , stock footage , few buildings , gratuitous pyrotechnics , and costumes ideal for television -LRB- Ultraman , Power Rangers -RRB- . It has enough action and requires just enough brain power to entertain small children.In the United States , when people say how fake the entire godzilla series is , the definition of godzilla series is this movie and maybe some of its immediate antecedents . Obviously , if they have written off the series as juvenile and commercial , the only reason they would watch one of the movies is if it has plenty of action and requires little brain power , thus not depriving them of the chance to make fun of it .
 Looks like this has gone from a pushed back release date ... to no release date ... and nobody here or on the web seems to have any idea if this is even coming out . Dissapointing to say the least .
 This movie was obviously colorized by pre-schoolers . Throughout the movie you see near endless checkered patterning all over things where it was apparently only half-colorized . Many scenes are covered with this checkered patterning . Whoever colorized this movie even colored -LRB- actually half-colored -RRB- `` outside the lines '' just like a pre-schooler does in coloring books . There are even scenes which no attempt was even made to colorize so the movie goes back and forth from half-colorized to black-and-white scenes . I am absolutely dissatisfied with this .
 How art the mighty have fallen.From stomping on those puny Japanese humans to becoming Teddy Bear Christ for all mankind , thus being the biggest laughing stock in the science-fiction monster genre.If `` Godzilla
 I can not review a product I never received . This has n't been released due to a problem in the production of the bluray disc . Toho balked at the extras that were to be included so the release is on hold . There is no release date for this item .
 I 'm seriously thinking of demanding compensation for the hour-and-a-half of my life I wasted watching this bullpatt of a film.Aliens are attempting to invade earth -LRB- there 's a novelty -RRB- and are employing the use of giant monsters -LRB- there 's an even bigger novelty -RRB- . So it 's up to Godzilla to have a fight with them and save the day -LRB- when it comes to novelty value this film is the business -RRB- . Assisting Mr G is the most uninspiring , pathetic and stupid-looking monster ever to foul a monster movie series . It goes by the name of Jet Jaguar and if jaguars could sue for character defamation then they would do so , believe you me.The costumes look ragged and worn , the sets are shabby and the whole thing is about as exciting as a video on the history of chair-repairing . The original creators of Godzilla were no longer involved by the time this film was made , and it shows - the energy and imagination has gone from the series .
 This G flick was very bad next to godzilla vs Gigan.First offA giant Roach appears underground from septorians or whatever there called and started recking hell.You got Jet Jaguar anultraman reject very bad idea that fights the roach also.You got Gigan appearing out of no where and fighting both jet idiot and godzilla and duo to the finish.Basically this Godzilla movie sucks comparing to the others.Not to be harsh on this movie butits not good at all .
 So the new Godzilla film had no plot , eh ? Are you telling me this waste of time is what 's meant by a plot ? It 's all just another aliens V humans and alien monsters V earth monsters . Gigan is still as uninspiring as ever , Jet Jaguar is the most dire monster ever in a Godzilla film and would be more at home in some execremental cartoon . Ghidorah seems to have been thrown in , just to keep the viewer 's interest in this film , but his costume is showing its age . Half of this film just seems to be made up of stock footage from older Godzilla outings.An utter waste of time . I suppose this is what happens to every series when it runs out of steam . The producers aim it at their only remaining hope for an audience - undemanding kids . But to be honest even they 'll be bored by this one .
 This movie is incredibly daffy . Godzilla teams up with robot Jet Jaguar to defeat Megalon and Gigan in the silliest battle yet caught on film .
 I though Godzilla 's Revenge was bad but this is pathiatic . This stinks . The only time that you see Godzilla is when the big fight comes and I could n't say the big fight was really a fight I meen I 've seen a lot better ones
 This movie is quite bad . Incredebly brain numbing bad !! Okay , Okay , I do n`t think it ` s quite that bad but it still is n`t that good . I do n`t find the plot intresting at all and Jet Jaguar is an idiot !!! Plus in the end , Gigan flys away instead of dying . Godzilla also looks like a machine . I also really hate on how Jet Jaguar and Godzilla are friends . I mean , they ` re always handshaking and doing stuff like that . I would rate this movie a one except for Godzilla ` s dropkick scene that ` s 100 % Godzilla stlye . Otherwise , this movie stinks .
 `` Godzilla vs. Megalon '' is contender for worst Godzilla film of all time , saved from infamy by an interesting plot and fanciful monster designs . `` Godzilla '' 98 drops from the coveted `` 2nd worst Godzilla film ever '' spot with this cinematic gem . Everything that needs to go right for `` Godzilla vs. Megalon '' ; the drama , the effects , the plot developments misfires . The music ... , the characters are flat , the effects are a pastiche of 2 earlier films ' effects sequences combined with some `` Ultra 7 '' style fight sequences . It 's a good thing that `` Godzilla vs. Megalon '' is n't the only Godzilla film Americans can watch , otherwise there would be no Godzilla fans in the U.S.Maybe this film is redeemed just a little in the original Japanese version , but seeing as the Japanese version is only a minute longer , I get the feeling the US distributors have kept as much of the film intact as possible so the viewer can scrape together some good feeling towards this film . Aside from saying that you have watched every Godzilla film ever made , there is little value in seeing this film .
 It 's quite unbelievable and frankly downright infuriating that potentially excellent films such as Rodan , the sixties Ghidrah and the original Godzilla film have never been released on video in the UK , and yet rubbish like this is staring out from every ` sf/fantasy ' shelf in every video shop around.The plot , which to be honest is n't even up to the standard of the one in that wretched 1998 film , involves a race of aliens who are attempting to take over the earth with the help of their alien monsters . Well there 's original.Once more Godzilla is called into action , along with Jet Jaguar , who has the dubious honour of being the most pathetic , uninspiring , yawnsome creation I 've ever come across in a monster movie . The effects are pretty feeble , the fighting is nothing new or exciting and it all becomes very tedious.No wonder some people hate suitmation films if they can only judge them by watching trash like this .
 The low point of the series , when Toho had apparently decided that the only audience for G-films were not-too-particular 8-year olds . I was unlucky enough to actually see this film on the big screen as a kid back in the late 70 's , and it 's haunted me like a bad dream ever since.As a ` zilla fan it 's hard to choose the most painful aspect . The cheezy Jet Jaguar character ? The annoying child co-star ? The painful dubbing ? The hairy middle-aged Seatopian leader ? Or was it the laughable tag team wrestling style monster battle ? There 's just so much to rag on here!Not wanting to end on a downer , I will say that Megalon and Gigan were at least interesting looking creature designs , it 's just a shame they were wasted on a film like this ! Recommended only for collectors , or if you have access to a copy of the Mystery Science Theater 3000 version .
 This movie was simply bad . First of all , they used a lot of scenes from other movies and second of all , it was cheaply made . This movie and the smog monster has to be considered the worst Godzilla flicks of all . I would have to say that kids would probably like this movie , though .
 The offices of the makers of the Godzilla films , and one of the employees comes running in . `` Sir , sir ! If we make just one more film by the end of this month we 'll all receive a complimentary medal and tea-pot '' . The boss
 A waste of time.This is the only Godzilla movie that makes totally no sense and has meaining in the Godzilla series , unlike Godzilla 's Revenge -LRB- which did n't matter to the series -RRB- . Jet-Jaguar can be both human size and the size of Godzilla.How does he do that?Megalon is the sorriest monster I 've ever seen and those people from Seatopia are just plain dumb!They 're so advanced but just ca n't build nukes or any other sensible weapon to destroy Earth!Even Gigan , one of the coolest monsters , ca n't save this movie.Godzilla did n't exactly look himself either.Maybe they were both sick from looking at the script!Also , there is no plot.Nothing!Usually the British do n't know good movies -LRB- like saying Godzilla vs. Gigan is trash ! -RRB- but they 're right in this instance.This is a horrible movie !
 This movie is an improvment from Godzilla vs. Gigan . At least the monster do not talk . They shake hands . Godzilla and the robot shake handssssss . This is good for little kids . Godzilla acts bad in this movie . It has no reason why someone would not buy this . This can give an old man nightmares , that is how bad the movie is . The dubbing is extremelyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy good , I MEAN BAD , sorry .
 With this movie , the Godzilla series hits bottom . The monsters in this movie are the worst ever . The model work that is n't stock footage is laughable . The battle choreography is unimaginative . The plot is awful . The script is even worse . The characters have about as much depth as the screen their shown on . Adding more insult and injury to a movie already brimming with both , Godzilla looks like something out of Sesame Street ! It 's not quite as tedious and stock-footage driven as Godzilla 's Revenge , but it 's a lot worse in all other respects . The campy humour may keep some engaged for the first few minutes , but by the end , the only way to maintain sanity is pondering how to murder Jun Fukuda .
 A permanent resident of the place known as Rock Bottom , Megalon is an offense to the name of Godzilla . This Frankenstein monster of a movie was pasted together using scenes from several better films . Too bad someone forgot the brain . With a Mad Libs script , and new spfx scenes that will make your eyes roll out of your head , this film does n't even pretend to be entertaining . Pouring a 10-gallon drum of salt onto an already infected wound is a score that was most likely used by the government to get enemy spies to confess . Absolutely , undeniably one of the worst movies ever made !
 I 'm not going to devote more than a few lines to this most laughable of ANY of the Godzilla series . Two words
 < strong > Godzilla vs. Megalon < / strong > -LRB- Jan Fukuda , 1973 -RRB- If I recall correctly , < em > Godzilla vs. Megalon < / em > was the second movie I ever saw in a theater . -LRB- Oddly , I am utterly convinced that we originally went to the theater to see < em > Gray Lady Down < / em > , but that 's impossible if IMDB is right about that movie 's 1978 release date ; the theater in which we saw them was in a sinkhole by that time . -RRB- It was n't released in America until 1976 , by which time I was a dedicated monster movie fan thanks to the good old Saturday afternoon creature feature on CBS and the Chilly Billy show , which I think ran on NBC late-night Fridays -LRB- Chilly Billy , for those of you unfamiliar with Pittsburgh lore , was Bill Cardille , who played a reporter in the original < em > Night of the Living Dead < / em > , but I did n't know that for another five or six years -RRB- . And I 'd been a rabid fan of all media Japanese since Ultraman hit American shores . So this Godzilla business ? Monster movies from Japan ? Sign me up , baby ! Now , as I mentioned , my memory here may be failing me , but I swear we actually went to see < em > Gray Lady Down < / em > . Some of the kids were restive , so we -LRB- a -RRB- switched theaters to see < em > Godzilla vs. Megalon < / em > instead and -LRB- b -RRB- since we 'd missed the opening fifteen minutes or so of the movie , were allowed by the theater staff to hang around for the next screening without paying extra . Man , the things you could do in a movie theater in 1976 ! In any case , I was overjoyed by it , as I would expect any eight-year-old would be . I had n't seen the movie again since , so I sat down to revisit it in 2011 , thirty-five years after my first experience -LRB- coincidentally , on another blazing-hot summer day -RRB- . To say the movie has n't aged well would be ... overly kind.Plot
 This is being written by one of the most hard-core devoted Limp Bizkit fans on the planet so you know it must be bad !! Anyone that 's ever seen a Limp show knows the energy in the arena or event , it 's hard to capture that on a DVD I guess . I can certainly understand and see past that , what I ca n't understand is how the audio could be SO bad ? Fred will sing and you see his lips move to the words but you do n't actually hear the words for a good 2-3 seconds !!! It is very annoying to the point that I could n't finish watching it.I 'm keeping my fingers crossed for the old style Limp Bizkit -LRB- without Wes , who cares -RRB- to come back and give us a new album and maybe a good concert DVD ... We are waiting FRED !!!
 The only way to enjoy this film is if you have n't read the wonderful books by Mary Norton . The characters share the size , but few of the memorable traits of Pod , Homily , and Arrietty , the wonderful family that lives under the kitchen . This adaptation is more of a cross between MOUSE HUNT , HONEY I SHRUNK THE KIDS , and HOME ALONE than anything in THE BORROWERS books . I was very disappointed , and could not get involved in the story . For little kids only , although you should really read them the books and skip the film .
 I had read The Borrowers in a magazine installment with my Great Grandmother . Then , I could hardly wait for the next month 's magazine installment to arrive . I then reread the books with my daughter -LSB- who is now 32 years old -RSB- when she was about 12 years old . We wanted to share this DVD of The Borrowers with her son , my 4 year old grandson . That is why I purchased this item . We FORCED ourselves to watch almost half of the DVD , and then we all said , `` Yes , let 's shut it off . '' And we have n't watched any more of it . This new version is very contrived , with not much connection to the original story ! I would like to perhaps buy a copy of the old original version sometime , but this version has soured me for a while on The Borrowers .
 If you 've read the books , as I did -LRB- have you read them recently ? -RRB- this film will disappoint you . It starts out all right , filmed in an amber glow , in a house full of mid-century appliances and kitch , and great sets of life on a miniature scale lived between the walls and out of sight . Then , just as you are settling in , Hollywood rips out the rug , throws out the book , and reverts to a standard action plot
 The movie is very loosely based upon a book by Mary Norton about the Clock family , small people -LRB- about six inches tall -RRB- who live underneath the floorboards of a house , surviving by borrowing things from humans `` beans '' . When they are discovered , they are forced to move.I was very disappointed with this movie . The only way to enjoy this film is if you have n't read the books . The acting was good , if over the top , but that was the kind of acting needed in a film like this , which seemed to be a combination of `` Home Alone '' and `` Mouse Hunt '' . But the direction was very odd . The movie seemed to be set in the 1950 's , yet characters in the movie used a remote for the -LRB- black and white -RRB- TV and a cellular phone . The costuming was also odd . Yes , they had to make do with what they could `` borrow '' to make clothes , but their outfits , and the really odd hairdos , made them look like creatures from another planet . Also , have the cast was British and half was American , which added to the confusion about what world the movie was set in.On the other hand , the special effects were quite good . The best part of the DVD is the sequence that shows how the special effects were done . It was very interesting , but it used too many clips from the movie and not enough clips of how they did the special affects . There are also interviews with the cast , with the exception of John Goodman.Little kids will like this movie , but adults should stay away .
 I was very disappointed while watching this movie . This movie is not at all like the Borrowers written by Mary Norton . They took a classic and chopped it up . The writer of this movie could not have read the original books . Tne BBC 's version of the movie is much , much , much better .
 This movie is a copy ! Made in Mexico ! Spanish is the only language selection that works - even though the main menu also offers English and French as well . The CD label and CD case label are all copies ! This is a FALSE ADVERTISING item ! I have purchased two of these hoping to buy the movie from a different seller . Nope . It 's the same seller !!!
 I read the book `` The Borrowers '' as a young girl and was delighted to find this movie . But this movie scared me big time , it freeked me out even more than the Harry Potter movies ! it was scarier and creapier.It is not a bit like the wonderful book by Mary Norton , -LRB- with the exeption of the title and the Borrower 's names -RRB- and was also a BIG disapintment . The charitors are lame , and so is the storyline . The book was funny and great , and even appriate for 2 year olds , But this movie is nothing but SAD , SCARY , AND DISAPINTING , not appopiate for children .
 I really liked this movie . I thought it was very funny . It also had 2 cast members who where later in the 2nd Harry Potter movie . Tom Felton -LRB- a very young Tom -RRB- and the guy who played Mr. Weasley . He was the exterminator . There was one part that I thought was falling down funny . I wo n't say what it was but it had to do with Tom Felton . He must have been about 7 or 8 years old in this movie . His name was Peagreen Clock .
 I throught this would of been an awesome movie turned out to be one of the worst movies ever Dmx did n't do much and to be honest i just wanted to turn the film off . C'mon guys get your stuff together and get back to making real action films
 I really like Kris Kristofferson but he was old , fat and slow and all the actoring was bad . The lines sounded trite and sounded as if they were being read . It hurts me not to give Kris 5 stars but as policemen they were so over the top it seemed like a high school play . The black cop who also is normally great shot and killed everyone he met with no punity . The dark photography helped the movie since it hid the poor photography . SORRY
 You 'd think by reading what this movie is about that you 're getting an action packed movie . But you are n't !!! The acting is awful , the quality of the recording is badly done and the way they directed the film leaves you wondering `` Wait , did I miss something '' !!!!???? How ???? What ??? Anyway you get the point . = -RRB-
 This movie has nothing to offer - it 's not funny , not entertaining and not action packed . The only reason to watch it would be to see the three lead women nude - they are n't even topless !!! The idiot director , writer producer who made this pile of garbage needs to have his head examined - it 's against the laws of nature and man to have three nice looking women and not have them take their clothes off . The movie is a complete waste of time - do not watch it .
 If you like watching young women beat the crap out of men for being rude -LRB- ! -RRB- you might enjoy this . Otherwise , there 's no real point in watching this . Do n't expect any big laughs or any exciting moments . The sound is badly synchronised with the actors ' lip movements . I do n't know if this is supposed to be funny , like a parody of dubbed ninja movies from Asia.It would be fun to see such a film with reversed gender roles some time . Three young men assaulting middle-aged women for not showing them proper respect . Not because I enjoy watching women getting beat up , but to see the reaction from society . For some reason , women 's violence against men is more hilarious than vice versa . Often , like here , it 's even justified.I almost forgot . Are you thinking of buying this movie because the three gorgeous girls work part-time as strippers ? Do n't . They 're not even topless .
 Not much of a movie at all . I only purchased it to see Michael Pare ' and he is wonderful in it.Too bad the movies is n't . .
 This movie was awful . I was hoping it would be so much better than it was . With a name like `` Ninja Cheerleaders '' I was thinking it would be a homerun . Also to add to my heartache and dismay , these girls were also strippers . So they were ninjas , cheerleaders and strippers ... and the movie still sucked.First things first , a pet peeve of mine is when strippers in movies never get naked . It sort of defeats the purpose . Sorry , my macho inner child is coming out . I could forgive this if they cheered more or were ninjas more . Nope we the viewers do not get that either . Instead we are given some lame subplot about how these girls need to save money so they can all go to the same college together . And the conflicts of these girls personalities play out like a bad soap opera . And when we actually do see some fighting , it is lackluster.Now there is some good news , yet it is tainted with bad news . George Takei and Michael Par&eacute; are both in this flick but are sadly underused . I believe giving them bigger roles and/or more purpose it could have elevated this film . At the end of the day , this movie tries awfully hard to be a cult classic and it is just ... sucks .
 Going by the title , I decided to watch this flick thinking it would be good for a laugh . The only shot I saw that did make me laugh was the first shot of the gigantic shark 's fin as it passed the ship . It was n't well rendered which made it more laughable . I 'm amazed that someone thought this film was good enough to produce and feed to the public . The lead actor was terrible , way too hyped up and over-the-top , like maybe he 'd consumed a dozen Red Bull drinks all at once . The CG effects were 2nd or 3rd rate at best . After the first 15 or so minutes of viewing , I started skipping ahead until I arrived at the end sequence , for the final battle between the shark and croc . If you want to watch a really bad B or maybe C film , this is a good example .
 What can you expect from a film called `` Mega-Shark Vs. Crocosaurus '' -LRB- 2010 -RRB- ? How about some measure of entertainment ? After all , 2000 's `` Octopus '' was surprisingly good , and `` Crocodile '' was very entertaining . Do n't get your hopes up with this one.The title tells you everything you need to know about the plot.The CGI effects are laughable . Grade B films of the 70s-80s look realistic by comparison . The story is barely interesting.On the positive side , they assembled a good cast , led by the always-likable Jaleel White -LRB- aka Urkel -RRB- , Gary Stretch , Sarah Lieving and the guy who played The Doctor onStar Trek Voyager
 Disclaimer
 `` Mega Shark . vs. Crocosaurus '' is yet another aquatic nightmare starring people you vaguely remember from the semi-distant past . This one is a buffet of bad accents , bad acting , terrible special effects , and howlingly poor dialogue . I 'm certain you 're surprised . Among the chief problems is the lack of a thespian of Debbie Gibson 's or Lorenzo Lamas ' stature , settling instead for Jaleel White . If you 're wondering where you know that name from , he is of course the most remembered star of `` Family Matters '' where he played Steve Urkel . Now imagine Urkel is all grown up and is a naval officer knowledgeable about destroying giant underwater creatures . My favorite thing about this casting lunacy is White 's seeming inability to consistently call his underwater apparatus either `` hydrosonic spheres '' or `` hydroponic spheres . '' -LRB- At least that 's the way I heard it . -RRB- These same spheres also are central to some exceedingly well-crafted dialogue such as `` I suggest you bring your hydrosonic balls with you ... '' -LRB- Groan . -RRB- This is probably the worst of the giant ocean creatures series , although it has several moments of levity . I was particularly amused when they created an `` arc flash '' of electricity using the Turkey Point Nuclear Power Plant , but nothing prepared me for the horror of the Orange Bowl being brutally attacked or the crocosaurus laying eggs all over the place . -LRB- They are highly realistic ; to me they looked like Pee-Wee Herman 's rubber band ball . -RRB- The decision is made to lure both creatures to the Panama Canal and entrap them , though the plan is constantly akimbo and they end up in Hawaii luring them into a volcano and making it explode via the help of an epic battle and an ingested nuclear submarine . Throughout the picture annoying Agent Hutchinson -LRB- Sarah Lieving -RRB- is unlikable to the point you wish she 'd get eaten first . In the end though , she is the pilot of the helicopter taking the cast to their rendezvous with fate . Despite having the helicopter crash in the water , she -LRB- somehow , while offscreen -RRB- repairs the chopper to rescue our heroes.Most sane people who watch a movie like this expect it to be bad in a comic-relief kind of way . There is some of that , but it 's mostly just eye-rolling drudgery . It does have extras such as a `` making of '' feature and bloopers , and they were more entertaining than the film itself by a wide margin . -LRB- Note
 As a disclaimer , I purchased this DVD because it looked like it could be horrible -- possibly resulting in over an hour of fun for late-night viewing . You never know when you might find another `` Attack of the Killer Tomatoes - 25th Anniversary Edition '' or another terrible monster movie like `` Cloverfield '' that has you shaking your head in disgust right before you call your friends over to watch it again -LRB- you know ... the joy of pointing out flaws and absurdities -RRB- . Well , I can now say after watching `` Mega Shark vs Crocosaurus '' that I have a new `` worst movie ever watched '' winner . This one takes film-making to whole new lows . Unlike the above-mentioned Killer Tomatoes , this one seems to want to be taken seriously , and unlike Cloverfield , the special effects do nothing to soup-up the badness.The opening scenes where our monsters are introduced feature some guys supposedly mining in what looks like a hole in the dirt , and out pops Crocosaurus to smash them . Then you have a horribly acted scientist on a military ship that looks at a computer screen running Windows Media Player visualizations and declares that the giant shark `` is back ! '' Nobody believes him until Mega Shark jumps over their ship , swats it with his mega tail a couple times , creating digital explosions worthy of Crayola , and sinks the vessel . Our hero -LRB- like the Croc expert later in the movie -RRB- is the survivor of the destroyed ship , but somehow finds himself back on land after being stranded in the ocean -- we are to assume that these guys are VERY good swimmers.And thus begins the tale of two monsters , including a large crocodile that somehow loves to swim around in the ocean , who are really pissed at each other because when they are n't busy destroying stuff , the croc magically manages to lay thousands of eggs in the oceans of the world . Yes , within a day , they 've traveled from Africa to Miami , and Panama , and Hawaii nipping at each others ' tales while a crack team of idiot humans manages to follow them half-way around the world in a helicopter.Hmm , the dialogue ... it 's pretty horrible . `` They 've destroyed Panama ! '' The worst is the female special agent who runs around in a business suit threatening people in the beginning , ending every line she speaks with `` dammit '' for extra intensity . Later , she sheds her suit jacket on the beach so that she can march into a cave with a flashlight and pistol whilst looking for huge eggs . She abandons the jacket there so that she can spend the rest of the movie in her spaghetti-strap tank-top because they did n't want to waste such a fine figure by having her in a suit the whole time . Plus , we have to love a woman who lives through crashing her helicopter on the beach -LRB- which causes the above-mentioned scientist to cry like a child because he ca n't remember that this agent is n't his dead fiance -RRB- , then magically comes back in the same helicopter for the closing scene to declare something like , `` we did it , dammit '' . Special effects ? Wow . I do n't know what to say . The monsters seem to change their dimensions a lot , depending on where they are . The shark manages to swallow and entire submarine in one shot . And though the croc in some places is supposed to be just as large as the shark , still manages to hide in a small pond where a lady manages to step on its snout without noticing until it raises its huge head . The computer generated splashes and explosions are horrible , the tanks and airplanes look like their were made by Hot Wheels and we have a terrible scene where a nuclear power plant shoots out lighting bolts to scare away the croc who is storming Miami many miles away . Basically , the best special effects associated with this movie are on the DVD cover art.We all expect to take a leap of faith and put reality aside when watching stuff like this , but when your intelligence is insulted to this degree at a nonstop pace , all while the folks in the movie hold straight faces and there are no obvious attempts at humor , it 's hard to take . Sure , you can laugh when our two male leads are dropped off on a beach yelling , `` We 've got to end this ! '' then run around in slow motion holding guns -LRB- though there is nothing they could possibly do there , and tanks have n't taken out these creatures , so what can they do with a gun ? -RRB- , or you can laugh at the stock footage we see several times of fighter jets firing missiles that manage to pepper every building on land , but never hit a shark the side of a battleship , or you can laugh at the brilliant conclusion to lure the beasts to an underwater volcano so our scientist can pull out his detonator and make the volcano explode -LRB- do n't most marine biologists carry around volcano detonators ? -RRB- ... but in the end , you ca n't help but ask yourself the question , `` why did I watch this ???? ''
 My 8-yr . old son rented this DVD , with my -LRB- unwitting -RRB- wife 's permission . We watched it to the bitter end -LRB- I did n't want to crush my son 's feelings -RRB- . This was the single-most awful movie-watching experience I have ever had ; I had to bite my lip to keep from constantly laughing.The script , the special effects , the action , the acting , the dialogue -LRB- I could go on -RRB- were about as bottom-of-the-barrel as you can get.Watching this movie made me think back on other movies that I thought were crap ; this movie makes one realize how bad `` bad '' can really be.If more than 50,000 was spent making this movie I 'd be in shock.The characters went from Africa to Miami , then Orlando , then Aruba , Hawaii , etc. as if they were hop-scotching on sidewalk sections -LRB- do the directors understand the concept of geography -RRB- . If you 're thinking of buying this turd , you have my sympathies
 Live action and cartoon ... well , it worked for Roger Rabbit ! In this case , however , the cartoons are just too big and too silly to gain even a respectable level of amusement . Much as I enjoy giant creatures rampaging and swimming amuck , in this case not even a bare requirement of chuckles was provided -LRB- though plenty of lunacy was ! -RRB- . It 's amazing that the entire cast managed to play their scenes with straight faces . For that alone they deserve some credit . It 's not a feat I could muster without constantly cracking up . All that forced urgency , the heightened sense of impending DOOM , the scowling , the grim determined need for duty , honor , and country ! MMMM-yeah . Having never watched the first film , and after this I wo n't bother , all I can say about this sequel , on its own merits ... I watched it unflinchingly -LRB- much as you would any train wreck -RRB- . You ca n't make sense of movies like this ; they belong in a category without distinction
 `` Mega Shark versus Crocosaurus '' was a disappointment . I enjoy cheesy movies , bad movies , but not boring movies . This movie did not fulfill any of its potential . -LRB- 1 -RRB- Characters - Too many characters , not enough script . This movie had three major characters . Or was it four ? Crocodile Dundee , Navy Tech , Navy Captain , and Special Agent Woman . No significant screen time or development was given to any of the characters . Only Jaleel White showed any range in acting . This script needed more dialogue , more interaction , more anything . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Monsters - I buy the DVD to see monsters , and the Mega Shark is mostly fin ? The Crocosaurus is , well , a huge crocodile . And both are mostly blips on the radar screen . Yawn ... -LRB- 3 -RRB- Suspense - Absolutely none . The main characters were never in any danger . I never cared what destruction the fin and the crocodile 's feet waged upon the world . No twists , no surprises , nothing unusual . Again ... yawn.Two stars for having amusing moments , some slightly interesting characters .
 Imagine a world where Steve Urkel gained a lot of weight and became a Navy Lieutenant . Imagine a world where gigantic fish that dwarf ultralarge-category container ships are able to defy physics and flip like dolphins many hundreds of feet into the air . Imagine a world where buxom magazine models are helicopter piloting Secret Service agents who speak bad Portuguese and condemn the acts of prehistoric animals as threats to `` National Security . '' If you can get a grasp on all that , you 'll start to get a vague idea of the amount of disbelief one has to suspend in order to follow this rather bizarre sequel to Mega Shark vs Giant Octopus.Some of the movie 's highlights include the worst attempt at an Australian accent I 've ever heard , a wonderful scene where one of the heroes puts a giant gun to a tiny child 's head , and all the improbably cute girls playing serious military types . Look , I 'm no stranger to bad movies , I know the score . I did n't go into this movie expecting anything resembling reality . All this stuff is just fine with me.Unfortunately , there just is n't much to recommend this one on . Mega Shark vs Crocosaurus is seriously lacking in the fun department . Everything is played too straight for it 's own good . The plot is mush , the acting is terrible across the board , and the monsters are beyond absurd . To his credit , Jaleel White is clearly the actor who tried the hardest with his performance , but even then it 's kinda bad . Who thought they were making a real film here?The action tries to carry the movie , but even the explosions and giant creatures fail to generate much interest . This picture offers the quality of effects you 'd expect from The Asylum , mostly Freshman level `` Intro To CG 101 '' style rendering carelessly layered over real footage . Of course , the audience does n't expect realism from a film like this , but that 's no excuse not to try . The titular monsters seem to undergo bizarre size transformations , shrinking and growing depending on what the scene asks of them , and even things like passing birds and images of footprints are cartoony and obvious with their soft , hazy textures . Oddly enough the cinematography is pretty good , the scenes and actors are lit and filmed in an almost professional manner . They must have some pricey cameras down there at the Asylum studios.The laughs are what I 'm missing . Unlike Alien 3000 or Asylum 's `` mock-buster '' Mega Piranha , there just is n't anything overtly funny about MSVC . The only humor I found was in the inanity of some of the characters and writing . Ultimately , despite the size of the movie 's stars , the scope of the premise and the best efforts of Mr. Jaleel `` Do n't call me Steve '' White , Megashark vs Crocosaurus is pretty forgettable.Anyway , where was Lorenzo Freaking Lamas ?
 No level of low budget can be used as excused for such a blatantly mean enterprise . Everybopdy involved in this novelty should be sued , hehe , so atrociously bad it is , . Not `` so bad it 's good '' . No , just bad , kind of `` worst movie of all time `` bad.It 's terribly edited , terribly acted . Let 's not even talk about the `` un '' special effects '' . And there are people who say this is good , because you get what you expect . No . It 's simply a mean spirited movie .
 The two best things about `` Godzilla vs. Gigan '' is that it 's better than `` Hedorah '' and it features one of the most interesting and menacing-looking foes in the entire Godzilla series . A bird-like cyborg with a buzz saw for a chest , sharp hooks for hands and a menacing red eye and metallic beak on the face , Gigan is the main reason why this movie is nowhere near as bad as `` Hedorah '' and `` Final Wars '' . The worst thing about `` Godzilla vs. Gigan '' ? Everything else . Here , it 's the budget more than the creativity that ruins the movie . Simply put , everything looks cheap . King Ghidorah , who also appears in this movie , is such a shadow of its former self that it looks less like a terrifying dragon and more of a flea-bitten Halloween costume -LRB- In contrast , `` Gigan '' looks great -RRB- . There 's a scene after Godzilla destroys the Godzilla tower where the Big-G is taunting Gigan and you can clearly see the costume falling apart . And then there 's the stock footage
 This movie could have been great if it had a bigger budget . I did think Gigan was a cool newcomer to the franchise . The reason I do n't like it is because of the stock footage , Japanese Scooby doo gang complete with a shaggy utilizing a corn on the cob weapon and the monsters suits , sans Gigan , being old and worn out . They used the Godzilla cookie monster suit for this one . Yes the monsters have anthropomorphic traits such as talking and teasing each other . Only get this if you want to complete a collection . Too bad because with a bigger budget this could have been a great movie .
 This film contains so much stock footage from other films that it 's almost a greatest hits package of Japanese sci-fi action . Even the music is recycled . The film has its charms , to be sure , but one ca n't escape the feeling that the filmmakers were just going through the motions at this point in the series . The silliness is kicked up a notch when Godzilla & Angilas `` talk '' to each other -LRB- though , to be fair , there was a conversation between monsters in the classicGhidorah
 This is the WORST GODZILLA MOVIE EVER !!! It is a cheap , low budget film that is an embaresment to watch . I Only had to watch it once to figure it belongs in the cutting room . I also recommend to stay away from Godzilla 's Revenge and Godzilla VS.Megalon . I hope for everyone 's sake , you 'll stay away from these SO CALLED MOVIES !!!
 There 's a fine line between entertainingly campy , and flat out sucky and unwatchable . Some give this film a lot of latitude and say it ai n't that bad . I respectfully must disagree . In the huge -LRB- kidding -RRB- controversy over the all time worst G flick , this is my pick . Bad , bad , falling apart G costume . Terrible direction and cinematography - looks more like one of those chinese kung fu flicks from a production value stand point . Ifukube 's the best , but even that 's tired in this film for some reason . Is it that the score outclasses the movie too much despite being stock?The monsters `` converse '' ugggh ! Throws sneaker at TV . Wait , look , there 's Mobil Oil blowing up again ! That goes back 10 years . Why did they use Mobil Oil over and over instead of something a little less conspicious?I remember when this came on UHF TV as a kid . Kewl ! A never before seen , brand spankin ' new , G-flick . Huh ? What 's this crap ? I think I actually started channel surfing . Never did that before . Not even during Godzilla 's revenge . This one does n't improve with age . It 's a shame Gigan 's a pretty kewl monster . Might have been a good adversary in the 60 's when they gave the filmmakers a fighting chance via a reasonable budget .
 Its me , DC . This is the WORST GODZILLA MOVIE EVER !!! It is a cheap , low budget film that is an embaresment to watch . I Only had to watch it once to figure it belongs in the cutting room . I also recommend to stay away from Godzilla 's Revenge and Godzilla VS.Megalon . I hope for everyone 's sake , you 'll stay away from these SO CALLED MOVIES !!!
 A cartoonist and his friends discover that a Godzilla-related theme park is actually a front for space aliens bent on world domination . When the cartoonist plays an audio tape stolen from the aliens , Godzilla and Angilas , on Monster Island , detect it and set out to discover the source . Meanwhile , the aliens summon King Ghidorah and a new monster , Gigan , from outer space to wreak havoc on Earth . Godzilla and Angilas are soon pitted in a grand , occasionally bloody battle with the two space monsters.After the experimental Godzilla vs. Hedorah , Toho returned to the more familiar theme of space aliens invading Earth with Godzilla vs. Gigan -LRB- a.k.a. Godzilla on Monster Island -RRB- . The result , however , is a mish-mosh of stock footage , canned Akira Ifukube music , and juvenile monster antics that fall far short of the fantastic daikaiju romps of the 1960s . If not for a few shining moments of monsters destroying civilization , the lackluster cast and foolish script would make this a totally forgettable entry in the Godzilla series.Despite featuring one of Godzilla 's coolest-looking foes , the movie carries silliness to its utmost extreme , the monster battles largely being pale imitations of those in such classics as Ghidrah , The Three-Headed Monster ; Monster Zero ; and Destroy All Monsters . Extensive use of stock footage ruins any number of the sequences , and many of the new special effects scenes fall laughably below the standard set by the series ' earlier entries . Still , the high-quality , widescreen DVD presentation greatly enhances the cheesy fun factor , and the movie can be recommended for the sheer amount of monster action .
 I 've read the reviews on the 1998 GODZILLA movie , and most of them complain about a lack of plot . Anybody who thinks that this newest Godzilla movie does n't have a plot should be required to watch GODZILLA VS. GIGAN before they say anything bad about the more recent effort . This movie makes Sony 's version of GODZILLA look as if the screenplay were written by Charles Dickens . I 've seen GIGAN three times , and I still have n't been able to discern much of a plot , beyond just an excuse to show fight sequences which are so poorly done that it is impossible to tell what it happening . Also , this is easily the most gory Godzilla I 've ever seen . I admit the main reason for watching these movies is to see the fight scenes , but do we really need to see the blood quite literally gushing from Godzilla 's side ? Part of the charm of the old Godzilla movies is that they appeal to kids , but this movie is so gory that I ca n't see letting my kids watch it.The filmmakers did try to be creative by letting Godzilla speak , but it is so badly garbled that the people who dubbed this movie into English could have just as easily left him speaking in Japanese . The only truly effective creative touch was Godzilla winking at the audience as the movie ends , a feature clearly designed to appeal to younger viewers -- the same younger views who would have nightmares over the ultraviolent fight scenes .
 Godzilla vs. Gigan is n't a good Godzilla movie by any stretch of the imagination . It is n't even an OK Godzilla movie . But having been made a few years after the horrific Godzilla 's Revenge and immediatly before the insipid Godzilla vs. Megalon , it comes across as a breath of breathable , if not fresh , air . The plot is standard for the time and fairly unimaginative , and the characters are truly awful . The monster action is at least fairly entertaining , but the only really good part is Akira Ifukube 's score , the hearing of which can cause you to forgive a lot of the movie 's sins . The final fight scene , unfortunatley , is the worst bit of the monster action , being too slow and dull to really stir anything . Bottom line
 I am the biggest G fan in the world , but this one just stinks . Megalon , G 's Revenge and Spacegodzilla are worse , but not by much . The economy in Japan at the time was horrible , so little money was used to make the 70 's G movies . Stock footage was used also . Of course for all Godzilla fans , there are cool cheesy action sequences , and Gigan was a nice creation , but the story and overall production of the film was not good at all . And Godzilla actually speaks !
 Gigan was good but the toy on strings Ghidrah and the aliens and guy drawing pokadot monster thing was stupid ! And also ... Godzilla talks ? Give me a break ! It sounded like some old guy mumbling .
 The monsters talk in this movie . the title as originally Godzilla On Monster Island in Japan . The monster , Gigan is cool.He is from space . You will not like King Gidrath in this ONE . King Gidrath looks messed up . The siute does . It is a good movie for those who like to watch Godzilla and other monster movies .
 Space cockroaches , Gigan , King Ghidorah , Godzilla , Angilas and over 30 minutes of stock footage crap ! This movie is so low budget that I do n`t know how I give it 2 stars ! What this movie is worth is crap but its still cool and worth watching . P.S. . The talking of the monsters is bull crap !
 Cockroach-people intend to invade the earth with the help of Gigan but are stopped by Godzilla and that Ankylosaur thing . In both of the films I 've seen that contain Gigan , he never comes across as anything more than just ` another monster ' . Godzilla and friend talk in silly cartoon voices and Ghidorah -LRB- looking very unwell -RRB- is thrown in for no better reason than to help the film sell . Moments of good humour early on do n't justify this plotless drivel .
 Who chooses which Godzilla films are to be released in the UK ? Pop Larkin ? We 're still awaiting the release of the Destroyah , Biollante , nineties Mechagodzilla and original 1950s Godzilla films over here , and yet twaddle like this waste of time is festering wherever you may go.The plot -LRB- if you feel like calling it that -RRB- involves a race of aliens who intend to take over the world with the help of a monster which appears to have been put together from kitchen utensils . So it 's up to Godzilla and that rather hopeless Ankylosaurus-bloke to sort out the mess , mumbling and muttering to one another in synthesized tones as they go about it.Yawnsome , predictable , laughable trash .
 Well , the film has 2 good things :1 -RRB- Gigan is a cool monster , and 2 -RRB- Angilas is used in here for a time , and I like him.Besides that , the movie is pretty bad , from Godzilla talking -LRB- no , I am not making this up -RRB- , Ghidora looking stiff , and the stock footage .
 Aliens dispach Gigan -LRB- a really cool bird ceature with a buzzsaw on his belly -RRB- and King Ghidorah -LRB- looking really stiff -RRB- to conquer Earth . They knock down alought og building . But naturaly Godzilla is n't very happy about this . He gets with his buddy Angilas , has a bizare syntheiser conversation with Angilas , and then ingages in a bloody battle with Gigan and Ghidrah . Same old stuff
 This puppy barely rates a 3 . Having seen all the other Godzilla films in order up to this point , you just feel like your viewing Silver Age Godzilla . I mean , every facet of the film seems to be of lesser quality than the Godzilla films before `` Destroy all Monsters '' . At several points during this film , I almost feel like I am seeing some `` B '' science fiction opera instead of a Godzilla film . Godzilla 's presence , and fierce conflict against two space monsters , lifts this film into mediocrity at the end . `` Godzilla vs. the Smog Monster '' had fewer monsters and a more radical plotline , but just seemed made of better stuff than this film . Part of it definitely has to do with the fact that Gigan is a wimpy kaiju . Godzilla swats Gigan out of the sky with atomic breath 3 times during the movie . Without any kind of breath or beam weapon , Gigan ca n't stand on the same field as Godzilla . What was Anguilus doing in this film anyway ? I mean , except for getting its ... kicked left and right for the last half of the film . Not the monster buddy I want in a fight , I tell you . Having Ghidorah and Gigan fly away at the end makes the film seem more like a wrestling match than a monster battle . Overall , `` Godzilla vs. Gigan '' is an barely adequate film in the Godzilla series , inconsequential except as the movie where Gigan is introduced .
 Cockroach aliens diguise themselves as amusement park creators and plan to take over the world using Ghidorah and a newcomer , Gigan . Fortunately , people have Godzilla and Anguirus -LRB- who now can talk -RRB- to defend them . After producer Tomoyuki Tanaka railed against director Yoshimitsu Banno for `` ruining Godzilla '' with 1971 's Godzilla vs. The Smog Monster , he wanted to create a classic Godzilla film . Director Jun Fukuda -LRB- who had previously helmed Godzilla vs. The Sea Monster and Son of Godzilla -RRB- was brought on board and stock music from previous Toho films -LRB- all by composer Akira Ifukube -RRB- was used for the soundtrack.Godzilla vs. Gigan is bad , even by Showa era standards . The shameless use of stock footage for a good portion of the kaiju battles , the use of stock music , the boring human characters , and the shoddy special effects -LRB- in one scene you can literally see the Godzilla costume coming apart -RRB- make it one of the worst in the series . The film 's only redeeming quality is the introduction of Gigan , one of Toho 's most interesting monsters . For completists only .
 I saw this movie in literature class a few months ago . We were reading some of Wilde 's work and I guess our teacher wanted to give us some info about his life . Anyway , this is NOT the kind of film you should show 15 year old students ... The acting is good but I think the movie should focus more on his work . Some people might like it but I -LRB- and the rest of my class -RRB- did n't enjoy it .
 I received an American edition of the Wilde DVD - which is incompatible with our Danish DVD machines . Usually , when I order from Amazon.uk I get the British edition which causes no problem - I do n't know what happened this time?Anne SchytteGrammar school teacher
 After reading the many glowing reviews on Amazon , I ordered this DVD immediately . Unfortunately , its excessive and gratuitous focus on Wilde 's homosexuality was a profound disappointment . Nudge , nudge . Know what I mean ? Nudge , nudge . This production provides little context for the scope of Wilde 's life , accomplishments , and brilliant wit.Serious Wilde fans would do better to watch Peter Egan 's enthralling portrayal in BBC 's exceptional series `` Lillie '' , about the life of Lillie Langtry . Wilde plays a prominent role throughout this production . Peter Egan portrays Wilde 's flamboyant cutting wit with brilliance that will spoil you.May I also suggest Richard Ellmann 's mammoth 600-page Wilde biography ? When you encounter some of the book 's tedious passages you can always make rude sucking noises as you read if you wish.This is my first review and was inspired by anger.www.johncregar.com
 Yikes ! I picked this movie up to see some real British Favorites of mine like Jude Law , Ioan Gruffudd , Jennifer Ehle , and to get a glance at Orlando Bloom . I was horrified to see too much of the `` goings on '' of Oscar Wilde with my favorite Brit actors . I do n't recommend this film to those who are even a little bit guarded about what they watch . The movie may have been an accurate portrayal of Oscar Wilde 's sex life , but a bit too `` showing '' for me . The sexual scenes are too much whether the characters are homosexual or not . I felt like these scenes monopolized the film and that the movie was made more to shock people than to really portray the great writer -- Oscar Wilde . I watched this movie with a group of my friends and all of us were not prepared to `` see '' the material given in this film , it just is not necessary . Leave your imagination at the door because there is no use for it -- you can not imagine much more than what is presented to you . It got so bad that I thought that I would just fast forward through the sex scenes , but then I realized that I was fast forwarding half the movie ... time that could of been spent on meaningful dialogue or expressions of his artisic passion that the world reveres him for . Yes , we know that he was gay ... point made ! That is fine and it is accepted but why must it ALL be on film ? There are more clever ways to film his life . I realize that my opinion is unpopular to whomever even cares to watch this movie , but it is hard for me to justify watching this film when every other scene is pornographic . I have to admit , however , that the actors portrayals were more than convincing ... there was no holding back .
 As a rule , I do n't like to put movies down too hard in my reviews , but this time I ca n't overstress how unhappy I am to have wasted two hours of my time watching something so unpleasant . Wilde has got to be the worst movie I have seen in the past few years . I am saying this from the standpoint of someone who absolutely loves Oscar Wilde and happens to know plenty about him as an artist and as a homosexual.The actual facts may come near enough the truth , but the whole atmosphere of the movie is completely off-key . To put it mildly , it is squalid , and squalor - of all things - seems to me to be the one Oscar Wilde would have tried the hardest to keep out of his life . In this movie , on the contrary , Wilde 's life is mercilessly presented as turbid , unrighteous and overall devoted to nothing else but physical pleasure - mainly to cheap sex-making . All this , to make things even worse , in the company of the most revolting creatures imaginable - all of them being , in one way or in another , quite pathetic . Of course , Lord Alfred Douglas wins first prize in this `` moral hideousness '' contest . Annoying as `` Bosie '' must have been in real life , I find it hard to believe that he could have been so to that extent . There must have been something pleasant about him , besides his plump lips and rear-end . To make it short , there is not one character in this film with a well-rounded personality - they are all , with no exception , caricatures of the `` real thing . '' The acting is poor and the dialogues flat . And that 's not it , I 'm afraid ... The cinematography is repetitive and rhetorical , and the score is honestly hard to put up with . I was shocked to find out that a person as intelligent and fascinating as Oscar Wilde was could be described with such shallowness . This movie , in my opinion , does Wilde no justice at all .
 Here 's what I learned from this movie
 I can resist anything but temptation!In this case my Sun newspaper like review title.I have read all the customer reviews below and all of Oscar Wilde 's complete works.I have seen most of his plays -LRB- `` The Importance of being Ernest -LRB- 1895 -RRB- '' many times over -RRB- and seen many other portrayals of the great Irishman.Yes Fry does look uncannily like Wilde and as he stated , it was the role he was born to play.What a pity then he was let down by the producer/scriptwriters ! How I agree with my esteemed colleagues below who bemoan the trap the producers have fallen into of plugging the homosexual thing -LRB- presumably to sensationlise the prurient aspects of his life to `` put bums on seats '' by the non cognoscenti -RRB- but not showing on screen Wilde 's flowing bon mots/aphorisms/epigrams / literature and sparkling converstion etc.We all have our favourites.Whereas we were treated to Fry vocalising excerpts from his `` The Gentle Giant '' read to his children , I was left frustrated by the lack of interest shown by the producers in Wilde 's literature.Where were the scenes set in his publishers office as they discuss his latest work ? . Where were the sophisticated dinner party converstions with other intellectuals?Where were the scenes showing him develop from his youth in Dublin and at Trinity College univerity there to produce the character he became ? . Little was made of the relationship with his mother although this film did show his love for his children.We had to endure an obsession with the `` Bosie '' a.k.a.Lord Alfred Douglas thing but this was only part of his life!His failed scandal law case brought against The Marquis of Queensbury -LRB- father of `` Bosie '' -RRB- and subsequent incarcaration in Reading gaol , always hogs the attention of film producers for rather obvious reasons.But why no scenes of him thinking out his `` De Profundis '' while he composed it in his cell?I know some people may think I am being unfashionable since homosexual matters had to be suggested in older versions rather than the modern `` in yer face '' style of modern adaptions.I had hoped for better .
 I first watch American colony
 This DVD is listed as the only film version of this Middle Ages play . I was not impressed with the production values , sound , image or acting.I appreciate the effort , but not the end result . I had purchased the DVD for possible viewing by theatre students , but decided not to share or recommend it after viewing it myself.It is worth a viewing , but not that memorable .
 This is by far the worst film I have viewed in a long time . It appears to be an independent student production shot very badly on digital cameras ... home cameras . The editing is bad , with repetitious shots -LRB- like in a cartoon -RRB- and the picture cuts out at one point and cuts back into the next scene with Good Deeds , and from that point on , the sound does not match up to the action/speaking . The director 's choices are just odd , along with many of the costume choices as well . The acting is not particularly good , and it is only updated in setting ... the dialogue remains true to an early translation . The two contrast badly . I do n't doubt they all worked hard on this production , but sadly , the result is definitely not worth the money ... or time to attempt to view it ... unless you want a good example of bad film making .
 I borrowed this movie from the library -LRB- Thank God I did n't spend any money on it ! -RRB- . Although I was n't expecting a masterpiece , I had some hope for a reasonably good movie . My hopes were smashed with an unutterable cruelty.Kelli Fleming may have some martial arts skill . Yet , there was an unmistakable deliberation that came across as slowness or even cluminess . Her acting is an abomination , and an insult to the whole art form and every one of its practitioners.I can only imagine that Willie Nelson really needed some money when he agreed to do this movie . OK ; he played a weather-beatten , worldly wise , and wizened old man . No problem with this , and he would n't really need to act . But he just could n't make his character believeable in any way . And the fight scenes , , , sorry folks . It was too embarassing to look at -LRB- not to mention the sloppily dubbed in sounds of bones breaking when he 'd hit someone . Please ! -RRB- The villans -LRB- whose names I ca n't bring myself to remember -RRB- were pitiful and two dimensional . The script was not even worth the paper it was printed on . The directing , editing , cinematography , , , all amaturish by any standard.Don ' t waste your time .
 Prior to watching this film , I was n't too familiar with Willie Nelson 's movie career , but upon seeing this one , it 's hard to believe that he 's been in some really good pictures -LRB- e.g.The Electric Horseman -RRB- , for this film makes even his rather trashy outings -LRB- e.g.Starlight -RRB- look stellar by comparison . If you want to save some time reading , the rest of the review can be boiled down to the fact that it 's one of the most blatantly cheap-looking films I have ever seen in my life , and that 's coming from someone who loves DTV cinema . Even if you 're a fan of Willie 's to begin with , there 's no fun to be had here . Leave this one in its rightful place in the bargain bin.The story
 This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen . Willie `` phones it in . '' -LRB- I liked him in Barbarosa - maybe the tax problems got him involved ? -RRB- The female lead is terrible - she ca n't act and her martial arts is n't any better -LRB- maybe just on film ? -RRB- . The support cast - not any better . The story ` blows ' .
 ... these three previously written reviews made the movie worthwhile . Maybe it was the tension from a horrible movie , but these reviews made me laugh more than I have in quite awhile ...
 I thought this would be a good movie as I usually like Hugh Grant and Andie MacDowell , but it was awful . I feel asleep during the first 30 minutes of this movie the first time I watched it . So , I watched it again and it was still a bad film . Andie was very stiff with her lines and the characters -LRB- especially hers -RRB- were unlikeable to say the least . Wo n't waste my time watching this one again !
 Given the many accolades assigned to this film over the years -LRB- not the least of which are Best Picture and Best Original Screenplay Oscar Nominations -RRB- , I was expecting a classic , top-tier romantic comedy on the order of When Harry Met Sally . Unfortunately , Four Weddings and a Funeral fell well short of those lofty expectations.The sad part is that the film does a great many things well . The movie has many funny moments and the ensemble cast is mostly exceptional , especially amongst Charles ' highly eclectic group of friends . However , it suffers from one fatal flaw
 All of the funny sections of this movie were in the previews . The rest of the show was pretty dull .
 The movie was absolutely horrid ! I was looking for something fun to watch with family and a son about to be married . I mentioned that 19902 had great movies -- but this was totally stunk . I was ashamed I bothered to watch it . Both main characters were ridiculous people . I absolutely thought Hugh Grant was the most wishy washy sleazy shmuck ever and Andie McDowell was such a tramp . yuck .
 The film was tedious and dry . Zero chemistry between McDowell and Grant . An uninteresting disappointment , the film was disengaging and nearly vapid . A few comical moments could n't save this bore .
 What a hideous movie ! I was furious when it was done because I had just wasted two hours watching a movie that has nothing to recommend it . This movie is neither funny nor inspiring.It was interesting in the beginning . Will the two main characters get together ? My sympathy for Andie McDowell 's character slipped when she had sex with Hugh Grant while engaged to someone else , and disappeared altogether when she recalled one by one her many lovers -LRB- 32 of 'em -RRB- . It 's impossible for me to believe that she would remain faithful while married.Hugh Grant 's character was not much better . When he could n't have Andie , he asked someone else , someone who was absolutely crazy about him . Too bad the plot required that she be left at the altar.The only characters I liked were the two gay guys -LRB- what an incredible poem one read at the other 's funeral -RRB- . The two main characters were sexual slimeballs . I hated this movie .
 I hated this movie . Andie McDowell 's disgusting character is what did it for me . Her line in the end about the raining ?? ... enough to make me throw-up .
 I do n't remember anything about this movie except that I stayed up late one night to watch it on TV and felt absolutely cheated . I had heard that the movie was good so I thought , `` well , it 's on , let 's give it a try . '' But I seriously ca n't remember anything about it except that I thought it was terrible . I almost want to watch it again just to see why it left such a bad taste in my mouth , except that , you know , I 'm going to have to taste it again . Hmm , maybe . I can always turn it off when it starts to get painful .
 I rented Four Weddings assuming it 's reputation as the quintessential romantic comedy would guarantee I would enjoy it . I got out my pop corn and tissues , ready to be won over by Hugh and Andi ... what an awful letdown.I wanted to love this film , really I did , but it falls flat . The biggest problem is that I had no connection to Andi McDowell &#8217; s character at all , she comes off as cold and just mean . McDowell was great in `` Green Card '' , but comes across all wrong here . Perhaps she needed more screen time to develop her character . Hugh Grant 's standard stuttering-shy-guy routine is tired and unappealing this time around -LRB- although it won my heart without fail in other flicks -RRB- . There are some interesting things happening with Grant 's circle of eclectic friends , but all that is pushed aside to chronicle Grant and McDowell &#8217; s relationship ... which consists of chance meetings followed by a customary romp under the covers . I ca n't fathom how Grant 's character falls in love with a woman he speaks to for ten minutes all together . The chemistry is just not there , and the ending is abrupt and unsatisfying.Skip this movie , I wish I had!When Harry Met Sally , Jerry McGuire , Circle of Friends , or Monsoon Wedding are excellent substitutes .
 I never cared for Four Weddings and a Funeral . Andie MacDowell 's character is disgusting , she sleeps aronund , plays with Hugh Grant 's character affections and never seems to care about anyone but herself . The only reason I give this film 2 stars instead of 1 because this is Hugh Grant 's breakout role and he is so charming in this one , god love him ! The rest of the cast is annoying and wooden , if you want an intelligent british comedy then I recommend Bridget Jones 's Diary which also has Grant as the romantic lead .
 The truth be told , I am not a real fan of Hugh Grant . His mumbling style , the constant running of his hands through his hair , and his `` blank look '' look are his trademarks , and they are unique in only one movie . After that , they are old , old , old.Then there is the plot of Four Weddings and a Funeral . Hugh Grant 's character , along with all of his friends , have no life other than bumbling along at weddings and funerals . It seems that Grant 's `` profession '' is trying to have a constant stream of sleeping partners.I enjoyed the scenes in England . I think the actors were being paid by the number of times they flashed their teeth while smiling.All the characters were shallow , shallow , shallow . And ... well , the scenery was nice.Four Weddings and a Funeral is clearly in need of another funeral ... itself .
 *** SPOILERS UNAVOIDABLE *** If you 're a budding Anglophile then you 're liable to fall for this charmless and , quite frankly , mean-spirited film . A gang of smug friends habitually attends weddings -LRB- which they despise -RRB- of other friends -LRB- to whom they seem indifferent -RRB- . Each of the smug friends - apart from two of the men , who are a couple - is single because either their lovers have left them or they themselves are indecisive . The male-male couple seems genuinely happy together , but they , like their smug friends , can not refrain from relentless mockery of the weddings no one forces them to attend . But even the married couples are prompted to wed out of a desperate fear of being alone . It 's all very cynical.And the principal romance is disastrously mishandled . The hero -LRB- Hugh Grant -RRB- is a perfect specimen of repugnant insipidity . The heroine -LRB- Andie MacDowell -RRB- is a sinister mannequin with nymphomaniacal pretensions . Likes repel in accordance with the laws of attraction . In Four Weddings and a Funeral , which boasts a screenplay that should have failed an undergraduate workshop , these two grotesques find each other irresistible . Several inevitable tragedies arise , most notably the death of one of the men of the male-male couple . -LRB- But he ate pans of sausages for breakfast and was unpleasant to nearly everyone except his boyfriend . So for me his heart attack was well-deserved . -RRB- This forces what 's left of the smug gang to re-examine their smugness and , in a shocking adherence to the law of opposites attracting , they slowly pair off with other friends about whom they had previously been smug . As for the hero and the heroine , while they are busy not being repulsed by each other it transpires that the heroine is already pre-contracted to another grotesque , whom she marries . Everlasting loneliness looms over the head of the hero . So he decides to marry a grotesque whom he had previously jilted . But before the hero can vow to never again know the pleasure of a single moment 's solitude , the heroine arrives to tell him that the grotesque she married was somehow too gruesome for her liking and that she is once more free to not be repulsed by the hero . Naturally the hero does the right thing and rejects his grotesque bride before witnesses . By now the twice-jilted grotesque is justified in opening the hero 's throat but rather civilly punches him in the face . Anxieties ensue for the hero but are all for nowt when the heroine reappears agreeing to compromise with him on `` not being married . '' They bring their lips together in the rain and thereby provoke a thunderclap straight out of Rocky Horror Picture Show , a far superior film for which this surely must have been a sequel that lost its way.Absent any other merit this film does have the purely anthropological/sociological value of being set in the early '90s . So if you find it worth your while to be relentlessly assaulted by women wearing appalling dresses with inflated shoulders and men sporting more than usually floppy haircuts then Four Weddings and a Funeral will be momentarily distracting at best.Otherwise you 're better off reading Jane Austen or watching an RSC production .
 Nice visually but superficial . Parading the usual Hollywood values `` Sleeping around is a positive thing '' . `` self centeredness '' also very positive . Funnily enough the funeral was the best part of the movie and john Hannah 's eulogy the highpoint of the film . I like Andie MacDowell But her role was pretty much confined to looking pretty and sensitive . Hugh Grant just bumbled . I am not sure it deserves even a 2 .
 As a movie I will rate it 4 stars , but the video quality is very bad , lot of artifacts , blury images , MGM transfer is really a big disappointment .
 I 've finally seen what people have said is the `` best modern romantic comedy '' around . They 're joking ? There might be that movie in this mess somewhere , but the script and editing kill it.Charles -LRB- Hugh Grant -RRB- is a very attractive character and nicely written in his strengths -LRB- friendship , openness to the possibility of true love -RRB- and flaws -LRB- perpetually late , a complete lack of discretion -RRB- . Carrie -LRB- Andie MacDowell -RRB- is less engaging . For someone supposedly so `` experienced '' -LRB- she lists 33 lovers -RRB- , she apparently has no idea what she 's doing in her relationships . She 's attracted to Charles from the beginning but does absolutely nothing to encourage him other than invite him to have sex with her . -LRB- If Charles is a `` serial monogamist '' then she 's a `` serial monogamist '' who cheats . -RRB- It makes one wonder how much is really there , how long before she 's explaining to Charles that it just is n't working out , and there 's this new guy who 's now the one . After all , according to the script as shown , they 've barely talked to each other.The script is much too obvious . There are real clunkers of forced scenes including one where it feels like someone said `` oh wait , we have n't made this person awful enough for what 's about to happen to her so let 's give her one really bitchy line . '' Charles 's friends are a fascinating group , but only good acting prevents them from being cardboard stereotypes.The film has no idea whether it 's making meaningful statements about relationships or being a screwball farce . It could have been cut either way . As it is , it feels as deeply real and as cheaply funny as the unmoving waves in one backdrop .
 Do n't get me wrong . The movie is brilliant and a timeless , classic comedy . Unfortunately , Fox and MGM video did n't see it that way and dusted off an ancient HD master , putting no TLC whatsoever into this Blu-ray release.This film deserves nothing less than a full 6k restoration from the original camera negatives and audio elements . What you get here instead is a wobbly , scratched , and dirty print with gobs of edge enhancement slapped on to try and beef up the inherent softness in the image . Do n't let the extremely high average MPEG-4 video bitrate listed on the package fool you ... it 's the old adage of garbage in , garbage out.It reminds me a lot of the typical cruddy treatment Universal heaps upon its catalog titles -LRB- unless it happens to be named `` E.T. '' or `` Jaws '' ... and then Laser Pacific does the work -RRB- . It 's nothing short of shameful .
 This is the film that did it for me . The story is so good , so darn clever , and I find Hugh Grant 's performance utterly charming . But Andie MacDowell spoiled this entire film for me . Most pick on the final scene where she utters the film 's last line as confirmation of her bad acting , but I think the problem existed long before . It is just that she was so conspicuously bad in that particular scene . You could n't ignore it . She absolutely shattered the mood , so I was picking off glass , and I could hear groans . Her voice was so bizarre , it was like someone farted during a period of reverence . Before watching this film , I had no opinion about Andie MacDowell , but afterwards , I concede I developed a definite animus . I 'm forgiving with actors - as long as they do n't ruin the story or are at least entertaining , I really do n't care . I mean neither Jackie Chan or Jean-Claude Van Damme can act , but at least they have some modicum of credibility . I ca n't say that about Andie MacDowell . She ruined this entire film for me . I realized she could not emote during the scene when she was recounting her lovers . She was the star , the focus was on her . You could see Hugh Grant 's obvious distress , but her face was as blank as a plate . No inflection . No nothing . Even her voice did n't sound natural . I did n't believe a word she said . If the producers had brought on someone who was at least human , or someone who could speak in more than a robotic voice , then this film would have been stellar . Andie MacDowell was good in sex , lies and videotape , because the character was stiff , frigid and emotionally stunted , but she has n't been able to duplicate that caliber of performance -LRB- or her just being herself -RRB- . Surprisingly , Andie MacDowell was actually nominated for a Golden Globe for this role . The Golden Globes have lost all credibility , and I have no doubt it would nominate a shoe sole if it can nominate Ms. MacDowell . The film could be good , but it was utterly ruined by Andie MacDowell , so I ca n't recommend it unless one wants to see how bad an actress she is . What I mourn is the loss of potential . This could have been a great film - only if she was removed . I would hire Andie MacDowell 's agent in a heartbeat . He could sell anything .
 I thought I was at my own funeral and did n't want to be there . Another Hugh Grant goody-two-shoes part . Would someone please find this man a real character part . Please ... he does have talent .
 I ca n't believe this movie was a hit , unless I saw a different movie with the same title.We are given the rare priviledge spending time around a bunch of shallow , annoying , whiney , vaccuuous people as they attend the titular events . Why we are meant to care what happens to any of them , we are never told.The only character who is almost halfway likable is a condescending jerk -LRB- played by the normally very likable Simon Callow -RRB- , and its his funeral in the title.The only reason I went to see this was that Rowan Atkinson is billed as one of its main players . He is only in two scenes , and is even less funny than the rest of the cast -LRB- `` Oh , he said ` spiggot ' instead of ` Spirit , ' I think my sides are about to burst ! '' -RRB- Screenwriter Richard Curtis , who also wrote for `` Black Adder , '' must have blackmailed him.I think Americans who like this movie , and others like it -LRB- the Curtis genre -RRB- , think that seeing it makes them really sophisticated . The joke is on them , however . Just before dying , the jerk makes fun of some Americans for not knowing Oscar Wilde is dead . The American who is ignorant of things British is one of the most tired cliche 's in British `` comedy . '' Many who laught at it , I 'm sure , do n't recognize a difference between types of Americans . We 're all stupid , in their books . The ones who visit Britain as tourists or watch their movies and TV shows are the most visible to them . They like to take our money , as much as they seem to resent us.Don ' t get me wrong . There is a lot of British stuff I like . I dream of one day visiting the Sceptre 'd Isle . The Curtis genre , however , occasionally mocks Americans while pandering to a certain type of American , while the characters , but for their accents alone , are indistinguishable from the most boring types of shallow , middle-class Americans.And seeing Hugh Grant in this movie caused me to wonder from under which rock he was found . The slime oozing off his body was quite obviously palpable to me . Why nobody else ? Is this a hoax ? Is everyone just pretending to like this guy for some reason ? Even assuming he 's good looking and all that , so what ? There are lots of pretty boys , and some of them do n't engage in marathon sessions of nodding and blinking . I think hundreds of actors could do just as well , if not better than him in most of his movies in I 've seen . For a list of the few good movies he 's been in , see my `` Films with Hugh Grant that are Actually Worth Watching '' in Listmania Lists.Even people who like this movie may agree that the worst thing about it is that it will probably remain the best known work of actress Charlotte Coleman , whose promising career was cut short by her untimely death.After ten years , the bad aftertaste of this movie lingers on .
 Maudlin , slushy mush . That 's what this film is in a nutshell . Do n't dare watch this schmaltzy goo if you have any self-respect or intelligence . Hugh Grant should stick to what he does best
 As my mother once had to be cut from a car wreck due to another vehicle 's irresponsible driver , I found the opening to this film less than amusing.Am I behind the times or did anyone else find the fact that MacDowell 's character was prepared to cheat on her fiance the night before her marriage repellent ? Likewise , Grant 's character 's acceptance of this as perfectly normal behaviour ? We are meant to go on finding these two promiscuous wretches cute . MacDowell then has the nerve to blame her husband for the failure of her marriage . Cringe.I also find it odd that a gay man would want to give a speech in church when the ` good ' book has hardly been welcoming towards homosexuality . The film then gets terribly maudlin over the fact that this man believes his life is no more because he will never meet another fat , loud , hairy man again . Er ... Now , before you say this review smacks of someone whose got out out of the wrong side of the bed this morning and has n't had any lurve or sack action since we went decimal , I 'd just like to say I have no bed and you can always pay for it . A clergy man in Acton once told me .
 Where to begin with this cack ? Any film made for ? middle Americans about Britain/the British is going to be heading for the file marked `` For the Hard of Thinking '' . Think Friends -LRB- in London -RRB- , think Austin Powers , think Dudley Moore , in fact do n't think . Just leave your brain at the video counter when you rent this.How this cringing pot-boiler passed the British Board of Censorship is beyond me . No tired cliche is left unturned , no stereotype is not brought from the grave , plotlines do n't turn left or right they chunder onwards to the final scene where even in terms of nauseating feel-good Hollywood endings for the emotionally-challenged they go some . You expect everybody to give each other a PC Telly Tubby-style Big Hug.Don ' t get me wrong , this is n't a diatribe against American thinking , merely the mince that you get when you cater for the lowest denominator - ie money .
 This movie had a few cute lines in the beginning , but than it dragged . This movie was not worth it .
 If it 's possible for a movie to be any worse , I do n't know how . Oh , that 's right ... LOVE ACTUALLY!This meandering , pointless hodgepodge of unsympathetic and amoral characters in unbelieveable settings is a complete waste of time and film . And what was the ending about , anyway ? Hugh and Andie agree to `` not be married '' for the rest of their lives ? So , like , they 're gon na just shack up for life ? We all know that works soooooo well ... see Hugh 's non-marriage to Liz Hurley for details.One star , but only because I ca n't give it zero .
 Deliriously unfunny flick about Dysfunctional British White Trash Set starring that English guy with sticky big tooth grin who ca n't stop `` acting '' as if were 14 years old -LRB- O.K. 8 years old -RRB- . McDowell 's set in granite smile even more putrid as was her ameba like portrayal of worthless All American tramp.It goes without saying that only the two homosexuals would be portrayed as being half way decent and not altogether mindless.Film pinned a phony Valentine on characters at the tail end , ca n't say why other than to relieve viewers suffering . Actually , could n't take more than 40 minutes of it . Did n't matter because if you only see the first 20 min . that will be sufficient -LRB- they did n't title this one Four Wedding for nothing -RRB- . Reappeared during the last five to see dumb resolution . Did n't buy a word of it . Does n't matter because NOTHING about these characters mattered . Sickening making . Typical European yuck and snot.No surprise that it went over big in America .
 When I first saw this movie , in theaters , years ago , I enjoyed it . I liked the obvious comraderie shared by Charles ' -LRB- Grant 's -RRB- crowd . Watching the friends interact made you think of your own friends.I bought it on DVD a couple years ago and watched it again recently ... What a disappointment . I found I could n't get past my dislike of MacDowell 's character . What a lousy character . She is manipulative , a phoney , a liar , and is just a bit too superficial and casual when it comes to relationships and sex -LRB- she 's obviously marrying Hamisch for money - he owns `` half of Scotland '' and is `` twice her age '' ... and oh , she 's only slept with 33 men -RRB- as can be ... I found it so hard to sympathize , to root for these two when they were so self-absorbed and confusing . And that ridiculous line at the end
 The hype surrounding Four Weddings when it was first released in the UK made me imagine it must me a great movie . What does everyone see in it ? Grant is irritating and a stereotypically English upper-class boy , which is getting tirelessly overused in movies . The `` quaint '' weddings and eccentricity and aloof nature of the women are just as bad . If you want to see a real British movie , watch Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels instead . Four Weddings is a big disappointment .
 First of all , I have to say that romantic comedies are n't entirely my `` basket '' , so my review will be somewhat biased - you have been warned . However , hopefully I will be able to limit this bias by reviewing FOUR WEDDINGS as objectively as I can , as a movie , because I can see its merits - and its downfalls.I think the plot has been covered fairly well already , and is pretty much nothing more than a `` boy meets girl , boy loses girl , boy gets girl back '' kinda situation . Nothing amazing . What is amazing is the way in which Richard Curtis as a writer flawlessly captures that atmoshpere that always seem to be at British weddings ; being British myself , I can say that his portrayal of the wedings -LRB- and the funeral -RRB- did completely and utterly capture the English eccentricity and reserve perefectly.However , once we finally got round to the last wedding , I was yawning - it was far too much of the same thing . It would have been more interesting to put some of those characters that appeared at all the weddings in another situation.When watching films such as FOUR WEDDINGS and NOTTING HILL , it is obvious just how few famous faces there are in British comedy ; almost every single little cameo role in FOUR WEDDINGS was played by a relatively famous British comedic actor or actress , right down to Rowan Atkinson making an appearance with his co-star from THE THIN BLUE LINE , James Dreyfus . All these `` familair faces '' do add to the appeal of the movie for many people , and all play their parts wonderfully , but they do seem to be typecast - hardly any of them actually played anything that was a long way from work they have already done.The ending of the movie is truly terrible ; it is so cheesy that I actually groaned out loud at the scene in the rain . Un until there , the movie had consintently hit just off-centre , which was nice , but the scene was unbearably predictable and trite . What was Richard Curtis thinking of ?! Despite all this , FOUR WEDDINGS is a good movie - I just do n't like it , but do n't let that put you off.Dragyn
 ... and there is no tech support that I could find and no response two days later from the email I sent.Bought it for three times the price the same night on iTunes and it played perfectly , however , and I LOVE THE MOVIE
 This movie is every bit as wonderful as other reviewers say , but the tape I received is easily the lowest-quality commercial VHS tape I have ever seen . I 'd give zero stars if I could
 ` The Cat People ' is a wonderfully creepy and atmospheric film . Fans of ` The Sixth Sense ' will love this suggestive , eerie classic of horror . This film just begs for a crisp DVD image and re-release with several extras included . With a recent book on Jacques Turner on the market how come this has n't been released on the shiny disc format ?
 For a low-budget thriller , there are some things to admire in `` Towards Darkness '' including its cinematography and incredibly authentic settings . But the film misses the mark by intriguing us with a fascinating concept based on important events most Americans are not aware of , and then wasting the opportunity by reducing the story to typical action movie cliches.The film starts with promise as we see a young Colombian man bound and tied , we do n't know where and we are not sure why he has been kidnapped . This is intercut with shots of his wealthy parents negotiating with a villainous kidnapper with the aid of American contractors . These scenes grab us and manage to generate suspense , and the characters have good establishing moments at the beginning as we meet Jose Gutierrez -LRB- Roberto Urbina -RRB- , the son of high class Colombians who visits his homeland and rekindles a romance with a childhood sweetheart played by America Ferrera of `` Ugly Betty '' fame . Director Antonio Negret also establishes his story in powerful , wonderous settings as he takes us on a visual tour of Colombia , its lush jungles , coastal cities and inner neighborhoods . There is never a doubt for anyone who has ever visited South America , that this film is taking place where it says it 's taking place.But half-way through the movie loses steam , mostly because the most fascinating aspects of the story , Jose 's kidnapping and Colombia 's social crisis , are brushed aside for useless action movie characters including a former military man and CIA people trying to conduct a rescue . We are forced to sit through endless shots of the American driving around a city , facing a traffic jam and zigzagging through neighborhoods , over and over . And for half the film we are treated to endless wide shots of a military helicopter hovering over lush South American jungle patches and swamps . The Americans cardboard characters quickly slapped together out of Tom Clancy yarns , their dialogue mostly consists of lines such as `` I need wings and guns , '' `` no problem , I know guys who owe me favors , '' and `` we 've never operated much there , '' `` tell that to Pablo Escobar . '' Right.Colombia 's civil war and drug culture do merit attention , especially since the country is currently the # 1 recipient of U.S. aid in Latin America and one of our top military clients besides Israel . A fascinating , profound story can be pulled from the conflict , consider Gabriel Garcia Marquez 's masterful book `` News Of A Kidnapping . '' But Negret is more concerned with cool Ridley Scott-inspired flash cuts and pans , saturated images of guns , speeding cars and pounding music . We never even really understand how the bad guys materialized . The conflict involving the FARC and ELN rebels is quickly thrown at us in one rushed car conversation . All we understand , or all that Negret believes Americans need to know , is that the FARC and ELN are commies , the end . The script feels very detached or hollow , without any serious attempt at giving us a meaningful story involving what Colombians go through everyday.To be fair , there were some things that make the movie stand out . There are the beautiful settings , some great regional music , and the ending is surprising and unexpected . Some of the performances are notable , especially Tony Plana -LRB- JFK , The Disappearance Of Garcia Lorca -RRB- as Jose 's father . The moments involving Jose and Ferrera are sweet and there is a chemistry between both actors . But , it all goes to waste when the movie gets into Jerry Bruckheimer mode and does n't even give us one notable action scene.Colombia 's civil war is most certainly worth a movie or two , but `` Towards Darkness '' could take place anywhere , chances are you 've never been to Colombia , or know much about South America , which in this case is fine because you 've already seen this movie .
 Sadly disappointed by both the price -LRB- which is now dramatically reduced already -RRB- and the content . Seems things come and go much more quickly , and have little depth to them . We 're here , we 're there , we 're gone to the next event . It appears to be just an extension of the series , rather than a moving on of events , if that makes any sense . It left me with a great feeling of disatisfaction/disappointment , and if there IS a season 4 , I will probably not invest in it.I DO love the cast , and the roles they play.It 's also a big pain to have to FF through the entry , Last time on Nurse Jackie , and the credits which make up too much of the running time .
