 Jopling does an admirable job of tackling the philosophy -LRB- and , to a certain extent , the psychology -RRB- of self-knowledge . The book 's introduction lays out the general scope of his arguments and background , both of which are quite diverse . Jopling draws on many sources of inspiration but mainly focuses on some of the more recent works in this area . More telling is the section in the Introduction titled `` Four Philosophical Psychologies '' - finally , a philosopher similar to Faber -LRB- `` Objectivity and Human Perception
 In this dense , highly informative study Peter Duncan succinctly presents one of the mostimportant recurring features in Russian nationalist thought
 De Jasay 's book does an excellent job punctuating the arguments typically used to justify the state . He shows the absurdity of contractariansim -LRB- if the state is necessary to enforce contracts , then how did the state make a contract with the people for its establishment ? -RRB- . His essay `` Is Limited Government Possible ? '' is an excellent tonic for those libertarians who feel that the state can be effectively constrained by a constitution . In addition to the problem of enforcement , de Jasay highlights the disturbing tendency of the state to expand indefinitely as an increasingly smaller majority is necessary to exploit an increasingly larger minority -LRB- culminating in democracy where a coalition of 50 +1 gets to exploit the remaining 49.9 -RRB- . He also demonstrates the flaws of adopting loose limitations on government action -LRB- for instance , if governement is supposed to promote fairness , who defines `` fairness '' ? -RRB- The second part of the book highlights the functioning of social institutions and conventions that existed prior to governement and evolved independently of the state , strengthening the conclusion that people can lead peaceful , fulfilling lives without the state . I would have given this book five stars , except that it suffers from the same defect as most treatises of academic philosophy in that his writing style is often a bit dry .
 Versteegh provides a thorough and very readable overview of traditional Arabic linguistic thought from its origins in Qur ` anic exegesis in the 8th century CE through the use of Arabic linguistic theory in the description of other languages in the 14th century CE . Each chapter in the book begins with a translation of a representative document or fragment , followed by a commentary placing the text in its historical frame of reference and constrasting the ideas with those of other -LRB- period -RRB- scholars and modern linguistic theory . These are presented in chronological order , building on the previous as the theories evolved.The collection does not assume a strong knowledge in Arabic or Western linguistic thought , though this can of course be useful . It provides a springboard for further exploration of Arabic linguistic study and makes an excellent reference when reading more specialized works.One of the more interesting sections is Chapter 4 , `` The Debate Between Logic and Grammar . '' Here Versteegh describes the intersection of the Greek and Arabic linguistic traditions , and the heated debates that occured in Baghdad during the 10th century CE . This clearly illuminates the differences between the traditions , as well as showing the ` politics of language ' and the impact of language on national and religious identity .
 What is anthropology ? What is society , culture , language - and how are they related?In this volume , edited by the intrepid Tim Ingold , we find these issues and others debated by some of the leading anthropologists in Britain . The fact that the format is a debate , and not merely the prosaic monologue of one author after another that one usually finds in an edited volume , means that the book engages the reader on a direct level , and that the volume inevitably raises more questions than it answers - and that is as it should be.The debates are
 I 'm not one of the sort of people who falls often for heart warming . I 'm too bitter , too jaded ... too educated to be able to gush openly about kindly regard for many things . This book , though , deserves that kind of praise.As you could gather from the blurbs from magazines , this is a hundred year old book that seeks to illustrate the lives of typical , everyday -LRB- not to say uninteresting -RRB- Americans . The book is short ; it 's stories are realistic . Thus , it gives great insight into our collective ` ancestry '
 I hope this is one of many books just like this one ! Heart-warming stories , you 'll wish you 'd known the person first-hand . I 'm actually buying copies of this book for various friends that think the only history they need to know is on the History Channel!Well - written .
 This book comes Highly recommended . It gives an historical overview that most books miss . Words from the common person , struggling to survive and thrive are inspiring .
 Each story is engaging and interesting . The stories are about urban and rural life . The most wonderful aspect of these acccounts are how much in common we have as human beings and immigrants . The same struggles and hardships are experienced regardless of ethnicity , an eye opening read .
 It shipped well , and the book was in good condition , it was obvious that it was used , but in the sense like a 2 year old school textbook . Good stuff all in all.I also like how it was annotated at certain points , it helped me find out a few things I could not get when I read through a couple of sections . I highly recommended this seller .
 What elements make up a terrific boss ? M. David Dealy is VP of Transport for the Burlington Northern Santa Fe Railroad and co-author Andrew R. Thomas serves on the international business faculty of the University of Akron , so they blend scholarly savvy with applied business experience to analyze the question of elements which make exceptional bosses . These elements , outlined deftly in Defining The Really Great Boss , include high ethical standards , an ability to learn from mistakes , and the ability to approach their own superiors with action plans rather than complaints . Every boss should read Defining The Really Great Boss for insights on their own advancement .
 A colleague of mine recommended this book and I was pleasantly pleased to have read it . Unlike many of the pretentious , ivory tower books on leadership that seem to dominate the shelves , this one was written from the front lines . A super book for any boss , regardless of where they work or what title they hold .
 This book approaches consumer boycotts from an academic perspective . Meaning that it is not the easiest of reads and it is definitely not a `` how-to '' book . On the other hand it should be helpful to those interested in looking at different strategic approaches to be used in different situations . I think my two biggest complaints are that there are not summaries of each chapter and that the history of boycotts is attached at the end of the book.I teach Business Administration at the University of Southern Mississippi and was interested in the how-to 's of boycotts . While the internet is filled with pages on how-to organize boycotts there is precious little info on what makes for EFFECTIVE boycotts . One Size does NOT Fit All!This book fills that gap by providing stories of past boycotts , how they were organized , and describing their effectiveness . My favorite story in Friedman 's book was of Rev. Don Wildmon 's attempts to clean up television programming and how he backed into an extremely effective method of keeping the targets of the boycott a secret -LRB- be advised this only worked because of the size of his operation and some unusual factors that he was not in control of -RRB- . Wildmon 's response to the TV networks claims of `` censorship '' is the basis for all consumer boycotts in a free society.From a lay reader perspective , I would recommend that any reader avoid reading the book in order . Rather , read the book 's first chapter -LRB- definitions -RRB- , second chapter -LRB- factors affecting success -RRB- , last chapter -LRB- historical perspective on tactics -RRB- and then the rest of the book or the parts that you feel are most applicable to your situation.I also recommend reading each chapter and then making a summary of what you learned -LRB- on index cards would probably be best -RRB- so that you do n't have to re-read the entire book at a later date looking for the parts that are interesting to you.It may seem that I am nit-picking this book to death , but Forewarned is Fore-armed . Aside from the drawbacks I have described , there are n't many other choices for those considering boycotts to consult that have the breadth of Friedman 's book . It is an important contribution to the study of various types of consumer boycotts and their effectiveness and will likely be the standard text on the subject for at least a decade .
 If you are looking for a book to expand your ideas about education beyond hackneyed discussions of NCLB and longer school days , then Kincheloe 's RETHINKING INTELLIGENCE is a great choice . The essays in this collection are effective for the following reasons
 A cogent , articulate work comparing and contrasting elder care in vastly divergent cultures . Not just for the academic reader , the selected papers are surprising accessable . Pleasurable and fascinating .
 This book offers a detailed look at the agents of change in two Chicago neighborhoods . By rigorously analyzing the measures of improvement in the quality of life of these neighborhoods , the author increases our awareness and knowledge of how neighborhood change and stability occurs . I would recommend this book to anyone working in this field who wishes to broaden their knowledge and increase their effectiveness .
 Through statistical and qualitative analysis , this book illustrates the importance of community-wide development as a key to the economic rejuvenation of the inner city . The analysis is comprehensive and provides an excellent resource for individuals and entities involved in community development .
 If you 're a public radio fan wanting to know what Garrison Keillor is really like , or how angry Bob Edwards actually got when he exited Morning Edition unwillingly after almost 25 years as host , this is not the book for you . It is a highly readable , highly personal perspective on the philosophies and politics that shaped NPR and made public radio a force in American media . Those most apt to appreciate it are among the thousands of people who have been employed in public radio over the last 30 years -- including career veterans who will recognize the names and remember the events that Mitchell recalls .
 Good Book . Easy reading . I learned thinkg I never knew about the public broadcasting industry that I needed to learn for a paper I was writing . interesting .
 Jack Mitchell paints a vivid picture of public radio and its evolution . As a former Wisconsin Public Radio reporter who worked under Mitchell , it was an enlightening book , indeed . He accurately describes the news philosophy of public radio and deftly addresses the ridiculous bias claims constantly leveled against public radio . More importantly , though , Listener Supported explains how this rare medium ever developed in the first place . This is an especially important book because commercial talk radio , where loud opinion with no credentials reigns , is having a negative effect on reasoning ability . As we lose newspapers , there will be fewer and fewer outlets for news produced by journalists who seek out facts . Mitchell 's book makes the case for why public radio is an essential ingredient in our democracy , and more important than ever .
 LISTENER SUPPORTED provides a useful -LRB- if somewhat dry -RRB- account of National Public Radio 's development from its difficult birth in 1967 to the end of the 20th century . Mitchell has impeccable insider credentials for the task
 This is a book not to be missed by those wanting to understand why Harding was elected . Harding , viewed by several political bosses as the `` best of the second-raters , '' had many on-going adulterous relationships that needed covering up , not to mention his inability to really connect with the public . His tendency to , in his words , `` bloviate '' when speaking , was , in reality , speaking without substance . Albert D. Lasker was brought in by the Republican Committee to fix that , with his public relations and advertising expertise.Lasker was the past-master of what became known as `` reason why '' advertising , celebrity endorsements , and pre-emptive claims . All of these techniques were used in the Harding front-porch campaign.Albert Lasker is usually never mentioned by Harding biographers , but if you want to know how Harding , our worst president , could get elected , this book answers that question .
 This book tells the story of an Egyptian Islamic scholar who was condemned to death in Egypt for his liberal views regarding the Qur ` an . He and his wife escaped to Holland where they now live in exile , and he teaches Islamic thought at the universities of Leiden and Utrecht . His life story is told in the first person as he recounts it to a Western Scholar , Esther Nelson . Professor Nelson lives between two worlds , the USA and Saudi Arabia . I recommend the book as an exciting and revealing look at Islam from the inside . I give it 5 stars for its courage , honesty , and creative suggestions for the future of Islam .
 Dr. Nasr Zaid and Professor Nelson have provided a realistic and sobering view of the dangers of an Egyptian scholar applying modern `` western '' literary and historical criticism techniques to the Quran . By telling his life story , these two authors not only give the reader a wonderful feel for what life was like in Egypt during the last half of the twentieth century , but also the trials and dangers of questioning the religious authority in an Islamic country . In addition , Dr. Nasr 's life speaks to all disenfranchised or persecuted people , regardless of their religious beliefs.I thoroughly enjoyed this book
 As Abu Nasr Zaid 's story takes shape on the pages of this remarkable book , readers become aquainted with a man of great integrity , deep human kindness , and commitment to the importance of applying intellect to matters of faith and belief . Esther Nelson 's telling is captivating . Not only do readers meet , in Abu Nasr Zaid , a devoted Muslim who is sharply critical of the unexamined application of sacred texts to contemporary circumstances , but we also come to like him . It is as though we are at the kitchen table with Zaid and Nelson , privy to personal stories of growth and challenge , travel , loss , and learning , all told with the sense of an endearing humanity . This is an important book for its contribution to our understanding of Islam today - and it 's fun to read .
 It 's discouraging to shift through all the disinformation regarding Islam , Middle East , and related issues commonly found in the news today.However , Esther Nelson 's book represents a great departure from this overworn path . `` Reflections on Islam '' reveals an fascinating , well balanced view of the Middle East and Islam through the perspective of an extremely relevant individual - Dr. Nasr . Gone is the typical propaganda , gross generalizations , and antagonism which have accompanied a publication in this subject matter . The complexities of human emotion , the hopes , dreams and disappointments which are universal human truths are so beautiful articulated in this book.Esther Nelson and Nasr Abu Zaid should be commended for bringing this important point of view to the public consciousness . If you are a reader who wants to see past the anti-Islamic propaganda and the radical Islamic theology , for a more sophisticated understanding of Islam and the Middle East , this book will satisify your search for a balanced , relevant perspective .
 As a victim of pediatric doctor-patient sexual abuse , I 'm always glad to see this covert issue discussed . However , this book , did not provide enough information to help in my case . Of the few texts I 've discovered of this issue , abusive mental health professionals are explored more often than doctors who give physical exams . The sections dealing with abusive mental health professionals and clergy are excellent . However , Betrayl of Trust could have discussed abuse within other doctor-patient relationships more thoroughly . Issues such as appropriate , feasible ways of seeking legal retaliation -LRB- which in my experience is none -RRB- , problems of limitation statutes , and the dangerous possibility of posting the medical abuser 's name on the world wide web are neglected . Though the book did not provide much useful information for me , I give four stars to the authors for having the courage to write on these important matters .
 Sexual exploitation is a subject that is difficult to understand for many , yet is one that needs to be discussed in both the professional and general public areas . the authors outlined the topic and explained in detail an easy to follow approach covering the issues in each segment with detail . A guide that both the client and professional will find a great deal of information in
 Helpful , thoughtful book that gives a thorough discussion of key issues , very useful . I found it to be one of the best that I read among the number of books I looked at on this issue .
 This is a spectacular piece of work , the first realistic treatment of the problem in many years . Van Belle is the only political scientist in my experience who actually treats his discipline like a science instead of a liberal art that suffers from physics-envy . Imagine this -- a wealth of robust , original data , careful hyopthesis-tesing , and a breadth of treatment that could only come from a political scientist who is also trained/experienced in international business and physics.The first two reviews -LRB- written in the same style , so perhaps the same bozo ? -RRB- could not have been written by anyone who even read the title of Van Belle 's book . The first two are hardly meaningful reviews.BRAVO to Van Belle .
 Ted Floyd offers these comments : The modern ecologist is tugged at by two opposing forces . On the one hand , there is the continued movement toward hyper-specialization-of sub-disciplines within the field of ecology , of different lab groups and research centers , of individual ecologists themselves . On the other hand , there are ever-increasing cries for an approach that emphasizes the search for principles and paradigms that are broadly applicable across multiple ecological systems.Piper
 `` Tom Brown 's School Days '' ? , That 's junenile fiction . That 's a kid running down a merry lane in England with a satchel on his back , right ? So wrong . How could this classic piece of little literature have escaped my attention ? A stunning book about a boy 's life in boarding school in mid 19th Century England , it tells it 's adolescence tale with all the discipline of a Cub Scout Manual and whimsy of a comic book . Author Hughes frequently stops the action and intercedes on behalf of himself , commenting on the progress of the story as a teacher might . His defense of boys boxing with hard fists and fractured skulls is so socially incorrect it becomes amusing in it 's conviction . Maybe skulls were harder then . A good knock-a-round is good for a boy . But school-yard fights aside , this is an adult piece of classic literature with a deeply moral narrative and a devoted sense of well-being . In it 's second century of publication , it is a breath of fresh air .
 For the last five generations this has been the book every British parent wanted their sons to read , and Tom Brown is the mold which every parent wanted their sons to fit . He loves his parents . He attends church . He is a good student . He is kind to his juniors and respectful of his seniors . He is a true sportsman , and always plays fair . He is the beloved of his headmaster at Rugby school , Mr. Arnold , and Arnold himself is elevated by his mentorship of young Tom . He has an unbounded future , like Britain herself . Yes , it is an idealistic view of youth , but part of a parent 's responsibility is surely to instill idealism , along with everything else.To more effectively enshrine his protagonist in glory , to place in relief his exceptionalism , to show the depravity of his antognist , and to put a human face on the Devil , Hughes also gives us Harry Flashman . While it was Tom 's popularity which created the book 's commercial success for the last five generations , my guess is that it will be George McDonald Fraser 's references to Tom and Arnold , in his series of Flashman books , which will draw the contemporary reader 's attention . Harry cheats and lies ; he 's a bully ; he drinks , and is ultimately expelled from Rugby School for drunkeness . Please refer to Fraser 's book , `` Flashman , '' and the rest of the series of Flashman books to see how young Harry turned out . Not so bad actually . The Victoria Cross , highly respected , and extremely wealthy.Naturally , this is far from Hughes ' intent in creating a counterpart to the ideal child , but the existence of such a child as Tom Brown creates a disequilibrium in nature , which requires remedy . The reader will need to decide for himself whether the prototype of good or evil is more compelling . `` Tom Brown 's School Days '' was a book of idealism for young boys at the turn of the 20th century . `` Flashman '' is a book of realism -LRB- okay , of humor , too -RRB- for the modern rogue at the turn of the 21st . Read both for the clash of perspectives .
 I am often amazed that this wonderful classic is so often overlooked . The author 's style and syntax is pure Victorian , through and through with wonderfully convoluted sentences , and indeed , paragraphs . This work , which takes place during the mid 1800s , circa 1840 , is the story of a young man in a English Public School -LRB- which , unlike in the U.S. is actually a private school to which only the elite can afford to attend -RRB- and his adventures at this school . This of course is a boarding school . While not absolute , this work is obviously autobiographical in nature . When this work is read , the reader must keep in mind when it was written , the society in which it was written and most importantly , the attitude of the society in which it was written . I was first introduced to this work well over forty years ago and have given it several reads since that time . I strongly suspect that many young readers of today may find the syntax difficult at first , but if they press on , there is so much to learn from this book . As another reviewer well pointed out , some of the events addressed here are not what you would call `` politically correct '' by our standards to day in this country , but then we must remember when and where it was written . Any student of the history of literature or a student of our language will most likely be fascinated with this work . I highly recommend .
 Really interesting if you 've read Harry Potter . It 's a precursor for all school adventure books for children . Interesting historical piece .
 Overall , not a bad read . The author tends to wander away from the story and gets too descriptive about a lot of superfluous things . It was particularly annoying at the start-I kept wondering when the real story would begin . It 's definitely not a fast moving book . There are also a lot of 19th century terms that keeps one referring to the dictionary or Wikipedia on a regular basis . I certainly learned a few new words .
 I had decided to re-read some childhood classics . Today I just finished reading `` Tom Brown 's School Days '' . I read it first as a 12 year old 8th , grader , and struggled with the literary style . Today I was pleasantly amazed and entertained with that same style and vocabulary and found the subject not only entertaining and humorous but a stimulant to memories of my grades 1-6 one room shoolhouse days as well especally where natural setting and outdoor activities were detailed . Wonderful story ! A good read for anyone . I heartily recommend it .
 I have enjoyed this book very much . It was one of those classics that I thought I had read , but indeed had not . I prefer literature written prior to the 20th century .
 Do n't seek any academic insights from this book . This is a piece of pure entertainment , full of memories and anecdotes that can brighten up a hundred dinner tables over the years . Hoveyda was a founder of France 's snootiest film review , the Cahiers du Cinema , but writes with the ease and wit of a free spirit . While recalling his friendship with many of the innovative film-makers of the last century , Hoveyda also debunks some of the myths about the New Wave and independent cinema . A READER IN LONDON
 With the `` Hidden Meaning of Mass Communications , '' Exiled Iranian diplomat-writer Fereydoun Hoveyda has come out with a refreshing and most enticing undertaking on the Cinema and other stirring subjects affecting contemporary society . Hoveyda is a former contributor and renowned critic of the Cahiers du Cin&eacute;ma , a French magazine that has highly influenced contemporary cinematic theory and technique . According to Hoveyda who has always refused to be a censor , `` criticism can achieve responsible objectives by shifting in time , by taking place not at the beginning but towards the end of a film 's run . It is not a matter of predetermining the viewer 's choice , but of engaging in a dialogue with him about the work he has seen . `` In this new book , Hoveyda 's many delightful anecdotes , observations and memories are enticing , and remarkably his revealing relationship between film and dreams are new and very stimulating ideas . Do you know that when you sleep , you become a cinematographer , directing and inventing your mental images ? Thus , it could be that exiled Hoveyda presently lives in one land but may well dream in another ! That 's a wonderful idea and there are many more in the book . For example , `` light '' being a character in a film ! The last chapter too is of high interest for it deals on how the computer age has changed film , art , literature and our entire way of life . We are no longer in the age of the Cahiers du Cin&eacute;ma . Much research went into this very personal and useful work , surely with the advent of wonderful new techniques it may well turn into an e-book made available to all , with all the amazing photographs included.Guy Revol Paris - October 17 , 2000
 This is a charming collection of a lifetime of thoughts about cinema , literature and TV by one of the founders of the famous Cahier de Cinema . Hoveyda was a film critic for years , and tells personal anecdotes about Truffaut , Godard , Rosselini , etc.Some of the more whimsical thoughts are
 Excellent book shipped in excellent time in excellent condition.Although it was several years old , it still had enough valuable information to help me get an A on my college-level project on Thailand .
 The continuing significance of these authors ' texts suggest their power to stimulate our own desire for renewal . Taylor 's vision of alchemical regeneration recalls the sense of self as soul , illustrated in Thomas Moore 's best-seller , The Care of the Soul . Poe 's use of alchemical tropes underscores the value of imagination as a means of transformation . Hawthorne 's alchemy reminds us of the magical quality of love - capable of transforming the coldest , hardest heart into warm flesh and blood . And Fuller 's alchemy offers an affirmation of individual dignity and responsibility . Coincidentally , C.G. Jung 's work with psychology and alchemy during the mid-twentieth century ushered in a `` new age '' of spiritual quests for enlightenment recalling the alchemical themes of Taylor , Poe , Hawthorne , and Fuller .
 This book gives an excellent overview of many aspects of Spain , in chapters entitled Context -LRB- geographic setting , languages spoken , etc. -RRB- , Religion , Customs , Media , Cinema , Literature , Performing Arts , and Visual Arts . Particular attention is given to the changes in these respects that have taken place during the years of societal transition from 1975 and onward . It should thus not be thought of as a traveling guide . Each chapter is followed by a list of references documenting the stuff presented
 Although you would n't know it from my family name , I grew up in the American Southwest next to the Mexican border . This close proximity coupled with my Mom reading me a kid 's version of `` The Conquest of Mexico '' -LRB- the old and wonderful ` You are there ' series -RRB- resulted in myself embracing Mexican history as a hobby and side-line for historical research which has consumed more and more of my time as I get older.One of the first things that becomes quite apparent when researching the history of Mexico is the lack of comprehensive non-politicized material about Mexico or the Mexican revolution . Virtually everything you 're going to read this side of the border has a leftist slant that often borders on Cuban style communism.This has always irked me because Mexico is NOT Cuba and the Mexican revolution and it 's origins are unique to the Mexican people and their culture . American University professors with their archaic leftist 1960 's view of Latin America often color and frequently ruin what would otherwise be good accounts of the revolution by injecting what is now a bunch of out-dated Che Guevara style `` new-speak '' into the conversation . It 's particularly insulting because the Mexican revolution took a distinctly Mexican form which is fascinating to research . The Revolution was n't some Marxist-Leninist approach to social inequality , it was a very unique , often innovative Mexican response to a system of painfully unequal , soul-crushing social dis-enfranchisement of everybody save the very wealthy that literally took about a hundred years to manifest.Marx did n't inspire the Mexican revolution , Juarez , Madero , Zapata , Pancho Villa and Carranza did . None of these men , including Zapata , were Marxists . They were Mexican Patriots who developed a unique Mexican social revolution ... a revolution which although flawed , ultimately succeed , with Obregon and Elias Calles stabilizing the war-torn nation.My search to find a `` facts only '' approach to Mexican history which emphasizes the Mexicans and not Marxism lead me to this wonderful , concise book by Juana Vasquez-Gomez . Her `` Dictionary of Mexican Rulers '' avoids the American University Latin American studies pit-fall completely and is a refresing , facts only approach to Mexican history which is also very user friendly in that it traces the entire course of Mexican history , beginning with the Aztecs , through to 1997 by focusing on the individuals ruling Mexico during this period of time . This is accomplished by setting up a dictionary that is in historically chronological order . This makes it easy to find who you are looking for , and put that person into a historical context.This set up also makes it ideal for the Non-Spanish speaking Mexican American -LRB- yes , there are a lot of you out there , I know -RRB- to find out more about their own fascinating history while simultaneously reading the life stories of everybody who ruled Mexico beginning with the legendary Tenoch and ending with Ernesto Zedillo.Sadly there are no illustrations in the book , but the very good , digestable summations of specific Mexican historical periods more than makes up for this . For example , at the start of the book you get a marvelous , detailed , easily accessable summation of Aztec culture , including their religious institutions and -LRB- important from my slant ... I 'm a military history guy -RRB- their military organization ! There is also a summation of the Conquest and the colonization of Mexico . And remember ... this is all on top of a running chronology of the individual persons running Mexico ! It 's really an amazing approach and one I 'd like to see other dictionaries of this sort use.The uniqueness of this approach literally allows you to read through ALL of Mexican History up to the revolution while living through and understanding the lives of all the rulers who are guiding Mexico towards this unique historical flash point . And all this is in a book only 191 pages long ! -LRB- The average college text book trying to attempt this would be at least 500 plus pages . -RRB- What makes the book even better is the fact that Vasquez-Gomez also includes sketches of important people in Mexican history who , while technically speaking were NOT rulers , were very influential in the course of Mexican history . -LRB- Two stand outs here are Emiliano Zapata and Doroteo Arango -LRB- Pancho Villa -RRB- both of whom are covered in the dictionary . -RRB- Sure there are a couple of omissions ... I was hoping there 'd be an entry about Pascual Orozoco , the infamous leader of the Colorados but there is n't . However , given the fact that Vasquez-Gomez had to cover all of Mexican History in only 191 pages , this is understandable . In addition , there is enough information about Orozoco under other entries in the dictionary to help the researcher to establish a starting point for research on this movement.I strongly feel that the few omissions that Vasquez-Gomez made are quite understandable given the concise format of the dictionary and do not detract at all from my evaulation of the text.If there is any drawback to this book , it 's the fact that many vendors charge way , way too much for this book , especially a new copy.I believe that this book would be a good investment only if you buy it at a REASONABLE PRICE ! Some of the vendors really , really overcharge you for this book . So click on that vendor list and do some comparative shopping and do n't hesitate to buy a used copy . I bought a used copy that is in `` like new shape '' for $ 15.00 ! If you can find a copy at a reasonable price it 's a great gift for the young Mexican-American student in either Middle or High School who is becoming interested in their homeland 's political history.One final thing , in this age of politicization of virtually everything , Vasquez-Gomez is to be applauded . She is a true historian ... neither a leftist nor a right-winger . All you get are the facts , which is all any historical researcher ever truly needs.But remember !!!!!
 The role of public schools in a democratic society is undergoing scrutiny on a scale never before seen in this country . Do schools exist primarily to educate thinking voters or to provide docile workers for multinational corporations ? Kenneth J. Saltman reveals the real motives of neoliberals who are behind the carefully orchestrated campaign to privatize all schools under the guise of helping children . It 's a true story that contains all the elements of a thriller movie . And the author tells it exceedingly well , using the Edison Schools as the focal point . Concerned citizens need to read `` The Edison Schools '' in conjunction with the excellent `` Why Is Corporate America Bashing Our Public Schools ? '' by Kathy Emery and Susan Ohanian . Both books describe how corporations are hijacking American education . While Saltman confines his case to the Edison Schools , Emery and Ohanian go beyond one company in delivering a compelling manifesto.Walt Gardner taught for 28 years in the Los Angeles Unified School District and was a lecturer in the UCLA Graduate School of Education .
 Saltman has left no stone unturned in his examination of Edison Schools . From the business practices and economic theory behind the very idea of privatizing schools to the curricular and pedagogical theory that drive the schools ' daily activities , he covers every aspect of Edison and of Chris Whittle 's mission . Saltman 's writing is detailed and thorough , defending and proving his arguments with ample evidence and providing ideas for the future of schooling in America.Very readable -LRB- even if you do n't like non-fiction -RRB- , well-organized and absolutely indispensible in the discussion of school privatization .
 If you are an artist , art educator , or enjoy thinking about the arts , this book will take you to that other place .
 In `` Childhood '' Jenks stabs at the heart of sociology 's obsession with mythology , this time in the form of childhood . By providing a concise , if inaccessible , analysis of why and how sociologists , psychologists , and educators conceive of children , Jenks encourages a critical examination of the assumptions behind many institutions . This book provides necessary support for conversations about youth rights , civic engagement , and the roles of young people throughout society . It is a powerful tool for the determined popular reader , and an introductory lever for the academic . Suggested follow-up reading?Evolving Capacities of the Childby Gerrison Lansdown .
 Note first this review is based on 2nd Edition Paperback version which cost me about 18 -LRB- UK -RRB- . I would not give 5 stars if I had to pay the ridiculous amount the hardback version seems to be costing -LRB- $ 141 -RRB- . I think this is essential reading for all technical authors . It is not a reference guide but it covers a lot of common problems that one comes across when writing technical documents , such as excessive nominalization , abstraction , excessive use of premodifiers etc. . So it is a good background into the reasons why these things are wrong and it gives suggestions as to solutions . This material will not be covered by ordinary grammar and style guides so for this reason I give it 5 stars at the price I paid for it.By the author ofCall me Aphrodite
 I 've just started a PhD and am finding this book fills lots of gaps . Useful from the first day until write up . Easy to read . You may find other texts more detailed than this one , but this offers a good source of information that should be , but is probably not , supplied in orientation .
 Dewan and his co-authors provide a great overview of the field but even those outside of behavioral healthcare would benefit from reading this book . This is what the healthcare super information highway is really about . Dewan is a true visionary . A must read .
 love . love it . it 's a very nice product . arrived in good condition . description is accurate . very good book . will recommend to my friends .
 ... and next time you visit Eindhoven I 'll prepare you a fabulous dinner ! groetjes , Jeroen
 Reuters Oddly Enough sends wacky , entertaining news stories to your Kindle each weekday -LRB- sometimes several a day ! -RRB- . Most of them are short and great for when you just have a minute or two for reading . It seems like almost every story is a `` Wow , you 're not gon na believe THIS one ! '' and I find myself reading them over to my fiancee and family . For all that , the price is excellent and having it delivered to the Kindle is very convenient ! Enjoy !
 Everyday I enjoy Kindling to this Reuter 's feature and seeing what odd , strange or funny/weird story has been uncovered . Sort of like The Onion , but all true . The price is great for having such delightfully strange and true stories on your Kindle each day .
 Der Service ist klasse , neue Zeitung immer bereits spaet am Vorabend verfuegbar . Super hilfreich auch auf Reisen . Zeitung ist inhaltlich sehr gut.Verbesserumgsvorschlaege : - Bilder und Graphiken -LRB- insbes . Wirtschaftsteil -RRB- sollten auch in Europa uebertragen werden - Angebot sollte um Sonntagszeitung ergaenzt werden
 This paper is the best link to what is going on in Germany , Europe and the world ; from a Deutchen perspective . The formate is very good and the articals are many , informative and well writen.As a side note
 This is a great resource for people learning German and for those who are fluent . The paper has great breadth and depth and is very enjoyable to read .
 i would n't use this often enough to subscribe by month or year , but it 's really cool to be at an airport and think `` hmm , I 'm bored , I 'd like to read Frankfurter Zeitung '' -LRB- or London Times , etc -RRB- on the next flight , and pop , in a few seconds you have it . That 's neat .
 Kindle DX is a nice tool . But as many have already written , please provide for the FAZ and the Handelsblatt subscription the pictures and tables . Also books will not be delivered with graphs , pictures and tables . I would never buy a textbook without this feature .
 The FAZ is great . I had subscribed to the print version and it was not only expensive , but a labor of love to read -LRB- as it was often a week behind the times -RRB- . More choices in German would be much welcomed by this user . Books , newspapers and a dictionary . I do n't think I will be able to give up my print Spiegel though , expensive as it may be ...
 The FAZ is a great beginning , and I HOPE it 's just the beginning.Newspapers on paper from overseas are very expensive due to shipping costs , and they always arrive with some delay . The Kindle edition will allow me to pay for the content , rather than for the material and the shipping , AND read the magazines or newspapers when they appear.I hope Der Spiegel is next ...
 Reading the newspaper on my -LRB- b/w -RRB- Kindle Keyboard turned out to be a great idea . The Frankfurter Allgemeine has an index which is easy to navigate . The articles are extremely educational . The best feature is the Kindle dictionary which allows me to look up words by pressing a button . Political and Wirtschaft words are difficult , so the dictionary helps greatly when I read Frankfurter Allgemeine . Also , buying individual issues is necessary for me , since I do not have a credit card online . Maybe FAZ could devise a way for me to pay for a single issue -LRB- $ .70 -RRB- without using a credit card , perhaps a special FAZ credit account . A mailing address for postal money orders could be posted on the website .
 Mittlerweile enthalten alle Ausgaben auch Bilder und Tabellen . Die Navigation ist durchdacht und sehr &uuml;bersichtlich . Ich bin seit den letzten Verbesserungen von der Print - auf die Kindle-Ausgabe umgestiegen . Auf diesem Wege m&ouml;chte ich ein herzliches Dankesch&ouml;n an die Redaktion der FAZ richten !
 When you live in CA , you have the chance to read the FAZ already in the evening -LRB- time zones -RRB- . It 's a great newspaper and for all German speaker a fantastic opportunity to read something in German without a PC close by .
 &#34; one of those academics &#34; reviewer mentioned that there seems to be no sunday issue of FAZ . that 's right.there is a &#34; Frankfurter Allgemeine Sonntagszeitung &#34; available as hardcopy in a different format , but not for the kindle .
 Into German ? Own a Kindle ? Get this paper.You will enjoy it .
 -LRB- excuse for the many grammatical mistakes I am bound to make in my review below , but I shall practice my german . -RRB- FAZ ist eine der besten Zeitungen aus Deutschland . Ich lerne Deutsch seit vielen Jahren , und habe immer gewuenscht , eines Tages die FAZ zu abonnieren . Trotzdem ist es immer einfach zu teuer gewesen , die FAZ in den USA per Post aus Deutschland zu bekommen.Aber Kindle hat alles ge&auml;ndert . Jetzt kann ich jeder Nacht , gerade als die Zeitung in Deutschland erscheint , die FAZ auf Kindle lesen . Fuer Studenten und Deutschen die in Amerika arbeiten ist Kindle einfach ein Traum Produkt . Zwar kann man Faz.de , spiegel.de gratis benutzen , aber das Gef&uuml;hl jeder Nacht die aktuelle Zeitung in der Hand zu haben ist traumhaft.Der anderer Reviewer hat geschrieben dass er nur nach einer ein-tagigen Versp&auml;tung die FAZ auf Kindle lesen kann , aber in meinem Fall ist es sicherlich nicht so . Ich bekomme meine FAZ sicherlich vor den meisten Deutschen.In dieser Kindle FAZ Ausgabe gibt am Tage ungef&auml;hr 60 Artikle . Ich bin nicht sicher ob diese Auflage jeden Artikle der normalen Ausgabe umfasst , aber f&uuml;r mich ist die Kindle Ausgabe v&ouml;llig ausreichend.Ein gro & szlig ; es Problem f&uuml;r mich ist dass Kindle jetzt kein deutsches woerterbuch anbietet . Mein Deutsch ist nicht so gut , deswegen bin ich ganz abh&auml;ngig von Woerterbuecher . Bitte , Jeff Bezos , gibt mir ein Deutsch W&ouml;rterbuch!Es w&uuml;rde doch noch besser wenn man &uuml;berall in der Welt die FAZ per Kindle abonnieren k&ouml;nnte . Ich w&uuml;rde auch sehr gl&uuml;cklich sein wenn Amazon ausserhalb die FAZ auch die SZ , die Welt und der Spiegel anbietet.thanks for reading my review .
 Ich wohne in Deutschland und habe mir in der ersten Welle der europ&auml;ischen Kunden Mitte Oktober den neuen Kindle bestellt , und zwar mit Blick auf dieses Abonnement ; Fazit
 Five stars for the Newspaper , but one star for Amazons international delivery.I understand , why you cut out all Images for international delivery , when it is delivered wireless . But I tried to download it to my computer and then sync it via USB to my Kindle . There are no pictures as well and I see no reason for it.Please Amazon , give international customers a chance for Newspapers and Magazines with Images . At least when you download it and sync via USB !
 Ich habe gerade mein rating auf 4 angehoben , weil ich nach einigen Tagen des Lesens , doch sehr positiv bin.Der Schl&uuml;ssel war dieses feature , das ich unten im P.S. genannt habe
 Der Bezug einer deutschen Tageszeitung war f&uuml;r mich ausschlaggebend f&uuml;r den Kauf eines Kindles . Leider gibt es davon erst zwei , jedoch mit der FAZ eine der f&uuml;hrenden Tageszeitungen in Deutschland.Deshalb habe ich den Kindle im November 2009 gekauft und gleich das FAZ-Abo bestellt.Um die Akkulaufzeit zu erh&ouml;hen , schalte ich Wireless explizit zum Download der Zeitung ein . Die Zustellung ist sehr zuverl&auml;ssig und auch in entlegenen Orten m&ouml;glich . So habe ich es z.B. im Urlaub auf Zanzibar genossen , eine tagesaktuelle Zeitung zu lesen . Ein deutlicher Vorteil gegen&uuml;ber Deutsche Welle -LRB- einziger deutscher Kanal im TV -RRB- und einer 2 Tage alten BILD -LRB- einzige Zeitung in Stonetown -RRB- . Durch den fr&uuml;hen Redaktionsschluss -LRB- eigentlich ein Nachteil -RRB- kann man schon am Abend ab ca. 22:30 Uhr die Zeitung des n&auml;chsten Tages lesen.Negativ ist mir aufgefallen , dass es keine Bilder , Tabellen -LRB- z.B. Bundesliga -RRB- , Diagramme -LRB- z.B. Aktienkurse -RRB- , Ergebnisse -LRB- z.B. Tennis -RRB- oder Wetterberichte gibt.Dass Bilder sich in h&ouml;herem Transfervolumen -LRB- Kosten -RRB- niederschlagen , leuchtet mir ein . Aber Tabellen , Ergebnisse oder Wetterberichte in Textform sollten lediglich ein paar Byte mehr sein.In den Artikeln gibt es keine Silbentrennung , d.h. einige Zeilen sehen sehr merkw&uuml;rdig aus.Mir ist aufgefallen , dass ich zum Lesen der Zeitung sehr lange brauche , da ich fast alle Artikel lese . Das passiert mir bei der Printversion nicht . Hier w&auml;re eine Gewichtigung der Artikel hilfreich.Nat&uuml;rlich m&ouml;chte ich die positiven Dinge nicht verschweigen : - Zuverl&auml;ssige und schnelle Zustellung - Sehr wenige Formatfehler -LRB- leider keine Silbentrennung und manchmal HTML-Tags im Text , z.B. nbsp -RRB- - &Uuml;bersichtliche `` Section List '' mit Sektionen und Anzahl der Artikel - `` Articels List '' mit &Uuml;berschrift und den ersten zwei Zeilen des Artikels - M&ouml;glichkeit einzelne Artikel zu speichern und Kommentare hinzuzuf&uuml;genKonkret habe ich folgende Verbesserungsvorschl&auml;ge : - Anzahl der ungelesenen Artikel in `` Section List '' neben die Gesamtzahl der Artikel der einzelnen Sektionen - Silbentrennung - Gewichtigung der relevanten Artikel -LRB- z.B. fettgedruckte oder gr&ouml; & szlig ; ere &Uuml;berschriften -RRB- . Hier w&uuml;rden u.U. auch Bilder helfen . - Mehr Informationen zu Aktien , Sport und Wetter , d.h. &Uuml;bertragen der Kurse -LRB- Aktien , W&auml;hrungen -RRB- , Ergebnisse -LRB- Bundesligen , Tennis -RRB- , Tabellen -LRB- Bundesligen -RRB- und Listen -LRB- Temperaturen -RRB- . - Ein Schmankerl k&ouml;nnte auch die Notation -LRB- am besten mit Diagrammen -RRB- von Schachpartien sein . BTW wenn Mimesweeper funktioniert , w&auml;re doch auch ein Sudoku im Kindle m&ouml;glich , oder?Wenn es aus Kostengr&uuml;nden -LRB- Transfervolumen -RRB- nicht m&ouml;glich ist , Bilder , Tabellen , Diagramme , Ergebnisse , oder Wetterberichte zu versenden , w&auml;re ich auch gerne bereit , etwas mehr zu bezahlen.Vielleicht w&auml;ren zwei Versionen denkbar : - FAZ light -LRB- nur Text -RRB- - FAZ premium -LRB- mit Bildern , etc. -RRB- gegen Aufpreis -LRB- 5-10 $ -RRB- Fazit
 Interesting daily , technology-related news for those who like to keep on top of the latest announcements from the tech world . So far the most interesting such blog I have have found for the Kindle . `` Reuters Technology '' for Kindle provides frequent updates , with articulate and pertinent articles . Highly recommended for tech fans .
 Imperial Designs contains the best information on the history and rise to power of the present US government . As it is written by an impartial historian , it is thus much more valid than Mr. Mann 's Rise of the Vulcans , as Mr. Mann is himself a member of the Project for the New American Century cabal .
 Bjorgo 's collection is an excellent one . It covers most of the major topics that are important for terrorism today . The contributors to the volume are generally experts in the field . To its credit the book does not focus overly much on either the Middle East or Islam ; it considers other types of terrorism in other geographical regions . The book is nicely balanced in this regard .
 What this well written academic book does , is that it gives the reader insight into the broad spectrum of the phenomena of terrorism and the theories behind its roots causes -- utilizing several international academics whom incorporate , overall , sound methodologies that support and challenge various terrorism theories that have emerged over the last several decades . The only negative critique I propose is that its contributing scholars are predominantly liberal in orientation -LRB- which is not necessarily inaccurate in and of itself -RRB- -- but the contributions of such leading American experts , the likes of Brian Jenkins and Bruce Hoffman , are missing .
 This is a fascinating and comprehensive look at the history of modern American education during its most formative time ... roughly the first half of the 20th century.What is most striking to me is that the debates I see in schools and classrooms today were fought on a national scale during this time . This is an important book for anyone who wants background on the relationship among philosophy , values , methods , content , educational practices , and institutions.You can see the history of many of the fundamental elements of modern American concepts of schools -LRB- grades , subjects , testing -RRB- . Looking at this history and seeing the causes , people , decisions , and debates -- how our assumptions are a construct -- can expand a reader 's concept about what is currently possible . For example , viable models of education based on child development that are now echoed by contemporary calls for more learner-centered pedagogy were steamrolled with factory models based on calls for `` efficiency . '' It 's grist for expanding your thinking about what is possible today in education ... at least is was for me.It 's a good read as well ... you 'll be writing in the margins and underlining passages , even if you do n't have a paper due .
 Kliebard 's `` Struggle '' , now in its third edition , is considered by most to be one of THE most important books about the history of American education . Starting in the early 1890 's with the Committee of Ten , Kliebard gives the reader a coherent version of a rather complex story , the story of how four factions have competed to build American schools in their own image . Interestingly , Kliebard shows how each faction was able to have profound influnece on public education and how we think about education in general.Those who believe that schools should be a place where young people are intellectually engaged in worthwhile learning for the ultimate purpose of developing active democratic citizens may walk away from the book a little depressed since Kliebard does seem to indicate that the factions who believe schools are meant to 1 -RRB- prepare young people for jobs 2 -RRB- secure American hegemony in the global marketplace , or 3 -RRB- indoctrinate students to be obediant patriots who conform blindly to whatever adults tell them are the ones who in the end have had the most influence on what our children are actually doing -LRB- or not doing -RRB- in public schools . Kliebard 's quote of Joel Spring in the Afterword rings true for democratic educators who have dedicated their lives to improving education for the common good . Spring contends that the `` social efficiency '' faction has left such a deep impression on American education that any efforts at reform are hopeless because there are certain organizational features of our schools which we take for granted as normative inhibit freedom and individuality and demand social adaptation.At any rate , this book is great for anyone who wants to learn more about the deep history of why our schools look the way they do and who is patient enough to read through an intelligent and scholarly work .
 The Struggle for the American Curriculum is not a book to entertain ; it is a book to be read in order to understand the sordid history that begat today 's subject-oriented , objective-laden , test-obsessed curricula . Kliebard reveals the American curriculum is not neutral . It was the results of many tense compromises -LRB- between racist pseudo-scientists and ideologues -RRB- and economic exigencies -LRB- the rise of industry , the Great Depression , and the Cold War -RRB- . The curriculum that emerged from these struggles was a highly politicized animal , often divorced from actual research , teacher input , and students ' needs . Perhaps the most tragic irony is how little we seem to have learned from these past struggles ; in the ongoing debates on curriculum reform , we 're racing back to where we started.The Struggle for the American Curriculum helped me understand the multifaceted power relationships that shape curriculum . No longer do I see American curriculum as a neutral entity . Whether it is Charles Elliot reifying the Western ethnocentrism in the Committees of 10 and 15 , or the Texas Board of Education approving ethnocentric history textbooks in today 's draconian test culture , we can not shake the value-laden decisions that prize one group 's knowledge over another . Most frightening is the pervasive sense of d&eacute;j&agrave; vu I felt in reading Kliebard 's book . The curricular reforms we believe will ameliorate inequality are too often the ghosts of races already run . In our efforts to close achievement gaps , we may be stuck perpetuating them .
 Keliebard 's book introduces the readers to the long history of American education . Essentially , education was something the wealthy used to keep their places in life , but eventually as education became more widespread , it became problematic and the fight for the American Curriculum began to take shape.With its many twist and turns , the reader is given a glimpse into why education is the way it is , and the many voices and philosophies that helped shape it into its current hegemonic institution . The movement that has left the widest and most permanent imprint on education is that of social efficiency , rooted in the concepts of the Industrial Revolution - get them in and get them out . Sadly , that is the way things truly are.The battle goes on . Recommended for anyone questioning the underlying beliefs of our current educational system .
 This reference text should be compulsory for any student -LRB- or politician for that matter -RRB- of political science or political philosophy.David Robertson has performed an extraordinary piece of work by breaking down ; illuminating political terms that through history have been misunderstood or interpreted by governments , depending on a particular regime vying for power , i.e. , the USSR and China that , to a large extent , do not even resemble communism as devised by Karl Marx . Communism apart from democracy are the most misinterpreted and propagandized political ideologies in history.Robertson leaves no stone unturned , so to speak , providing user friendly language that is easily accessible for most readers.To move even further in praise of this text
 I 'm as hardened a reader as the next , but sometimes life throws one a curve and you just want to curl up with something magical which will be uplifting and * happy * . Not only are these stories uplifting and happy but they are written with wonderful language . I am so sick of the word `` fisted '' in chic lit -LRB- `` he fisted his hands in her hair '' ... it is halfway between fight night and school yard brawls ... THAT is modern romance ? ugh -RRB- ... this is softer , dreamier and perfect for winter 's end . I wish we had more of these out of time , out of space ADULT fairy tales .
 Great stories from the story teller herself . A world apart is one of my absolute favorites . It 's a true romance . Pick up any boo k by Nora Roberts and you 've picked up an adventure in romance , fantasy , and intrigue .
 Excellent condition with Fast shipping . Very good story would definitely recommend to others . Nora Roberts is an excellent author , who has the ability to bring characters to life .
 This has 3 great stories of love and magic and true destiny . Each one shows how if you believe in love than anything is worth it in the end .
 I love these stories with magick and love . It truly leaves you with a wonderful feeling .
 Another heart filled love story that opens the closed doors of the heart and fills it with true warmth and compatation .
 This is another book by Lavyrle Spencer that does not disappoint . Each book of hers that I 've read has an interesting group of characters , and each book has it 's own characters , location and story , so you do n't have to worry about reading them in sequence.There 's a wonderful life lesson in each book . If you like romances for grown-ups , you can not go wrong with one of Spencer 's .
 I purchased a book with two stories in one . It was slow in the beginning , but as I read through pages , it became a very moving story to remember in your life time . If you have experienced ever being hurt by men with whom you trusted deeply , you will identify with yourself in this book . I really recommend this book for a change , because you will discover a hidden message of life lesson in Spencer 's novel each time when you read her books . Good reading with good tears at the end .
 She writes well , and gets you right into the story . I have read many of her books and have not been disappointed .
 I love all of LaVyrle Spencer books , but this is one of my favorites . If you like good clean love stories , this one 's for you .
 In gently used condition as was listed . Was a gift , so is hard to rate as I personally do not read this series .
 I have read aloud LaVyrle Spencer 's books . This was the only one I had not read . I give them all five stars .
 I love to read , and this author is really good . For the most part , you ca n't go bad reading her books . LaVyrle Spencer has always been one of my all time favorite authors , I think I have all her books , but somehow missed this one . Now I have it . She writes a great book .
 I love all LaVyrle Spencer ' books . What can I say ? I wish she had not retired . I miss her books .
 It has been a few years since I 've read ` Forsaking All Others ' and I still think of parts of this book . The author always puts a message in her books about relationships . I have to admit that I learn something about myself in each book of hers that I read . In this book , I love the part where he brings breakfast fixings over to her house and she 's not quite ready for the day . Something similar happened to me and I giggled to myself , thinking of this book.LaVyrle Spencer Rocks ! I wish she 'd continue to write .
 Catherine Anderson is one author you wo n't forget and fans of this gifted author will welcome the return of her favorite family - the Coulters . In MY SUNSHINE , Anderson delivers an incredibly poignant contemporary bursting with her usual flare . This is one author who continues to push the romance genre forward by blending sweetness with remarkable insight.Isaiah Coulter is the youngest Coulter -- successful , attractive , and very desirable . Isaiah has his life planned , and his planned life does not include a wife - at least not anytime soon ! Veterinary medicine is a demanding field!Laura Townsend is attractive and very lonely . Once Laura Townsend was an environmental scientist , today she is happy to be a kennel keeper at the Coulter Animal Clinic . Laura Townsend refuses to dwell on life 's ` what ifs ' and instead lives each day within a sunny outlook.Ms . Anderson develops a wonderful , warm romance for Isaiah and Laura . Isaiah realizes his life is empty and little Miss Sunshine is the antidote . Laura would love to be in Isaiah 's life , but Laura is also a realist . She has aphasia , five years ago a diving accident damaged her brain 's left lobe , and sadly Laura realizes she must deny Isaiah . What Isaiah needs is an accomplished woman , who can complete his potential , he must not settle for less.MY SUNSHINE is an admirable read . Catherine Anderson writes with respect and shrewdness for the aphasia condition . Again I discovered Anderson can bring her reader a new understanding for a perplexing condition . Anderson 's books are always worthy of notice and MY SUNSHINE is very noticeable . Grade
 Last year I polled all my reading friends in November and had them email me the name of their favorite book for the year and their comments . I printed them all out and sent them with my Christmas cards to all my avid reader friends . They all loved the idea . When it came time to choose mine , I picked this one . I read it once and then a couple of months later read it again . I do n't read weighty books , I read for light entertainment and so I do n't ask a lot of a book . There have been some real disappointments even with my relaxed standards ! And there have been some that I have really enjoyed , but this one stood out over all that I had gone through in 2005 , probably close to 300 books.I have enjoyed all of Ms. Anderson 's books , some more than others , but all were worth the read , and this brothers series has been totally enjoyable . I am sure that critics are right that there are probably MORE obstacles than are presented , but this is fiction and I know that not every heroine in real life is drop dead gorgeous and not every dream man is perfect like these guys , I know I am not reading about real life and enjoy the fantasy . Why ca n't this also be a world where handicapped is not as hard as in real life ? I think the idea of addressing it and giving people an opportunity to think about it spreads a little more compassion and understanding than we have right now . Every time I write a review after reading the nay sayers who have written before me I just want to point out its fiction !!! Perhaps these people who find these books wanting ought to begin shopping in higher literary planes and leave the simple stuff to us more simple readers ???
 I just recently started reading Catherine Anderson 's contemporary romances -LRB- I love historical romances , never really was into modern romances , but Catherine 's great writing `` Keegan 's lady '' , `` Annie 's Song '' , `` Summer breeze '' , encouraged me to check out her contemporary love stories -RRB- . I must say that while I really like this book , it is not Catherine 's best . The premise of the story is unique , and the storyline had so much promise , but the book was slow the first 200 + pages . And there was so much concentration of vet work . I mean sure , healing animals is important , but the way Isaiah 's work was portrayed , it was blown out of proportion.This book could have been shortened by at least a hundred pages . It takes Isaiah so long to realize that he loves Laura -LRB- it happens somewhere at 300 + pages -RRB- . Had the story been shortened by at least a hundred pages , and had the romance started earlier , at least somewhere before 300 + pages , this would have been a great story.Nonetheless this is a good and enjoyable read , the last hundred pages are wonderful , and five star worthy .
 I started reading about the Coulter Family in late 04 because it was a romance involving horses -LRB- which is so rare to find . -RRB- As I read the story Bright Eyes I got so hooked that I had to continue reading the entire series . The one main thing I like about the series is that every woman in the story is not and I repeat NOT a barbie doll . Everytime I read a romance novel the woman is always a real life barbie doll . The women in this series all have something wrong , be it divorced with kids , a paraplegic , or have trouble speaking like myself , they 're all average women . That in itself is hard to find.Another thing I love about Anderson 's books is that she writes so well that it litterally pulls you into the story to the point that you stop to go do something and you 're shocked to find out that hours have passed since you picked up the book , it 's amazing , you really do feel like your right there with the characters.Reading Catherine 's books have really reaffirmed my faith in love , being hurt everytime I 've ever been in a relationship I can totally understand where her lady 's are comming from . When I 'm feeling down in that way all I have to do is pick up one of her books and when I 'm done I realize I 'm not alone . She 's the perfect voice .
 Five years ago , environmental research scientist Laura Townsend nearly lost her life in a swimming accident when she hit her head on a rock . She suffered aphasia , a form of brain damage that affects language . Since then she lives in Crystal Falls , Oregon off her disability check supplemented by odd jobs like walking dogs for people.Veterinarian Isaiah Coulter can not say no to his mother so when she asks him to hire Laura , he agrees to interview her . He realizes that she is ideal for the job so they agree to a trial period . As he observes her gentle healing touch that his clients seem to respond to , Isaiah falls in love ; Laura reciprocates but believes he deserves a complete woman not someone who can not remember how to say her name.MY SUNSHINE is an enjoyable contemporary romance starring a unique protagonist who has retained her intelligence , but suffered brain damage that has impaired her verbal communication skills . The story line is superb when the plot concentrates on Laura 's struggles on the job and in her changing relationship with her boss . However an unnecessary bizarre spin of suspense takes away from the fabulous prime theme of an inspirational person overcoming her impairment through encouragement , caring and love.Harriet Klausner
 5th book in the Coulter family series.I actually read this book first over a year ago . It was one of the first few non-Nora Roberts romances I read . After reading Bright Eyes and Blue Skies , I figured I 'd skim through it so I could catch some of the connections that I 'd missed the first time around from not having read the preceding books . Instead , I pretty much ended up re-reading the entire book.My Sunshine focuses on Isaiah Coulter , who runs a veterinary hospital with his twin brother Tucker . Mary , the Coulter family matriarch , convinces Isaiah to interview the granddaughter of a friend for a kennel keeper job . Five years earlier , Laura had been happy and successful , but then a freak accident when diving into a river causes permanent brain damage . As a result , she suffers from a condition known as aphasia which affects her ability to read , write , and speak . She has made great strides since her accident , and underneath it all she is still the intelligent woman she once was , but her condition is permanent . She will always have speech problems and have difficulty reading and writing . Because of this , she can no longer do most jobs and is forced to do more menial jobs . She loves animals though and Mary gets her an interview at the animal hospital . Isaiah is wary , having trouble believing a woman with brain damage could perform the necessary duties of a kennel keeper , but he is quickly surprised by her , and is immediately draw to her perseverance in the face of adversity , her cheerful attitude , love of animals , and her beauty . They develop of close friendship , with both of them fighting deeper feelings ; Isaiah because he believes he is not ready for a serious relationship , and Laura because she believes he deserves someone better than her . Eventually , they give in to their feelings , but all is not well because someone has is it in for Laura.My Sunshine is a wonderful romance . Anderson has a real knack for these kinds of stories . It 's a real change of pace to read about characters with problems such as brain damage or blindness . It 's nice to read a story that shows that just because tragedy has forever changed someone 's life , they still can find happiness.Laura and Isaiah are a great couple . There friendship is a great base for a romantic relationship . You 're just really drawn to these characters throughout the story . The bit of suspense is a nice addition to the story . It 's adds a little extra meat.The first time I read this book , I liked it , but I did n't fully appreciate it . I was still pretty new to the overall romance genre , and was too focused on certain story aspects . But now that I 've spent a year reading all different kinds of romances , I can look at this book more objectively . And I ended up liking it more . Definitely a great read in the romance/drama category.I know that there have been some criticisms of this book , along with Blue Skies , and Phantom Waltz -LRB- the 1st Coulter story -RRB- about their realism in dealing with disabled characters , but the fact of the matter is , unless you suffer from the affliction yourself , you are going to have a hard time in making a book truly realistic . You can do all the research you want , but you 're still going to miss somewhere . Maybe Anderson 's books lack a little realism , maybe not , but for the average reader , everything works.Rating
 Ok ... looks like a rather bizarre theme that Catherine Anderson has going on . Her heroines have huge impediments to overcome - blindness , spinal cord damage and now brain damage ! But I love a good struggle and I loved Laura in this book . She sees life differently since a diving accident deprived her of some intellectual abilities . Her mind is sound ; just the interpretation of it is skewed . Although her view of the world is rather nave and childlike - it is so enjoyable to watch her bring happiness to those around her . How could Isaiah -LRB- her boss -RRB- , a well educated man , be so taken by her ? But he is . Like other Anderson heroes , it is love at first sight - but he fights the attraction ! After all , there is a written code about fraternizing with co-workers . You will root for Laura in all the trials she endures . Getting the job in the veterinarian 's office as a kennel worker was one big hurdle and keeping it another . She has made one mistake with the food ; and yet another with leaving a kennel door open ! But she insists to Isaiah that it was n't her - and that she has an eerie feeling someone else is in the building when she works the night shift . Will he believe her ? Is there someone sinister out to get Laura?The romance and intimacy which you know will eventually occur is wonderful and sweet . But Laura will walk away from it all because Isaiah needs someone accomplished and charming ; not someone `` stupid '' like her . How will it all work out in the end ? I was captivated by all the main and secondary characters and the warm Coulter family . Of course I am endeavoring to obtain and read the entire series . I am reading it out of order but they appear to standalone quite well . Highly recommend !
 I read this book in one setting ! As always Catherine Anderson writes a great story .
 This is the first book I have read from this author and now I want to read the whole series ! I thought this book was very insightful into the life of someone was has had brain damage and the troubles they face everyday . The storyline was very believeable and I really enjoyed the characters . It 's nice to have a storyline where the main characters do n't immediately jump into bed . I really liked this book and hope you read it and enjoy it too !
 Love Catherine Coulter 's style . Great stories , fun characters , true romance , thougfhtful mystery , and a real getaway from daily life .
 I know she could write faster if she 'd really really try ! This one was n't my favorte -LRB- I love `` Sweet Nothings '' -RRB- but I could n't put it down and then had to re-read it ! I do tend to agree that it 's getting a little heavy with the physical and emotional problems the main characters have but you do have to admire the author for making romance for everyone.I ca n't wait for Tucker to `` fall '' , and did anyone catch that Mary Coulter has someone in mind and she has five brothers ... . BE STILL MY HEART WE 'RE MOVING ONTO ANOTHER FAMILY !
 A tender , heartwarming story from a superior author . I can hardly wait for the next one !
 This is one of my favorite love stories . It is so refreshing to read a story where the heroine is not the modle of perfection physically and no one writes these types for stories like Catherine Anderson . She has a true gift for pulling at your heart strings . I could read this book over and over ... and I do . Just love it !
 Loved my sunshine . It runs along the same themes as her other books , so do n't expect to be amazed with originality or by the small mystery/suspense part of the story . However , I love the way she has female characters who are flawed -LRB- not genius supermodels like in most romance novels -RRB- yet win out in the end . A great heartwarming read . I read it in one sitting . I will definitely reread this book .
 Laura Townsend used to be an environmental scientist . Then , five years ago , a diving accident almost killed her . She has spent those years fighting aphasia , the accident 's permanent after effect , and she has been remarkably successful thanks to excellent therapy and her own hard work and determination . She functions well enough , at last , to live on her own and work part time - but not as a scientist . Since using language remains a challenge , Laura now cleans houses and walks dogs . When her beloved grandmother 's neighbor suggests Laura as a possible kennel keeper for a veterinary hospital jointly owned by that neighbors ' twin sons , both veterinarians , Laura lands the job despite Isaiah Coulter 's initial reluctance to even consider someone with brain damage . Laura turns his stereotype on its head , and she soon convinces everyone else at the hospital , too , that she can not only do the job ; she can do it remarkably well , thanks to her almost uncanny way with animals . Laura is also a beautiful woman whose genuine kindness and upbeat temperament intrigue confirmed bachelor Isaiah in spite of what he considers to be his better judgment . But someone at the clinic does not think as well of Laura as everyone else does , because someone goes to work trying to get Laura fired by making her appear responsible for a series of `` mistakes '' that no employer could excuse.Catherine Anderson 's romances delight me even though I generally find the genre mind numbing . Her characters have flaws , and yet they quickly make me care what happens to them . I read this book in two evenings . It was great fun ! -- Reviewed by Nina M. Osier , author of `` Granite Island ''
 Let me start this off by saying that I really do n't like books about people overcoming tragedies or handicaps . The characters in those books come off as incredibly saintly , showing how horrible the rest of us are in comparison , because even without terrible things to overcome , we 're merely human.Let me assure you , My Sunshine is not that kind of book . The heroine of My Sunshine does indeed have a tragic handicap to overcome . But she 's also very human . That makes all the difference.Laura Townsend used to have everything going for her . She was intelligent , and had a brilliant career . Then a head injury resulted in aphasia , meaning the once articulate woman now has trouble saying words of more than two syllables , counting , and can read only the simplest things and only with great difficulty , actually much more than her doctors had expected from her , and accomplished after a great deal of determined work . Now the only job she can get is cleaning up in a veterinarian 's office , and that only as a favor to veterinarian Isaiah Taylor 's matchmaking mother and her friend.My Sunshine explores this unusual handicap with warmth and sympathy , without ever descending into sappiness . Laura and Isaiah face problems both because of and unrelated to her disability.I knew Catherine Anderson had pulled me in with her previous books , but I was still wary of this one -- a brain-damaged heroine ? I was expecting Forest Gump . I was wrong , and was very happy to be so .
 Catherine Anderson always puts out a great story.Laura and Isaiah is another romance with a woman who knows how to stand on her own and a man who is able to appreciate her .
 Love all books of the Coulter Family . Love how Ms. Anderson creates her characters and inter twines them with people disability issues , that 's life and it happens and we all deserve love . Thanks so much !
 I did n't expect to enjoy this book as much as I did . I 'd read previous reviews of the author 's work that did n't have such kind words for it , so I did n't go in expecting much . But honestly ? Even if it is cliche and formulaic it was still good . Sometimes you just want to read something sugary and unrealistic for the sake of it.And even so , the characters did n't feel entirely like cardboard cutouts . Sure , Laura was the standard pretty heroine who thinks she 's not good enough and Isaiah was the perfect hunk in shining armor , but they were cute and likeable and I was rooting for them to get together the whole way through . The Coulter family was a lot of fun , too , even though Tucker grated on my nerves now and then , and the Thanksgiving chapter made me smile . Happy family scenarios are a big weakness of mine . And I liked how their first time together was n't perfect , too , and that they were n't both virgins . Laura had it right when she said it was good one of them knew what to do.Of course , it has its flaws , two of them which almost made me stop reading . As I mentioned before , Tucker grated on my nerves at times , especially near the end where he told Isaiah all the reasons he should n't marry Laura-even AFTER he forgave her and accepted that the incidents around the kennel were n't her fault ! Of course , I also did n't care for the way Laura just happened to overhear only that part of the conversation and ran away from the relationship in tears . I know poor communication can happen to any couple , but you 'd think Laura would have more confidence in herself and Isaiah 's love for her after he 's proven time and time again how much she means to him.And of course , the Other Woman with a crush on the hero was the villain all along and a crazy psycho to boot . I 'm not sure whether we were supposed to be surprised given how sympathetically she was portrayed all along , or to think `` I knew it '' thanks to her insisting the Rainbow Bridge was a crock . Either way , the transformation from helpful friend to man-stealing vamp was clumsy and irritating , and that 's not even getting into the sexist implications behind it.But overall this was a good read . Predictable ? Yes . Shmaltzy ? Of course , it 's a romance novel . But there 's something to be said for guilty pleasures and good old-fashioned fluff entertainment . The main characters are likeable , the supporting players are colorful , the romance is wonderfully paced and the ending is lovely.Oh , and there 's puppies in this book . Lots of puppies . I 'm a cat person , but I ca n't say no to cute dogs .
 This is such a sweet , heartwarming romance . I love that this author 's heroines do not usually fit the stereotypical mold . So many of them have real problems . It is awesome to sit down and read a book with girls that have real problems just like myself and my friends do . Isaiah is such a sweetheart . I was wishing that I could be with him by the end of this book . Laura is almost too good to be true , but it manages to work out to be an excellent love story . I would highly recommend to anyone that is a fan of romance .
 I read this book every time I need a pick-me-up . This is such a beautiful love story and I can not get enough no matter how many times I 've read it . This was the book that solidifyed Catherine Anderson as one of my favorite authors and this is an example of Ms. Anderson at her very best . I love the complexity that is Laura and fell in love with Isaiah right along with her . There is nobody else out there who can right a complex heroine like Catherine Anderson and this book leaves me in awe of her talent . This book leaves you feeling warm , happy , and utterly content . I highly reccommend to anyone who loves a good romance .
 I have read all of the books in the Coulter series at least once but My Sunshine is the one that I keep coming back to . I read it every couple months because the story never gets old . From the beginning the story is very sweet and endearing and it 's very hard to put down once you have started . The two main characters , Laura and Isaiah , have an instant chemistry that develops slowly through the book into something very real and romantic . Laura is a very intelligent young woman that was reduced to menial jobs because of a brain injury . Isaish is kind enough to give her a chance at his vet clinic as one of the kennel keepers as a favor to his mother . Laura quickly becomes a favorite among the staff and with Isaiah . When 13 puppies face being put down Laura steps in and offers to care for them . Isaiah offers to let her move in with him temporarily because Laura does not have room in her apartment . Over the next couple weeks the two of them fall in love with each other.I love this book because it lets you know that love is possible anywhere and that it can overcome all kinds of obstacles . I highly recommend this book and the rest of the Coulter series .
 The heroine in this story suffers from aphasia because of a brain injury many years ago . Her name is Laura . She has trouble speaking long words . She has trouble counting . She sees some numbers and letters backwards . Despite everything , she has managed to live an independent life and hold a job.She has accepted that men will no longer be interested in her because of her speech problems . She never expects to find love again.Enter our hero - Isaiah - a veterinarian with a warm heart that needs a good woman to take care of him because he stays so busy that he simply forgets to take care of himself . He overlooks the heroine 's bad speech and sees her big heart.The story was just a little slow to get going , but it was so worth it . I loved the story . It is incredibly sweet .
 Really enjoyed this book -- Catherine Anderson is one of my favorite authors and this is a great read !
 Laura suffered a accident five years prior and as a result , she now has a form of brain damage called aphasia . She can live a pretty normal life , just has a hard time counting and saying 3 word syllables . She comes to work for Isaiah , a veterinarian and a real sweeet guy who has no interest of a relationship for a couple of years yet . As they spend time together , they start falling in love with each other slowly but each deny it . Overall the story was great and there is an underlying mystery that is easy to see who the assailant is -LRB- why I gave it a 4 -RRB- , but it was a sweet story . The love scenes were great and I loved that she took the time to develop their relationship and it wasnt at all forced . The only real downside is that it dragged on at times and that Laura sometimes seemed a little too nice . This was my first Coutier family read and I felt lost at times , like I should know some of the other characters , so I recommend that you do not start with this one . I am going back and start the stories at the beginning .
 A book in a series which I wish to own by another of my favorite authors .
 Once again a wonderfully written story n the Coulter family series by Catherine Anderson . You wo n't want to put it down !
 This basically feel-good romance between veterinarian Isaiah Coulter and his new employee Laura Townsend , who suffers from aphasia , will probably not be very surprising to Anderson fans . The strategies Laura uses to create a rich and satisfying life for herself were fascinating to me , but I was a little uneasy at the same time ; some of the details did n't mesh very well with other things I 've read about aphasia.Also , the violence in the main conflict got more intense than I would have liked , and the book struck me as just plain crude in places in its language and comparisons .
 Excellent ! This was a hard to put down book , could n't wait to read the next chapter . I love all of Catherine Anderson 's books . she has a way to make you feel all the characters , and may make you think about what 's important in life ! I love the Coulter family , are there really men like Hank and Zeke and Ryan ? I 've read every one of her books !
 To me this was a cute love story . Laura and Isaiah are n't your ideal couple at first , but you get to know each one of them and realize they are perfect for each other . I absolutely loved Isaiah because he was able to see Laura 's heart and not her condition . This story just reminds me that love can conquer all .
 A warning is needed here . Readers be prepared to be ENTHRALLED by the fascinating and outright sensual laden world that Emma Holly creates with her exciting series of shape-changing upyrs . More importantly , die-hard fans of Ms. Holly and her upyrs will be delighted to discover the unusual background of Lucius the White - the oldest living vampire and his ` out of this world ' origins!A chance encounter along the road brought Lucius and his close companion and friend Edmund to meet Lucas Delavert . Delavert 's resemblance to Lucius was uncanny , and the chance to assume a mortal identity was a powerful and tempting opportunity - one that seemed beneficial both to the powerful upyr while granting the dying man his last wish and some semblance of peace.In assuming the guise of Lucas , the prosperous local squire , Lucius was the target of the local matchmaking mamas all wishing to capture the elusive squire . It was n't until he came upon poor and unsuitable Theodora Beckett , on one of his nightly forays , that his natural predator instincts became aroused . Using his powers to thrall , he was treated to an ecstasy with Theo that was unmatched in the centuries that he 'd existed . It was hard for him to believe that as the oldest and most powerful living vampire - he had fallen in love . It also became apparent that Theo , seemingly under his thrall , was also in love - but if she discovered ` what ' he was , without any mind thralling by Lucius - would she be able to accept what he was or reject him in horror ? -- OUCH ! This one will positively scorch you ! I have absolutely loved Holly 's entire compelling upyr series from CATCHING MIDNIGHT to HUNTING MIDNIGHT . Now Ms. Holly is keeping those sensual fires of passion rolling in another totally stand alone entry to the Midnight series with both her trademark steamy erotic sensuality , coupled with an amazing and touching love story of a soul mate who has journeyed the eons of time to recapture an all-consuming love . Additionally , the reader is also treated to a couple of other extremely stimulating romances -- Theo 's sister Caroline and the gardener Sheffield ; the upyr Edmund and his conquests ; and be delighted with the young and precocious five year old Fitz Clare Baron , Percy . This was an awesome and totally satisfying non-stop read from first page to the last . Ms. Holly - you rock ! -- Marilyn , for -LRB- ... -RRB- --
 I love the upyr . Emma Holly has managed to make an extremely appealing and unique race of bloodrinkers . They are sexy , sensitive and intelligent . The only problem for them is exactly how long they really live . The sad truth of their lives is that so few beings have the stamina for immortality.The upyr were worried about Lucious . The world seemed to mean nothing to him . He was merely existing with no attachment to the world other than his companion Edmund , a younger upyr . A chance encounter with a dying man on the road leads Lucious to an important turning point . He assumes the identity of this man , and is thrust back into the world of the living where he meets Theo Beckett.Theo was a wonderful female character . She was supporting her family and being a good sister and all the time not really understanding what was missing in her life until she meets Lucious . She has lived her whole life in the shadow of her older , but very loving and supportive sister , Caroline . Theo and Lucious have a series of intimate encounters that force Lucious , out of guilt , to wipe them from her mind . He then resolves to try to win her love like a human man . She ends up thinking that she dreamed the intimacies with him , and is very confused by her feelings about a man that she initially wanted for her sister . There is never any doubt though who he really wants.This was a truly satisfying story . I have said this before , but I really like a story where the two main characters can at least admit to themselves that they want each other . You know there will be difficulties , but the strength of their bond is true .
 Emma Holly has given us yet another wonderful story about the Upyr.She manages to give you the feeling that you are reading a Regency and a paranormal all in one , with some very hot sex scenes.This is very skillfully done , and one of the reasons I find Emma 's writing so unique-she has great balance throughout the story while giving you the best of both genres.Good secondary characters that interest you , yet do n't steal the show are included as well.There are quite a few laughs to be had as Lucius settles into his new life.Lady Morris , a scheming , vain thing who wishes to see Lucius married to her daughter Lily , is prepared to compete with any rivals , by sly remarks or underhanded tactics.She was amusing and obnoxious , all in one.Theo and Lucius are a wonderful couple , and have enough sizzle to carry the book without seeming like oversexed animals.Overall , this book is a wonderful,well-balanced mix of paranormal and Regency , with enough humor and sex to make it a keeper.If you have n't read Catching Midnight and Hunting Midnight , I recommend those as well-the Upyr series are all wonderful books on their own , but complement each other beautifully .
 Emma Holly can do no wrong ! I just discovered the author recently , and I am glad that I did . Courting Midnight is sensual and entertaining -- perfect escape .
 All I can say is , I 've been waiting for Lucius White 's story for a long time and Ms. Holly did not disappoint me . The third intallment of Ms. Holly 's paranormal eromatica tells the tale of the oldest upyr , Lucius , as well as the history of the upyr . And we get an update on our old friends - Gillian and Aimery ! That 's the only teaser I 'm giving folks , you 'll have to read the book to find out what happens ...
 Wow , this was one of the best books I 've ever read . Emma Holly is as gripping as an old Linda Howard novel.Lucius is an intense and uniquely vulnerable hero with untold powers . His seduction of Theo is erotic and sweet . Do n't miss this one , but you may want to read the other uypr novels first .
 I was expecting this to be another fluff novel that I usually read when I do n't want my brain to be overly taxed or want to spend too much time on any one novel . Even though I did finish this book rather speedily , I was surprised to discover how well written it was . I found it endearing the way Holly immitated Jane Eyre -LRB- Sense and Sensibility , I believe or perhaps Pride and Prejudice -RRB- and before the reader could become put off by the fact that it was so closely related , she quite covertly referred to Eyre 's novel in the text when a character offered a suggestion of reading material to his secret crush.The novel covers two sisters of a poor family but with high standards whose mother is trying to marry them off to a man of substance . The older sister is the most beautiful with a sweet disposition . The younger more outgoing . Little do they know that the man their mother is trying to marry the oldest off to is really a vampire -LRB- upyr -RRB- . I do n't think I have read anything by Holly in the past , but she is definitely someone I plan to look into in the future .
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book . I had read it out of sequence and then got it but each story pretty much stands alone with references to other stories .
 I 'd recommend the other `` Midnight '' books before you read this to give you background . It can be read as a stand alone , but the series builds to this point . The entire Upr -LRB- `` Midnight '' series -RRB- has just the right amount of well-developed storylines combined with sensuality to make these books a thoroughly enjoyable escapist read .
 I am a historical romance reader myself . I first read Emma Holly in Beyond Innocence and Desire books . I loved them ! So I picked this book up thinking that I could n't go wrong . I was definitely right . It was wonderful . I could not put the book down until I was finished . I know that I read the book out of order now , but that took nothing away from the story . It was very sensual in a paranormal way . I have just bought all of her books that are available . Wonderful author . A definite buy !!
 Nobody writes erotic romances better then Ms Holly . While I love a nice hot , steamy book I also must have a romance that is strong and believable and Ms Holly does all that and more . She has long been an autobuy author for me and will continue to be one for a long time to come . As long as she keeps writing , I 'll keep reading , no matter the genre .
 Have you ever loved someone , but the timing/situation was not right , and they slipped away ? In the latest release from C. Kelly Robinson , titled The One That Got Away -LRB- TOTGA -RRB- the girl that got away is Serena Kincaid and the guy that is still pining for her is Tony Gooden . More than ten years have lapsed , since Tony crashed Serena 's wedding to her current husband , Jamie . Fast forward a decade later and a not so accidental encounter at a friends wedding , which brings the two face to face where old memories , wounds , heartbreaks , and feelings are revisited-as well as the reason for why their paths had not crossed in all those years . But when Tony survives an untimely accident , his priorities change , and he realizes that tomorrow is not guaranteed and some people are worth taking a chance with . There are just a few roadblocks-Serena 's married , dealing with a rebellious teen , and she lives in another city . Is she willing to give up what she has accomplished in the last 10 years to be with someone that dissed her a decade ago?Robinson explores marriage , relationships , love , children and inner emotions in his latest novel . TOTGA depicts the struggles that many individuals experience in the game of love and relationships . Robinson gives us mature characters who are forced to make some tough decisions . Decisions that not only affect them but that will ultimately impact loved ones as well . We witness and feel the pain of the main characters as they make decisions with their hearts rather than their heads . Robinson delivers a conscious twisting story about love and lust between Serena and Jason and forces us to assess whether or not two individuals can go back to a love that previously existed without repercussions.While TOTGA covers typical territory -LRB- it is primarily a relationship novel -RRB- , Robinson does introduce unexpected plots twists and turns . Additionally , secondary characters are skillfully developed and their stories are integral to the primary storyline . TOTGA was an entertaining and engaging read , however , I wanted more back story regarding the primary characters ; serious character flaws were alluded to for both but they were never really fleshed out . That aside , Robinson 's writing was captivating enough to keep me reading this book and I was able to finish it in one sitting . Nice story for a clear , mild autumn day.Reviewed by YasminAPOOO BookClub
 Have you ever had that one true love that got away ? Do you regret it ? This is what radio executive Tony Gooden has to deal with in The One That Got Away , the latest novel by C. Kelly Robinson . Tony loves the single life , but his whole world turns upside down when Serena Kincaid pops back into the picture . Serena is the only love Tony has ever had and he let her go . Tony wants her back right now but that 's not going to be easy . Serena is dealing with a wayward teenage daughter and a philandering husband . She is torn between trying to save her marriage and rekindling a past relationship with Tony.The One That Got Away is an entertaining novel by C. Kelly Robinson . This novel is about how making life choices can affect everyone around you . Robinson expertly shows the range of emotions that Tony goes through in trying to get Serena back . I found myself really feeling for these characters while I was reading this fast-paced and intriguing novel . C. Kelly Robinson continues to write enjoyable , true-to-life stories for all to contemplate .
 Executive Tony Gooden has two goals in life . He plans to make a lot of money and to use his wealth to fully enjoy the life of a single . He is succeeding at both as he is rising fast up the corporate ladder and has no problem scoring with the women . Life is perfect until he sees his college sweetheart Serena Kincaid at the wedding of his college roommate in Chicago.Years ago Tony let Serena marry someone else though he foolishly crashed the wedding in an almost Mrs. Robinson scenario , but finally moved on with a string of models . Now seeing her , he wants her more than life itself . Serena has her own troubles with her marriage to Jamie collapsing . She wants Tony , but figures on a one night stand to forget her troubles at least for an evening . Both have the best night of their lives , but he needs more while she has doubts after one failed marital relationship and their previous history . Still he heads to Cincinnati to make his case.THE ONE THAT GOT AWAY is a fabulous contemporary romance starring two likable protagonists who belong together yet somehow never took the next step . Instead they went their separate ways , but have a second chance at love if both take the risk to their respective hearts . The story line focuses on the changing triangular relationship between Tony , Serena and Jamie who still wants his wife at his side -LRB- among other women -RRB- and uses their daughter to achieve his objective . Fans will welcome this fine Midwest tale due to the fully developed cast who because they seem real make choosing so difficult to decide.Harriet Klausner
 Jerin is nearly sixteen , and soon his sisters will sell him off to other women as a husband so they , too , can buy a husband . But while his slightly older sisters neglect their duty , he helps his younger sisters save an injured princess.The story starts there , and never stops moving forward . Jerin has been raised unconventionally for his world . He reads , writes , and knows self-defense as well as tactics and strategy . His kind heart and bravery stand him in good stead as he faces moral and physical danger , and overcomes it.Other reviews have focused on the astonishing world-building Wen Spencer did for A Brother 's Price , and then get caught up in the political and moral implications of the world , rather than seeing the story as a very fun tale with a resourceful young hero . Because they disagree with the politics of the story , they have marked the tale lower . It seems to me that this story was written as a reaction to some of the `` feminist utopia '' fiction that was written in the 1970s and 1980s . It 's not so much a `` nurture determines all '' world as it is a world where everyone is human , with human ambitions , frailties , and gifts.Although the prose is n't as jewel-like as the Ukiah Oregon books , I still intend to keep this book , and re-read it many times . The story is a rollicking adventure story with a plucky young thing , determined to protect both his new family and his birth family .
 Wen Spencer , the innovative author of Tinker and the Alien Taste series , has once again rung changes on the historical bodice ripper plot of the family daughter sold to enhance the family fortune.In this case , the female roles are reversed , with men being the protected and virginal ones , and the women serving as soldiers , butchers , bakers , candlestick makers and rulers . Spencer is so matter-of-fact with the milieu that we are left with questions only after the story is over . Why is the ratio of women to men so skewed ? How did these women create a society like this , with approximately early 19th century tech?Wen 's writing is so good that you do n't really start asking those questions while you are reading the book . Like time bombs they only occur to you afterward . Wen invokes a nearly indestructible willing suspension of disbelief , and does it so easily that it is hardly noticeable.I 'm looking forward to a sequel . Please let there be a sequel.Walt Boyes , the Bananaslug . at Baen 's Bar
 I thought this an original and thoughtful novel . The concept of a female dominated society with a shortage of males was intriguing to me , because of the realism . Many people -LRB- both female and male -RRB- have voiced the opinion that if only women were in charge of the world , the world would be a far better place . Obviously the author of this book , does n't buy that concept . The world portrayed in this novel is as screwed up as any male dominated society in our own history . What with brothers being sold to multiple wives or worse being sold to a slave brothel -LRB- called a crib in this book -RRB- . With many novels I tend to imagine myself in the settings that are portrayed , NOT WITH THIS ONE . I 'm a guy , living in that world sounds like a d ** n scary thing to do . I enjoyed the book , but would n't want to live there . I hope that this is the first of a series . I would really like the author to explore the relationships between countries and the impact that the female/male ratio has on those political relationships.The technological level portrayed in the books seems to be a mix of American West -LRB- Post Civil War -RRB- and the Civil War period . The author seems to present the fabled fast draw skill of the American West as being a necessary skill of her Queensland soldier in the novel . It might be that in her envisioned world , more emphasis is placed on the warrior attribute -LRB- the lone fighter -RRB- , than the idea of organized and disciplined soldiers . As I said earlier , I hope there are more explorations into this world .
 Spencer does n't do much inquiry into What the Sexes are Really Like in her world of scarce men ; I 'm wildly entertained by what readers , e.g. my fellow reviewers , find plausible and what overturns our assumptions.Like a couple of other reviewers , I was exactly as annoyed by this plot as I am by romance novels that think it 's fine for the world to be sexist as long as one pretty protagonist is saved by Love -LRB- and Money -RRB- . For any guy who does n't want to live in Jeris ' world ... well , no , join the club.Unlike some other readers , I think this is SF ; the science she 's playing with is sociobiology . In Spencer 's alternate history -LRB- ????? most of this is my deductions -RRB- , somewhere around the European discovery of the New World syphilis mutated to attack male infants , which is why so few men are born and sexual diseases are so terrifying . I would guess that humanity was nearly wiped out . This is the more plausible because syphilis was a scourge in our history too.The socio - part of socio-biology describes how human culture adapts , and adapts to , human biology . The husband-buying , the male prostitution , are like the management of female fertility in our world . Spencer noticed that male fertility is , you might say , easier to share , and her families of sisters who work and marry together have a lot of biological paralells
 Love Wen Spencer . Love her stories . This book , actually , is pretty good . It 's not Spencer 's fault that the book left an unpleasant aftertaste . As a feminist , you 'd think I 'd just say `` You go , Girl '' to any writer who turned the tables so completely on gender roles and stereotypes . You 'd think ! The lead character is beautiful , feisty , naive , beddable -LRB- sp ? -RRB- and perfectly happy with a future filled with the propagation and rearing of the species . The romantic interest -LRB- no spoilers here ! -RRB- is commanding , authoritative , and seduces the lead character in a matter of oh , 5 sentences . From which a Great Love is born . The dizzying spin on the story is , of course , that the lead character is a boy , and the romantic interest a woman . But , the very things that make me crazy when it 's a female protagonist , are making me crazy here with a male . I do n't like to read about the diminishment of anybody , and the condescension of the dominant women toward the submissive male was just as infuriating as it would be in the reverse . Maybe I would have felt better if the love story had been at all developed . Spencer does not do love stories well , which is very odd . Often the romantic interest is attractive and interesting , but Spencer just will not generate any mood or atmosphere in which you can see love grow . Nope , love just is , which makes for a boring love story . Fortunately , the love angle is the least important element of Spencer 's interesting tales . This book is worth purchasing , because Spencer always entertains . Unlike the Oregon and Tinker books , however , it is not a keeper . If the genre had more good authors like WS , this books rating would be lower . Since most of the books out there are crap , I 'm grading this one on a curve .
 The founding premise of the book , what would a society dominated by woman be like ? Is hardly new in speculative fiction . However Spencer built a convincing and believable alterative world based on the `` simple fact '' of an imbalance in female and male births numbers . The females outnumber the males by a factor of ten or twenty and the rest of the book is a logical continuation of that basis premise . Including incest , male brothels , venereal diseases , buying and trading brothers for husbands and kidnappings by the sisters who ca n't afford to pay a brothers price for a husband of their ownThe world in `` A Brother 's Price '' is a fascinating mix of the American west ca 1860 and regency England , with steamboats , six-shooters theaters and ballrooms . Also it is far from a paradise or utopia as the basic human nature of hate , greed , hope and love is unchanged and it is those emotions that fuel the actions of the books characters and make them believable and their actions convincing and understandable .
 Suspend disbelief , and you 're okay . `` Brother 's Price '' is the second departure novel from the Ukiah Oregon novels and in this reviewer 's opinion , not as well written or explained as Ukiah 's stories or `` Tinker . `` In `` Brother 's Price '' women far outnumber men . The few males who are born are wed to households of women and serve as the father to many children . The title refers to the ` bride price ' of a male child . `` Brother 's Price '' is told from the point of view of Jerin Whistler , a young male coming of age and about to be sold , and Princess Ren , one of the women soon to be one of the Queens of the Realm . They exist in a beginning Industrial Age -- germs have just been detected , they are capable of forming steel into ships.We open with Jerin taking a grave risk , he urges his sisters to rescue a soldier who was found injured near their spring by outlaws . Turns out , the soldier is a Princess of the Realm . They 're due to be rewarded by ` sponsorship ' of their family into Royal Court . This means , the handsome Jerin is going to receive a lot of attention and hopefully , a good price.The Whistlers have just managed to score a coup -- purchase of a store . Land generally is held in families for generations , but the unlucky Picker family lost their man and was barely able to hold onto their fortune , so their store 's being sold for their old age . Jerin must fetch a high price , else his family might be ruined , too -- the expense of the store would be what they would spend on a husband to start a new generation.Meanwhile , both Princess Ren and Jerin need to find out who is stealing valuable cannons and attacking their soldiers . The future of the Realm and both families may depend on this knowledge.Just read the book . Do n't wonder why or how the situation got as it is . That takes the fun out of the reading . The pacing is off in this novel . Without giving away too much of the plot , the court manipulations are too long and drawn out . We get to the point where Jerin discovers a key fact too late in the novel . The last chapters are real page turners , but properly written , the whole book could and should be a page turner .
 After reading the other reviews I do n't think I have much to add , except that this book was a fun read . I am one who puts books down after 40-50 pages if I do n't like them , and this was one I read from beginning to end , smiling at the cliches , and enjoying it thoroughly . It is interesting to think about what might happen in a world where women outnumber men something like 40 or 50 to 1 -LRB- or even more , that was n't clear -RRB- . Yes , fertile men would be prized , fought for , purchased , or won . Yes , biologically it makes sense for a family of 10 + sisters to marry one man they can all agree on and that man to father all their children.I 'm not as sure as another reviewer that physiology would make Wen Spencer 's scenario implausible . Maybe one man can overcome one woman - but 5 or 10 or more women ???? And if men are sheltered , kept in a version of purdah , spoiled and pampered and not taught to read or do much besides home-making and nurturing , it stands to -LRB- Spencer 's -RRB- reason that women would invent and develop steam boats , rifled cast-iron cannon -LRB- one shudders at the cost of the failures until they found something that worked -RRB- , and the beginnings of indoor plumbing.All in all , if you accept Spencer 's world as presented -LRB- and if you read SF , you * should * be starting with that attitude -RRB- , the story works . It is a retelling of the virtuous , brave , beautiful prince -LRB- ss -RRB- , educated in ways not the norm to the prince -LRB- ss -RRB- 's gender , kidnapped by the evil plotters , escaping through our hero 's own cleverness , and reunited with the prince -LRB- ss -RRB- 's faithful , loving spouse -LRB- s -RRB- . As one who enjoys regency romances almost as much as SF , fantasy , S&S ; , etc. , Spencer 's book is a well-written take-off of romance , with a twist that works because Spencer is a good craftswoman . SF - yes , unless you do n't consider alternate history SF.A good , page-turning read after you accept Spencer 's world premise .
 I normally do n't read sci-fi , and I picked this up on accident thinking it was fantasy . I knew it had romantic elements in it after reading a praising review in Romantic Times Magazine.This really was n't sci-fi , which was OK with me . The only thing that made it sci-fi was that they had guns and steam engines . People still ride around on horses , etc. . The female dominated society could go either sf or fantasy.I felt like I was reading a male romance novel . What guy would n't want to be screwed by 30 women ? The only difference with this and a normal romance novel was a love of guns and warfare . As a girl though , who am I to say no to a little romance ? Ok maybe not a little.Just like a romance novel , the reader is supposed to assume its entirely possible for people to fall in love after 5 minutes . Even worse , 10 girls fall in love with the same man after hardly debating the issue . Lets face it - girls -LRB- me included -RRB- can hardly figure out what shirt to wear in the space of time it took for all these girls to swoon over the male lead.Considering I 'm not adverse to reading your basic romance novel , I did n't mind all of this . It was enjoyable enough to pass the time with , but not an award-winner by any means . But for those of you looking for an exciting , action-filled sci-fi story , look elsewhere .
 Imagine a world where women have trouble giving birth to mal children because of an extremely high rate of still births and miscarriages . Women rule the world , run the factories and farms , and keep the males hidden to protect them from desperate females who are husband thieves . Men are considered property with no rights whatsoever . They are sold to wives of their family 's choosing.Jerin Whistler is luckier than most because his family loves him and want to make a match for him that will make him happy . That chance comes when he helps rescue a female on his property who had been attacked . It turns out she is a royal princess and her sister Ren comes to find her . Ren falls in love with the handsome Jerin who shares her feelings . Because they have royal blood flowing through their veins Jerin is considered eligible to be the prince consort . When they get to the capital , all Ren 's sisters agree to the match but there is a plot to overthrow the crown and Jerin is caught in the crosshairs.When it comes to fresh , innovative storytelling , almost nobody is better than Wen Spencer . In a world where men are cosseted and hidden away because they are so rare , the hero accepts his lot in life as the norm since that is how it has always been . Feminists are going to take this book as their symbol because the author proves women can do what are traditional male roles in our world . Once the audience starts this novel , they will find it absolutely impossible to put down.Harriet Klausner
 i purchased this novel after reading some of the authors other works . Given the consistency of his other novels , I fully expected this to be constructed in a similar manner.I was thoroughly surprised and pleased to find that mr. Spencer had constructed a completely new world and peopled it with characters who were both interesting and complex.This book is interesting if , one only contemplates he dynamics of the society which Mr. Spencer has designed . I feel that the author has , with this novel , greatly expanded the range of his writing skills beyond the mayhem which many authors feel to be necessary to make a work commercially successful.I completely enjoyed reading this book and can only hope that it will continue as a series .
 Sounds like a simple change in the world - the ratio of men to women - but Spencer makes this into a compelling , sexy coming-of-age story that 's full of action , intrigue , and upended gender roles . What makes that last so interesting is that it 's done without preaching - it just is . Boys do housework and are protected by the women , that 's just the way things are . Nobody lectures the reader - it just is . Great speculative fiction , and an awesome read .
 This book is positively fascinating . The author , Wen Spencer , draws you into her world and forces you to take on the outlook of fantasy where women are in control and men are their property , gender flipping history . While it does have its flaws such as the characters coming off as two dimensional at best instead of well rounded , though this can be explained by the multitude of characters Wen Spencer presents , the book itself is strong in its concepts and I enjoyed reading every second of it .
 amazing story ; Wen Spencer makes you believe in this world and i wish there were more about these characters ! The character driven plot turns on many believeable branches of choice . Its fascinating and amusing how she turns cultural norms upside down .
 I love a great world building - especially when sociological aspect are carried through logically . So many stories twist one aspect of our `` normal '' world - like adding magic - and do not carry things through to their logical ends . This story just changed one thing during the civil war era - the ratio of men to women , and went from there.A love story , good politics , adventure , and world building . I rarely re-read stories and I think I have re-read this one five times so far.Note because of the world building this seems like a sci-fi space opera romance story , but in many ways it is closer to a political thriller set in the Steamboat era .
 A Brother 's Price by Wen Spencer envisions an alternate world where only one birth in twenty or so is male . In a world where males are so rare in human society , females have taken a dominant role in governance , and daily affairs.The author explores this world through the eyes of one Jerin Whistler , a sixteen year old boy who is being groomed for marriage for a `` brother 's price , '' in the form of either cash or a husband swap -LRB- one unmarried male exchanged for another -RRB- . Due to the lack of males to go around in this society , the family structure is matriarchal in nature and marriage is polygamous , where one husband is shared among any number of sisters-wives . In A Brother 's Price , the story takes off when a princess is rescued and brought back to the Whistler 's home , and Jerin is eventually enmeshed in a power struggle with the fate of a kingdom hanging in the balance ! The author does a masterful job weaving background information about the Whistlers and matriarchal world into the story , while developing a young romance story between a seeming commoner and a princess . A Brother 's Price is a gender bender Cinderella story sans the glass slipper !
 The book is set in an alternate reality , comparable to 16th , 17th century . The big difference in this world is a gender reversal . Women greatly outnumber the men , so they are the dominant sex and men are considered property . A family 's fortune is actually decided by how many males they birth.The protagonist is Jerin Whistler , a male of worth , from a warrior family . His family might not have the most spotless of histories -LRB- they `` stole '' their first male -RRB- but they have become a family of good standing and a bit of wealth , because the females of his family have given birth to four sons . Those four sons are a great prize and it actually means that his sisters can trade or sell Jerin to get a husband of their own . This `` sale '' is called A Brother 's Price.Jerin is beautiful , well tempered and from a good family so the sister 's know they will fetch a great price or trade for him . He is of age so all of his sisters are very hopeful of a good sale.The story gets interesting when a stranger is wounded on their land . Jerin finds the woman while accompanied by younger sisters , so he shirks propriety and assists the beautiful stranger , instead of leaving her for dead . Jerin takes the stranger into the family 's home and cares for her . Soon after , the strangers family comes for her and the Whistlers discover Jerin saved the life of the princess Odelia . When one of the princess ' take a liking to Jerin his whole world is turned upside down ... I highly recommend this book to fantasy lovers . It is a unique take on gender roles and propriety . Spencer is a wonderful author and I love most of what she has written . This is one of my favorite of hers , but I do like Tinker a wee bit more - I think it is the elves . Always a sucker for pointy ears .
 A Brother 's PriceI love Wen Spencer 's books , but this one threw me for a loop . She reversed the common set up of Men over Women and made the Women act like men . It was so odd that I had to read it twice in one day !!! Well written and funny . It remains one of my favorite books by her !!!
 This may be the first and only time that I 'll say this , so everyone should take advantage of it-I was wrong , my mother was right . < Sigh > For years , my mother has been urging me to read fantasy and science fiction novels , to branch out of my safe cocoon of romance books and thrillers . She 's touted the works of Wen Spencer as being some of the best , and yes , now that I 've had the privilege of reading A BROTHER 'S PRICE , I announce to the world that my mom was , as usual , correct.Kudos to Ms. Spencer for getting me so worked up with this book that I 'm now compelled to seek out her entire backlist ! With A BROTHER 'S PRICE , we enter a world in which it 's not oil , gold , or money that have the highest monetary value , but men . Men , as in male children born to mothers-an event that happens so rarely that male offspring are often hidden from everyone but immediate family , and that many of these children are treated as a commodity , bought , sold , traded , and sometimes stolen outright.For the women of Wen Spencer 's make-believe world-which , by the way , reads as oh-so-probable-having a male child is cause for celebration , joy , and secrecy . Due to miscarriages , still births , and unexplained circumstances , women have no trouble giving birth to a multitude of female offspring , but a boy is a very rare occurrence indeed.For Jerin Whistler , a boy who 's near to coming of age and the dreadful thought of being sold into a marriage of his sisters ' choosing , taking care of a multitude of younger siblings is n't enough of a life . Taking care of the family farm-when 's he let out of his sisters ' sight-isn ' t the kind of life he 'd imagined for himself , either . But with so many siblings , the majority of whom are girls , Jerin sees no other life but allowing himself to be sold into marriage for a `` brother 's price , '' gaining his sisters monetary gain to continue their way of life.When a mysterious young woman named Ren is left for dead in the wilderness of the Whistler property , Jerin knows that it 's his duty to bring the woman to safety and ease her back to health . What a surprise it is when he discovers that the beautiful Ren , for whom he 's quickly falling in love , is none other than Princess Rennsellaer . For Jerin 's family , all of whom are well-meaning despite their sometimes crass attitudes , Jerin 's rescue of a true-blooded Princess is the chance they 've been waiting for . All they need to do is return Ren to her royal family , arrange for her marriage to Jerin , and the family will be set for life.As most stories go , however , nothing is ever that simple . Jerin finds himself swept up into royal politics , where some women will stop at nothing to make sure that men are never allowed into positions of power . As Ren and Jerin grow more deeply in love , as tempers rise within the royal family , and as continued attempts to kidnap the Princess need to be thwarted , Jerin realizes that marrying for love might not be as easy as he 'd hoped.I loved this book ! A twist on the typical royal princess who wants to wait for her `` one true love , '' Wen Spencer 's world of too many women and too few men is all too believable . Jerin is a hero that anyone would be proud of , not only for his bravery and devotion , but for his desire to do whatever it takes to keep those he loves safe.To my mom , thanks again for being right ! And to Ms. Spencer , thanks for such a fabulous book , definitely worthy of its 5 Blue Ribbon rating !
 Many of the reviews for this book have been negative because this story is for the most part a bodice ripper type romance novel with a gender twist . This is true and that is not so bad a thng . This is light , fluffy , easy reading at its best . I found the gender reversals sort of fun . Jerin for the most part is , well , a girl . Sure he may be an XY but essentially Spencer has written a fairly typical female romance novel heroine and made her a HIM . The funny thing is , the women in the novel are still womanly , even though they are strong women . Reading the story caused my brain to wander off into some interesting directions . I really wanted to know more about how this world defined Masculine and Feminine . Many readers have commented on teh lack of development of the romancce between the leads . Well , if you have read romance novels before , contrivance is simply part of the game . There does n't have to be a reason for the characters to fall for one another . My other point is , Jerin , the lead , is a 15 yo boy . Most boys that age equate sexual attraction with love so I did not find his reaction to these women that out of character . I will admit that the reaction of the female leads to Jerin was a bit unnerving . Ren I am sure is at least 25 , 10 yrs older then Jerin . That did sort of clash with my reader sensibilities . All that being said , I would recommend this book to any Spencer fan .
 What would happen if the birth ratio of men to women was 1 to 20 instead of the present 1 to 1 -LRB- approximately -RRB- ? Ms. Spencer examines this vastly different world and finds it interesting.Unfortunately this book is out of print so yet again I had to purchase a used book . I wish the POD people would get their act in gear !
 I have called this an `` alternate history '' because to me it read more like an historical novel -LRB- kind of late 1800 's with touches of frontier culture but also some machinery and such -RRB- instead of a fantasy novel , though I can see why many might call it a fantasy novel . In this society , not many males are born , so the ones who are are kept safe at home by hordes of related `` sister wives '' , I guess , only it 's not like that at all . The women are very dynamic and powerful and the male characters have a lot of the traditional female traits you can find in historical romances . But at the same time they are also strong and inventive . As I do read a lot of romance , too , I just found this reversal to be fascinating.Anyway , the hero of the story is a brother who lives with a large , healthy group of ladies who I think do n't currently have a `` husband '' between them . But groups of ladies can barter with their brothers or sons and use them to get husbands or lots of money or what have you . That 's where the title comes from . The hero and some of his younger sisters end up rescuing a female soldier because all the older women are off doing other things . The hero is supposed to stay in the house where he can be protected since husband-snatching is not at all uncommon . But he rescues this lady anyway , and she turns out to be a royal princess in addition to a soldier -- she also turns out to be interested in him ! What follows is a lot of political intrigue and adventure.This book is not smutty even though the premise might sound like it would be smutty . It 's very good and creative , and I recommend it .
 If you want a book that blows your mind away this is it ! It is presented in the form a harlequin novel , but is actually a speculative fiction . What would a society that has only one man for every eight to ten women be like ? From this basic principle Wen Spencer challenges the notions of what we percieve as male and female qualities . The people presented , both male or female , each have there own unique personalities , but are still a product of their society , and it shows.A book that can be read many , many times . I am curently reading the book for the fourth time and I keep discovering how well thought out and complex this world really is . Speculative fiction tend to present a somewhat simplified world and people , but not this book . It attempts to present to us a human world in all it 's complexity . The world and the people presented could of course be much more elaborate , but there 's a limit to how much you can do in only threehundred pages . But for all it 's treehundred pages it does it remakably well .
 It 's been a long time since I 've enjoyed a book as much as this one.I 'm also a reader of romance , and I really liked the love story between the main character and one of the princesses , even if it probably ca n't be considered a romance by normal standards.The role-inversion between males and females was very well done , and the males ' limited rights in society had logical reasons behind them . We can be sympathetic to both the boy/man who wants to be free , and the women who absolutely need men to father the next generation.Is there a sequel ? If not , Wen Spencer , please write one !!! Or , better yet , write the prequel -LRB- if that 's the word -RRB- of Jerin 's grandfather !
 What would happen if only 1 or 10 or so children were male ? Wen Spencer never gives us exact figures in `` A Brother 's Price '' but given the families we meet a 10 % rate seems reasonable . Genetics wise how long could such a system last ? Spencer does n't answer that question either nor how long things have been in this way nor why they are that way in his fantasy novel . Those questions are the reason I took one star from the rating because I 'd love to know the answers . Otherwise the character of Jerin , soon to be groom to a large number of wives , his sisters , his potential wives ' families and their interactions are well written and kept me interested . However without the answers to my above questions I did n't quite buy into the political intrigues . That 's ok because an examination of sex ratios and social dynamics was interesting and entertaining enough .
 My first Wen Spencer book - it wo n't be my last ! Fully detailed character-driven and `` believeable '' fantasy/romantic story . It was satisfying for even those of us who are n't Fantasy or romance readers ! It filled an evening -LRB- and into the early morning hours -RRB- that would have been wasted watching mindless television . Thanks for working hard and using your talent , Ms. Spencer .
 Wen Spencer writes an interesting book . Its exactly opposite your usual expections and presents the reader with a new world to explore . I found it entertaining enough to read through it quite fast .
 As usual , I thoroughly enjoyed Wen Spencer 's writing . Turning the gender-specific roles topsy turvy was interesting , and tricky to do . My only complaint , which I always find in Spencer 's tales , is that the romance is just too abrupt . We meet , we fall in love , that 's it . But with that fairly minor exception , it 's a really good read . I read it in one sitting . Literally .
 A Brother 's Price takes an interesting view on a possible alternate world . A world where Men are rare and Women wear the pants . The book follows a variety of characters and postulates a world setting that is both interesting , and at the same time not overbearing . The story is the key , the world and the paradigm of a scarcity of men , merely ways of adding additional depth to the story . And the story itself is interesting . While not overly complex , some pieces of the storyline are visible to the reader early on , it takes the reader into another world and constantly flips your perspective . The use of the word she every time you expect he , the descriptions of men as creatures of fashion and property , the rough and tumble personalities of the female characters . All of these send you down roads of thought that are as philosophically interesting as the book and story itself is light and fun.Regardless of the Author 's intent , though I am quite sure she intended a great deal of the thought provocation , this book will easily provoke you to reconsider your views of male/female stereotypes , and also engage you in a fun story of the Heroine plunging headlong in to save her beloved from the events while he resourcefully attempts to get back to her.Wen also does n't stint on the romance and I for one almost miss the fact that there is no real equivalent to a bodice for men in her world setting for one of her characters to rip.Entertaining and Thought Provoking is what I would call this book and I can only say that it is an excellent read and a book you will find difficult to put down . It is n't for somebody looking purely for romance , or purely for fantasy , but rather for the reader who likes to think , enjoy and laugh .
 A story where roles are reversed . A world of amazons where women share a husband and the husband is valued . After all the usual stories featuring dominating alpha males , `` A Brother 's Price '' is refreshing and a novelty . The opening of the story takes a little time to get use to . Jerin cooking , looking after the kids while his sisters take up weapons on horsebacks ... But once you get use to the reversal of roles `` A Brother 's Price '' is great fun and even touching.I do not find any feminism in the story . On the contrary `` A Brother 's price '' appeals to the maternal side of me . A world where us women protect the men folk definitely appeals to me ! And the characters are charming , Jerin absolutely adorable and the princesses equally delightful . Some reviewers have difficulty accepting the roles reversal but this is friction and I am glad for Spencer 's creativity . How about a sequel !
 This is a romance novel . All the conventions are here , love at first sight -LRB- mutual , of course -RRB- , georgeous protagonist , evil doings in the background , kidnappings , murder , exotic locales , ... with one ... slight ... difference . Our plucky heroine is actually our plucky hero and the to-die-for mate is actually mates as in 10 royal sisters looking for a husband . A beautiful , gentrified male with royal blood only 2 generations back and a slightly unconventional upbringing makes a fine target for romantic machinations . Throw in some dynastic in-fighting a la eastern Europe and the plot thickens.Ms . Spencer also follows the basic rule for all good alternate history writers and only asks that the reader accept one alteration to the world we know . Her alteration is that males are born in a 1 in 10 or 20 birth ratio . All the other changes in the society flow from that one change.This is a fun book . Watching Wen Spencer take the conventions of the romance novel and turn them inside out without sliding into parody is part of the fun . Writing to format can be a straightjacket or liberating for a writer . Ms. Spencer took the liberties ... lots of them .
 What a strange role reversal . The men are pampered , raise the children , give the comfort -LRB- kissing the booboos -RRB- , and generally have the soft hearts . They wrap their arms around the female 's neck and seek comfort and strength by cuddling into her body . I know ... it sounds so feminine . You would n't think you could become involve in such a novel . You would n't think you could picture a such a man attractive , yet , you do.In this strange world , based in a time period similar to the 19th century , men are EXTREMELY rare . Whole groups of sisters that can number as many as 10 to 30 women will share a husband in order to have offspring . The results would be another huge brode of girl siblings , with the hopes of perhaps one boy -LRB- more than that and the family was considered lucky and rich -RRB- . The women guard there men by keeping them hidden away from any other woman not a sister or mother under guard . Meanwhile , the women are the ones who rule , work , fight , and labor.Jerin Whistler 's family is one of the lucky ones . He may have over 25 female siblings , but he is also the oldest of four brothers , too . His sisters protect their commodity with all their force . He and his brothers are their only chance of purchasing their own husbands to share in the future . Because the wealth of four brothers , they will be able to split the sisters in two to three groups . Each group sharing one husband they will get after selling or trading a brother for . Jerin will be coming of age for marriage in only a few months -LRB- he 'll be turning 16 ! -RRB- when a stranger is attacked on their land . With the elder sisters and mothers gone , it is up to Jerin and a younger sister -LRB- for protection -RRB- to bring the stranger home and out of danger . Little do they all realize , she 's also a princess , and her and her sisters will change all their lives.I could not put this novel down . I started reading in the evening and the next thing I knew it , it was four in the morning !
 This is that rare thing - a stand-alone novel . A nice change from the trilogies , quadrologies , decalogies and so forth that flood the market today.However , A Brother 's Price paints such an intriguing picture of a human society where women outnumber men by about 20:1 that you would really rather like it if the author kept writing in this universe , just to help figure out the whys and wherefores!The plot is fairly standard -LRB- if usually seen with reversed sexes -RRB- - hero is married off to royalty for family advantage , uncovers dastardly plot , is kidnapped , escapes with plucky courage , is caught again , menaced and finally rescued by wives - but the questions raised by the background society do n't occur until you have finished the book , so adeptly is your belief suspended . Standard plot or not , though , the hero is appealing and sympathetic enough that you worry about him and hope he gets his ` happy ever after ' . I found this book well worth the wait , and will hope for further books about the society depicted .
 A BROTHER 'S PRICE is a delightful read . If you like both romance and SF , as I do , you will almost certainly be delighted ! I enjoyed it thoroughly . Someone gave me a copy , and I did not think from the cover that I would like it . After letting the book gather dust on a bookshelf for a few months , I picked it up yesterday and put it down only when I had to.A BROTHER 'S PRICE plays around with gender questions , postulating a world in which humans reproduce far fewer men than women . Men have become a rare , prized , expensive commodity . There are other authors who have taken a more serious look at gender questions -LRB- Octavia Butler , for example -RRB- . A BROTHER 'S PRICE is a more light , playful foray into this territory , emphasizing action and adventure . It never gets bogged down by taking all this too seriously . It is a delightfully light , quick fantasy read . Though it plays with some big questions , it avoids any peachiness or prescriptiveness . Mostly , this is good fantasy adventure with a delightful cast of characters and setting.I recommend it !
 In the title of this review , I call it light and smooth . A Brother 's Price is light because it is easy to read and does n't raise too many hard questions . While reading it , I just slid into the world . That 's why I call it smooth.Just like with Tinker , Wen Spencer does n't use exposition , encyclopedia entries or long history discussions between characters to create her world . She throws the reader into her new world with just enough hints to figure out what 's going on.In A Brother 's Price , we are tossed into a world of horses , rifles , steamboats , and by the way , it 's controlled by women , because there are 30 women to every man . The story itself is a romance/adventure . The princess is rescued , she and her sister fall in love with the oldest brother of the family that rescued the princess , he 's invited to court so that the royal sisters can romance him and politics and danger follow.It 's a fun read with a happy ending
 It 's nice to find a book that completely stands out in the fantasy genre . A Brother 's Price is an extremely original romance -LRB- and please do not mistake this for anything but a romance -RRB- . As the summery and other reviews will say , it is based in a world where there the birth of a baby boy is rare . In this world , women rule though clans of sisters and men are nothing but pieces of property.I enjoyed all of the little details that Wen Spencer put into the novel . Landmarks are named after females , the fairy tales and nursery rhymes also have strong female influences.The plot itself is filled with clich&eacute;s . If it were n't for the gender switch , they would be unforgivable . By far the most interesting part was when the Whistlers came to the palace for the first time and the actual courtship began . The ending mad dash and subsequent ` damsel rescue ' paled for me.After a bit , it did get a little creepy especially when the author would write the man having bows in his long hair and acting like a silly little - well -- girl . What is the point of writing a female dominated society when all the women end up doing is acting like men?Anyway , my advice to readers who are thinking about this book is to once again remember that this is a romance novel ... and a rather silly one at that . The whole idea of the gender switch is silly in itself so you need to approach the book with a very light heart and be ready to forgive a few small plot holes .
 What if birth/infant mortality rates result in a disproportion of one male to more than twenty females ? Wen Spencer speculates that a society with such a background would not give rise to a feminist utopia . There would still be war and crime , murder , mayhem and betrayal . Men would become precious commodities.Set against this backdrop , A Brother 's Price tells the tale of a plucky , young hero who finds and wins love with his wives despite husband raids and a plot against the throne . I read this book in one day and am about to commence a re-read . Wen Spencer has created a believable world with engaging characters . I look forward to reading whatever she writes next !
 This book tells the story of young man in a culture where the majority of male children are stillborn . It explores what such a culture , one necessarily dominated by women would be like . As well as focusing on the life of the main Character.It is an excellent book filled with lots of intrigue , politics and action.I only give it 4 stars because while the action was good and the social interactions great . The main character was of necessity kept out of the fore front of what action was taking place.Still despite this minor detraction A Brother 's Price is an excellent book and a good read.I 'd recomend buying a copy , if you go to the book store without something specific in mind , then this would be a good book to pick up.The Deposed King
 PRICE is a nice reworking of a very old SF trope
 Wen Spencer is an artist in creating captivating worlds that remove you from reality . A Brothers Price is such an interesting twist on gender roles that I really wish she would write more in this universe . But she seems to have had her moment of inspiration and is no longer interested in visiting this part of her mind again . Sad .
 I could not put this book down . A very good read and a good twist on our reality .
 This world captivated me . I am sure there are some lovers of romance who would complain about the gender role reversal , because they want their heroes alpha and experienced , so I am relieved that `` A Brother 's Price '' was not pegged as a romance at my library . However , the romance in this story is undeniable!Jerin Whistler may be bound by the laws of the matriarchal society he lives in but he is a full character , strong and passionate and everything a hero should be - he just stays at home instead of going to battle . He is also only 15/16 throughout the course of the novel . While he is certainly intelligent -LRB- his mothers and sisters have taught him things that men in his society are forbidden from doing , such as horse riding and weapon wielding , also he was well educated at home -RRB- , I found his naivete about women and sex rather adorable , not at all annoying . Jerin is definitely a breath of fresh air for me . I was getting tired of macho alpha males ! I 'm not saying that Spencer completely abolished gender stereotypes with this book , she merely reversed them . There 's no real equality at work here , but it is still a refreshing , fun fantasy.I did n't even question the gender reversal in this book . I have read books about matriarchal societies before that made me wonder , but Wen Spencer has covered all of her bases here and I find her world rather believable . Sure , I had to extend my disbelief a bit when the females could physically overpower the males , but Spencer did n't ignore biology completely . Sometimes in gender role reversal books , the women can be brutal and the men simpering , but that was n't the case in `` A Brother 's Price . '' Characters here have both strengths and weaknesses and most of them are delightful , down the last child in Jerin 's enormous family . Other favourite characters of mine include Ren , the most prevalent princess throughout the story and a woman of both great passion and firm resolve , and Cullen , the cheeky cousin of the princesses who befriends Jerin halfway through the novel.I do n't want to give away any of the plot , but I highly recommend this book if you 're looking for something a bit different . It 's a truly unique world and an engaging romance . I read over 200 pages of it in a couple hours , I was that motivated to finish it , and that does n't happen often ! I 'm hoping Wen continues this gem of a tale , because I 'm anxious to read more about Jerin , but also his little brothers and Cullen .
 Before deciding to write a review I read several of the other reviews the book received , so let me start out saying that , yes , it is a romance novel . If you do n't like romance novels you probably wont like this book either . However , if you like books with strong female characters you might just like this one as much as I did.So many stories seem to put women in just so the men have something worth fighting for , or rescuing , but not this story . In `` A Brother 's Price '' the world has been turned on its head and women are in charge . The result is that all of the female characters in this story have an innate strength that is commonly lacking in other stories.One of the confusing points for many readers of this story will come in the subservient nature of the male characters . For the most part men in Ms. Spencer 's world are raised without the ability to say no to whatever they 're dominant sisters or wives may want . Men are property , sold or traded on every day , sometimes into situations where they commit suicide just to get away . Something to understand
 I read mostly alternate universe stories , and a fantasy book every now and then . I found this one to be quite thought provoking . It really felt strange reading about dominant characters , and finding out every single one was a woman . Every single time , a soldier , a guard , or a messenger was mentioned , my brain kept substituting a male image , only to be told WRONG ! It made me wonder , if the reason women do n't read sci-fi/fantasy , is because they feel marginalized the way I felt reading this novel.Another positive aspect of the story , is that it is not padded - the pace is very brisk , and there is always something going on . One can easily finish the entire piece in a day.I would n't mind reading sequels , if there are any coming .
 This book works on so many levels , it 's hard to know where to start . On one hand , it 's almost formula romance , with the slight twist that it 's the boy who gets to be unusually plucky and courageous while his wives-to-be work to rescue him from danger . Oh , right , there 's another little twist - Jerin is being wooed by no fewer than five princesses.The story is fast-paced -LRB- as all of Wen Spencer 's are -RRB- and gripping . I too long for a sequel , or better still , a prequel done on the story of Jerin 's kidnapped grandfather , Prince Alannon .
 This is my favorite Wen Spencer , an incredibly talented writer whose works include the Ukiah Oregon science fiction and Elfhome fantasy series . This book is a stand alone.Jerin is a man -LRB- 16 year old boy , really -RRB- in a world where men are rare . The title refers to the price that families get for selling their sons and brothers as husbands . This is a story we 've read before , usually with women as the commodity . But rarely has an author done as well with the details as Spencer did here . Since men are rare , they are a family 's most valuable property . Since they must be protected , they are the softer sex . They wear the jewelry and cosmetics and long hair ; they are submissive , modest and virtuous ; they take care of the home and children ; they ca n't indulge in dangerous pasttimes that might risk their health and worth ; they do n't have to be educated ; they live in fear of kidnapping and rape , etc. . If you and a friend read this book together , you could spend a lot of time discussing the philosophical ramifications of the premise.That aside , you can just revel in a GREAT BOOK . The writing is well done , tightly plotted , a lot of action , and really likeable characters . You will love Jerin and the Whistler family.Read this book .
 I 'm going to write a three-part review.PART 1 . OVERVIEW -LRB- Skip this if you have read several other reviews . -RRB- The book is a romance with gender role reversal . In a society where one male is born for every 10 to 20 females , males are property and act like women . They raise the children , cook , and are protected and cherished . They are usually kept ignorant . The women do all of the what used to be considered men 's work . The hero is everything a traditional heroine should be . He is brave , loyal , clever , and pretty . -LRB- Yes , I mean pretty , not handsome , because that is the tone of the book . -RRB- If the book is read simply as a romance/adventure novel it follows predictable lines and is still a good read.PART 2
 This is yet another good book by Wen Spencer . Although I would have loved to have seen another book set in the world of Tinker , this book presents an interesting world as well and the first of her books that I have read that has nothing to do with Pennsylvania . The story is interesting because it is set in a place where women far out number men , and where women manage all aspects of society and men are sheltered , pampered , and the primary care giver for of the children . There are aspects of war , intrigue , fantasy , and romance wrapped up in the 310 pages of this novel .
 It was a quick read , well-written with a twist that had me intrigued from the blurb . Looking forward to seeing what else the author puts out .
 I 'm always excited to see a new Nicole Byrd book , but I was especially eager for this one , after meeting Clarissa in the previous book , Vision in Blue.In Gilding the Lady , Nicole Byrd takes the long lost sister of the hero of her previous book , who 'd ended up in a nasty orphanage and was then sent out to work at a young age -- lots of abuse , etc. . Her brother finally found her and rescued her in the last book , and now , at 19 , she 's got to try to re-learn how to be a lady . A reckless earl sees her in a dispute with her governess on the street , and his friend bets him that he ca n't make her the toast of the ton.There 's also a murder mystery and the ongoing search for the natural father of the heroine from the previous book & her brother -LRB- hero of a yet earlier book -RRB- . It 's a really nice series , and by the end of this book , we 've picked up several more connections who are begging for their own books.The good : The mystery . Clarissa and Whitby join forces to discover who murdered the former matron of the foundling home , a murder that implicates Clarissa.The humor . A staple of Regency-era romances is the witty dialogue , and Gilding the Lady is no exception.The series connections . In contrast to many romance series , characters from previous or future books do n't just make token appearances , they 're integral to the story . There is also an ongoing series plot that ties the books together.The bad : While Gilding the Lady does give you enough information that you can read it without having read the other books in the series , you will get more out of it if you 've read the others.The wonderful : Watching Clarissa regain a sense of her own worth , Whitby mature from the heedless , devil-may-care earl into a caring , thoughtful hero . As in all the best love stories , the romance between them is both a cause and a result of their personal growth.The verdict : Gilding the Lady has Nicole Byrd 's trademark blend of romance , mystery , wit , and sensuality . Highly recommended .
 My advise is to skim through the first five to six chapters -- they 're a bit slow going and repetitive . However once you 've breached the sixth chapter mark , `` Gilding the Lady '' becomes a very enjoyable and fascinating read about a young woman fighting to put all her old fears and insecurities behind her and save herself from an unjust accusation of murder.Although Clarissa Fallon was born a gentlewoman , her life has not been an easy one -- growing up in poverty , she was first , sent to an orphanage when her mother died and her elder brother , Matthew , was thought to be dead , and later sold into servitude . Except that Matthew was not dead . And when several years later , Matthew , with the help of his new wife , Gemma , finds her , Clarissa really thought that all her troubles were behind her . Except that Clarissa is finding it to be exceptionally hard going trying to adjust to her new life of luxury , feeling very much a fraud , and fearing that someone will recognise that she was once a servant and make her and Matthew the laughingstocks of the ton.And then one day , Clarissa sees the matron of the hellish orphanage that she was sent to in one of the fashionable streets of London . Clarissa confronts her dragon , only to have her run off after a fierce face off . And when later the ex-matron is found murdered , Clarissa finds herself high on the suspect list . But this time , Clarissa need not fear facing the world on her own . For now she has Matthew and Gemma on her side , and unexpectedly the worldly Earl of Whitby , who has decided not only to help Clarissa find her place in Society , but to help her establish her innocence as well ... Because `` Gilding the Lady '' is a follow-up to `` Vision in Blue '' much of the interesting bits of this novel -LRB- what goes on in a badly run orphanage , poverty , and the kind of difficult lives that servants lead -RRB- was a little stale -- esp if you 've just recently finished `` Vision in Blue . '' And if Clarissa had been a different sort of heroine , the first few chapters of the book might have been a tad more engaging . As it was , even though I tried to empathise with her fears and feelings of inadequacy , I did get tired of her self-pity after a bit . Fortunately , this is where the murder inquiry sets in -- the pacing picks up , the storyline livens up and Clarissa matures almost beyond recognition as she discovers something else to focus on aside from all her shortcomings . It is also at this point that the chemistry , hitherto quite a bit absent between our hero & heroine , starts to sizzle . And I 'll say this for our stiff and aloof hero , the Earl of Whitby , he does know how to capture a girl 's interest -- that scene in the carriage where he kisses Clarissa 's wrist was very sensual . The biggest problem I had with `` Gilding the Lady '' however , was that the subplot dealing with Gabriel Sinclair 's -LRB- from `` Dear Impostor '' -RRB- search for his natural father kept intruding where it really was n't wanted , and gave this novel an off center feel . I know that this search is what links several of the author 's previous novels together , and serves as a set up for her next few books , but I really did think that this subplot intruded and detracted from the overall cohesive feel of `` Gilding the Lady . `` Nicole Byrd is an extremely talented author , and I have enjoyed previous novels by her immensely -LRB- most notably `` Robert 's Lady , '' `` Dear Impostor '' & `` The Beauty in Black '' -RRB- and once Clarissa pulled herself out of her doldrums and started focusing on something else other than her shortcomings , `` Gilding the Lady '' proved to be a rather good read too . All in all a very good 31/2 star read .
 This book had everything you need to create a good romance
 I am so , so glad I did n't listen to the nasty review someone else put up here and just went with my past experience with this author . I 've just recently discovered Nicole Byrd and read both WIDOW IN SCARLET and BEAUTY IN BLACK -LRB- loved , loved , LOVED them -RRB- and then was so happy that a new Byrd was out.I was immediately swept up in the action from the first page when Clarissa sees the face in the crowd that has haunted her for years . And Dominic ! He was so sexy and tortured -- the perfect hero for Clarissa . I really enjoyed the whole `` My Fair Lady '' theme , too ! Now I have to go back and read the rest of Nicole Byrd 's backlist . This book really made my day . I could n't put it down and it gave me several hours of romance and escape .
 I have very conservative beliefs and I 'll admit after reading some of the bad reviews on this book I expected to hate this story . Surprise , I loved it ! LaVyrle Spencer has never let me down . This book moved me . I felt for the characters . I agree that Maggie and Eric should not have started their affair while Eric was still married , but I felt the author did a good job of making them realize this . These characters grew as people throughout this story and they paid dearly for their mistakes . I hate when a book seems to have bad people in it just to excuse bad behavior from other characters . I did n't get that from this book . Yes , Nancy was n't a good person and she did n't love Eric -LRB- Nor was she faithful to him -RRB- , but the story did n't use this to excuse his mistakes . I really sympathized with Katy . I was very self-righteous when I was her age . I saw things only in black or white . I think she should have tried to understand what her mother was going thru and offered her support if not her approval . We are raised to offer our children unconditionally love , I think as parents we should get the same whenever possible . I loved the character of Anna Severson . She put Eric in his place whenever he needed it , but was supportive of her son as well . I could understand Maggie 's dad doing what he did at the end of the story . It was great to see that Roy was so supportive of Maggie when she needed him most . I think this story is about two people that fell in love and did n't handle things in the best way , but they still deserved happiness .
 Eric and Maggie were high school sweethearts in Fish Creek , Wisconsin . They drifted apart in college , and she ended up happily married in Seattle , he back home running his father 's fishing boat . After Maggie 's husband dies , she decides to move home and open a bed and breakfast - and all hell breaks loose . Eric 's already floundering marriage crumbles under the weight of their rekindled mutual attraction . A moving portrait of families in conflict , love , adultery and betrayal.I have read many of LaVyrle Spencer 's books , but this one keeps me coming back again and again , picking up another nuance each time .
 Anyone who ever loved and lost someone when he or she was in high school , will be drawn to this story . The author presents an interesting scenario . What if we had a second chance at having a relationship with our high school sweetheart ? I liked the idea of love transcending time and getting a second chance with the one who got away , but I wish that Eric was n't married . Since he is married , it would have been better for Maggie and Eric to just have a friendship . I liked the grief issues that Maggie was facing in the beginning of the story . I thought Ms. Spencer handled those scenes very well . If you like Ms. Spencer 's other novels , this one wo n't leave you disappointed .
 This is NOT a Book for prudish people , or the un-educated . It is a wonderful work of fiction by Mrs. Spencer.It is a very quick and good fictional read . No reason for any one who is so up-tite with them-selves or life to get their panties in a bunch.I recommend also Her book Morning Glory , wonderfully written .
 I know that this is a book about a adultery , but it is also about a first love and finding love again . I think that the villian is the `` wife '' and that makes it easy to pull for these forbidden lovers . Really good romance .
 Here we have a romance that involves a triangle , the man , the wife and another woman . How will it all end ? Where do our sympathies lie ? This is a thought-provoking story with lots of twists and turns , filled with heart-wrenching suspense . Interesting story!Evelyn Horan - teacher/counselor/authorJeannie , A Texas Frontier Girl , Books One - Three
 The first time I read Bittersweet , I borrowed it from the library . I borrowed it 2 more times and then finally bought my own copy . I loved this book and most of Ms. Spencer 's books . Yes , sometimes she 's predictable , but I laughed and cried everytime I read Bittersweet . I was introduced to this wonderful author by a dear friend and now have the pleasure of passing on her books to my daughter , when she 's older , and my mother . The romance genre lost someone special when Lavyrle Spencer put down her pen .
 This book did n't sound appealing to me but for some reason I picked it up and started reading . I could n't put it down . Two days later at 2:30 am I finished it and pressed the book tightly to my chest . I already miss Eric and Maggie , Katy , Roy , Suzanne ... It has been a long time since I laughed out loud when reading a book . Spencer put these characters together well . Not only did I laugh with them , I also felt their pain and heartbreak.There are holes in the plot and it 's fairly predictable , but I found myself wanting to be carried on this journey . I could n't wait to read what I knew was going to happen.I did look for some elements of the plot that magically disappeared -LRB- the grief group , the suicidal girl , etc. -RRB- but I soon let it go.This is n't a deep book . It is n't filled with metaphors and age-old wisdoms , but it contains fairly realistic people with realistic problems . For all practical purposes I should n't have enjoyed it . I am much younger than the age group of its characters . I was an English major in college and love the deep discussions books can evoke and I generally do n't like flowery writing . Even so , I can appreciate it for the fact that it 's easy to read . It 's an escape I will remember . I ca n't say that about any other `` escapist '' novel I 've ever read.I loved this book . It helped me see that there is beauty in her writing . It does n't have to be deep and metaphorical . Bitter Sweet touched me ; it renewed my faith in romance .
 For years I 've been searching for a romance writer who is even comparable to Judith McNaught . Well ... I just found her . This book was touching and sweet and yes ... bitter . Love , loss , human frailty , and the will to survive were all emotions realistically tapped into in this book . I thoroughly enjoyed it and will be checking out everything else LaVyrle Spencer has written .
 This is my all time favorite book and I do n't generally read romance novels - it should be made into a movie -LRB- who would play Eric , Maggie , Nancy ? -RRB- The reason I read the book was because it was about Door County . I enjoy my yearly visit to the Door and my goal is to someday own a B&B or a retail store there so enjoyed that aspect of the storyline . Door County is truly a beautiful place . I loved the grief counseler 's idea of contacting old friends - they do remind us of simpler times . I do wish a little follow up would have been given to the grief group friends in Seattle such as what happened to all of them after a few months . I loved all of the characters , but especially liked Anna , Brookie , and Roy . I wish LaVyrle Spencer would write a follow up to this book - what happens to Katy , Roy , Vera ? Definitely a good read for a snowy , winter , weekend !
 - I GOT TO KNOW HER BOOKS WHILE I STAYED IN THE STATES , AND BACK IN MY OWN COUNTRY I 'M WAITING FOR THEM AS I WAIT FOR THE HOLIDAYS . - MY COPY OF BITTER SWEET IS SO WORN OUT BECAUSE I 'VE READ IT SO OFTEN , I ALWAYS ENJOY IT . LOOKING FORWARD FOR HER LAST BOOK . THANKS SO MUCH FOR THOSE BOOKS
 I first read Spencer 's Bitter Sweet about 3-5years ago . It is a beautiful love story , andeffected me in a way that is truly hard todescribe . It was a powerful book , becauseI go back and read it over and over again eventhough I know what will happen . Spencer is awonderful author , and I have read every bookshe has in print . I highly reccommend BitterSweet to be a first read by Spencer if younever read any of her works . Once you readBitter Sweet , you WILL come back for more .
 The storyline of this book is excellent -LRB- high school sweethearts reunited -RRB- . Even though I did n't think I would like this book , I had a very difficult time putting it down because the majority of the characters including the leads were very likeable . However , I can only give this book four stars because there were a few things in this book I just did n't like . First of all , I do not condone extra marital affairs . Eric and Maggie should have waited until he was divorced before they had sex . Second , I am from the Seattle area and I did not like the author 's references to the Pacific Northwest as a depressing , gloomy place . The part of the book that took place in Seattle also took place during the month of August which is usually our driest month . However , in this book , it was always raining . I also did not like the depiction of Katy as a brat , she had every right to be angry at her mother . Lavyrle Spencer did do an excellent job of describing the setting in Door County ; it is now one of the places I would most like to see . I would recommend this book for `` good '' reading but it 's not her best .
 Bitter Sweet is a love story about a pair of high school sweethearts who rediscover each other after many years . Recently widowed Kate contacts former high school friends on the advice of her grief therapist and meets Eric , her first love , now married to a dedicated career woman who refuses to consider starting a family , although why this was n't discussed before marriage , one ca n't imagine ! She sells the family home and returns to her hometown to open a B and B , much to the horror of her teenaged daughter , newly at college . After many trials and tribulations -LRB- including an unexpected pregnancy -RRB- everyone lives happily ever after . This was , I thought , a fairly typical soap , until the last pages of the book , when I found that I could n't swallow the huge lump in my throat as I read the wedding scene , and found tears of happiness trickling down my cheeks . I 'm not a book crier and have n't felt totally choked up by a book since the attic scene between Jo and Beth in `` little Women '' which I read when I was 12 . So what was it about the wedding scene that was SO moving ? Just Ms.Spencers wonderful ability to get right into the emotion of the moment and make you feel that you were there in person . I 'll NEVER sneer at romantic stories again-promise !
 This novel explores the interesting scenario of being reunited with a lost love . I think many people wonder what happened to individuals they 've known earlier in their life . The idea of reuniting with an old flame is particularly intriguing . It took a lot of guts for Maggie to initially contact Eric . I think the story would have been much better if Eric had n't been married when he received Maggie 's phone call . Single , widowed , divorced , it would n't have mattered , just as long as he was available to love Maggie . Even though Eric 's wife did n't love him , it did n't excuse his behavior . The author did an excellent job in the beginning of the story when she related what it felt like to lose a spouse . If Eric had been widowed too , it would have been a much more interesting dynamic . Overall , the book was a good read , and one I 'd recommend .
 Being from near Door County Wisconsin this book was wonderful and made me homesick . I was from Kewaunee County -LRB- next door to Door County -RRB- I have read EVERY one of her books and was so sad to hear she was going to give it up ... PLEASE write us more books ...
 `` Bitter Sweet '' is the first book that I have read by Lavyrle Spencer . It is a wonderful romantic story where the characters grew on me and I could n't stop thinking about them . You have to read this book , you wo n't be disappointed .
 Love Spencer 's concentration on character development instead of just plot development . Instead the two are intertwined & rely on each other to fetch the readers attention . I have read similar plots in many of her books but because of character development I was not bored or felt that the story was just rewritten . I found myself crying with the heroine & getting angry at the hero 's wife . I love her writing & though I still have n't found a story better than Morning Glory , this is a close second .
 I 've read this book several years ago and loved it . So I decided to read it again on my Kindle , and enjoyed it once again .
 This is such a great book ! One I have read and re-read several times ... I highly recommend it . LaVryle Spencer is truly gifted in her ability to write such emotional and engaging stories , with such believable characters and situations ! You will not be sorry if you purchase and read this book .
 As usual LaVyrle Spencer has created an endearing love story . It takes the characters from despair to happiness and back to despair and finally true happiness . She has a way of making her characters come to life . Well done .
 I 've re-read this book many times since its original publishing . I enjoy that the author presents a main character who tackles issues head on , with little self doubt . Even so , she is just as emotionally vunerable as any normal human being & is lousy at at resisting temptation . I was suprised , however , that the author did not have the main character even consider an abortion as a viable option to her unplanned pregnancy . Sure , it 's easy to just ignore reason and go along with the statis quo , but it takes real guts to stop and make one 's own adult decision . I thought there was room for the main character to consider & choose abortion as the best option . Other than that old-fashioned solution , I really loved this book and its cast of characters .
 This is one of the best love stories i have ever read . I have read this book maybe 10x over the years and i can not get enough of the characters in this book . The first time i read it i picked it up and could not put it down , so i spent the night reading it . Even though what Maggie and Eric did was wrong -LRB- i didnt think so at first , not with his wife -RRB- once i got married my feelings changed . Now if you want to read a book that will Keep you up all night reading because you ca n't put it down , then read this one . I fell in love with these characters . ESP Ma who tore into Eric like she loved him ! I loved Maggies dad for standing beside her , even though she was wrong . And for giving his granddaughter a wake up call . I wont ever look at pancakes the same -LRB- lol -RRB- without thinking about these two nuts . I highly , HIGHLY recommend this book and author !! Lavyrle `` Berle '' Spencer .
 I have read this several times and have purchased copies for friends . Two of my friends and I even went to WI and the sceen of the book . Am now going to purchase it in audio -LRB- although wish it was unabrided -RRB- to listen to on an upcoming road trip . Love this book . It is my all time favorite !!!!!!!!!
 I had read this book years ago and wanted to read it again . Unfortunately I had gotten rid of my original copy .
 I was quite pleased to be able to find a book that I had looked for at te stores for quite some time . The stores had told me they were n't able to get it . When I was able to find it on amazon.com it made my day .
 This is another book that was given to me as a gift which again I probably would have never bothered to picked up otherwise . As someone who does not read the `` typical '' romance novel , I loved this book . I 'm recommending it to my friends -LRB- who would n't pick it up either -RRB- and I am recommending it here .
 I received the book I ordered very timely . The price -LRB- even with shipping -RRB- was better than any place that I could have purchased in my area . I had read this book many years ago , and I purchased it for a Christmas gift . The person I gave it to really enjoyed it since she had been to Door County , Wisconsin recently . Its makes you feel like you are back on vacation again . A very good story line . I highly recommended it for light reading on a cold snowly day .
 BITTER SWEET by Lavryle SpencerA widow returns home and revisits memories and a high school love in BITTER SWEET , a romance by one of the best writers in this genre , Lavryle Spencer . Maggie Stearn deals with the death of her husband with weekly group counseling sessions , and as the story opens , she is finally saying `` goodbye '' to Philip . At this same session she , along with her other group-mates , learns that one of the group 's members had just attempted suicide , and this leaves a heavy feeling of sorrow among the group . Maggie goes home depressed with the knowledge of Tammi , but also knowing that Maggie 's only daughter Katy is about to leave home for college . The house , and her life , will soon be empty.Maggie remembers something her counselor advised
 Bittersweet is my favorite book of all time . I have read it over and over . For anyone who knows the true meaning of `` first love '' this book is surely to be a heartwarmer . I know there are lots more intellectual books I could be reading , but , this is pure enjoyment for me .
 I came across this book in some items I ` inherited ' and decided to read it , not really know what to expect . I guess I expected a romance , and I guess it is ... but not the typical , you know what 's gon na happen romance . Not even the typical you know how it oughta end romance . The book was long . . almost 500 pages . And like a typical soap opera , every time you think it could be resolved a new twist comes along . I 'm not complaining ... that is why we watch soap operas ... right?We pick up the story with Maggie , a widow in grief therapy . Maggie 's husband was killed in a plane crash and the result is she has all the money she will ever need . She also has a daughter about to leave for college . Her therapist recommends getting in touch with old friends , and boy , does she ever . She ends up moving back to her home town , where her HS sweetie now lives with his wife and troubled marriage . He wants kids ... she does n't . He wants a small town life ... she wants a cosmopolitan area . He wants a domestic woman ... she wants a jet-setting career . Oh , and she is specatacularly beautiful ; she does n't like his family and they do n't like her . The truth is , this marriage probably should have ended a decade ago , as they seem to have nothing in common.Along comes Maggie , and though they seem to have good intentions in honoring his marriage vows ... of course it does n't work out as they plan . On one level , the whole story is about Maggie and Eric resuming their relationship . But at another level , it is about coping with change , and forgiveness . And a wise old woman ... Eric 's mom , Anna.A couple of things about the story bothered me , and if you do n't want to know ... stop reading now . I do n't want to spoil this for you if you plan to read the book.Ok ... first , though I do agree that Maggie , and any adult , has a right to do what is necessary to move on with life , I did think it was a bit selfish of her to pick up and move across the country 2 months after her daughter left for her freshman year of college . Not that she did n't have that right , because she did , but ... she was ripping her daughter 's life apart and did n't even acknowledge that . Yes , she moved back to HER home town where she spent her HS years , and it was comforting to HER , but in return she uprooted her daughter from HER hometown and HS friends ... AND she did n't even get to say goodbye to them . She left for college assuming she 'd be home at Christmas and probably hanging out with old friends next summer , not even SUSPECTING she 'd be moving . I thought Maggie should have discussed it with her before she put the house on the market , and maybe offered to fly her out to see her friends , or even keep the house for a year , since she IS a millionaire now.The second thing is that there were a lot of unanswered questions about Eric 's wife , Nancy . The implication was that she 'd had several one night stands while traveling for business , but that was dropped . The baby she aborted could have been the result of one of these , but we did n't get told about that . Neither did Eric . He was left feeling guilty because he cheated , and never even realized she did first . Also , we know that Eric and Maggie reunited and presumably lived happily ever after , but we are n't really told what became of Nancy . Did she return to Chicago ? Did she find a partner who was enthusiastic about sharing her lifestyle and dreams . Nancy was n't really a bad person ... just scared . Once she was forced to acknowledge that Eric was n't the right partner , perhaps she was also freed to find a man who was , but we do n't know .
 This book has to do with moving on from catastrophes in life -LRB- Maggie 's husband died the year before -RRB- and doing what is right for you , not those around you . Maggie is a strong , yet gentle woman who goes back to her hometown after a lot of convincing from some old friends that she just got re-acquainted with . Maggie buys a fabulous old house and begins repairs on it so that she can open a B&B . Along the way she runs into Eric , her high school beau , who is in a loveless marriage but committed to staying . The story is Maggie 's and it includes growing after 40 , falling in love the second time and dealing with all that life has to throw at you . The connection between Maggie and Eric is electric and deep and so real that everyone can relate to that special someone that they have or have had in their life that makes them feel this alive . It is a great book that has such detailed descriptions that I can still picture the house and the driveway , the town , Eric walking across the street , Maggie in her pink jacket and rosy cheeks -- it 's great . Enjoy .
 From the reviews , this one tends to be an `` either you like it or you do n't '' kind of book . But I am glad I read it . I am now at the age of the main characters . And though I , too , do n't agree with pre-marital affairs I am not going to judge those that fall into it . Maggie and Eric should have gotten together back in high school . But `` long-distance romances '' are hard to maintain and apparently over time they grew apart . 20 years later Maggie is a fairly recent widow trying to cope with the loss and get on with her life by getting in touch with old friends . Eric is `` happily married '' at least he thinks so - even though there are parts of his marriage that he still has n't been able to accept and hoped they would correct themselves over time . But flames start up when he sees his high school sweetheart for the first time in years . Maggie visits the old hometown . They try reallllllll hard to hold feelings back but time keeps putting them together . Eric 's wife Nancy is more interested in her career and self-image than starting a family that Eric has desired from the beginning . Oh there were parts that I did not agree with . As far as some reviews wanting Eric to be a widow too - well , that would have made a different story . I still would have liked Eric to have called Maggie towards the end to let her know what was taking place with the divorce instead of making her suffer for 6 months . And thank heavens there was a momma -LRB- Anna Severson -RRB- that had good sense to speak up to Eric and make him come to a decision . It was a hard book to put down !!! And I will read it again .
 This is just an awesome Book ! Lavryle Spenser has such a way with words that she makes you feel like your there ! Very good reading ! Just pick up this book , grab a cup a tea and sit by the fire and indulge with this book or any of her novels ! You wo n't be disappointed !
 This is the story of a widow who gets pregnant . Her lover is a married wimp . In the end , the reader is called to show a bit of compassion for human frailty . It would make a good story for Tolstoy , it does not make a good romance . Reading all the Amazon critics of the book , I realize that human frailty is not what the readers look for in a romance novel
 Lavryle Spencer 's ` Bitter Sweet ' brings you to a place that we all come to in our lives ... Change is inevitable and we all must either go with it or fight to keep things the same ... Bitter Sweet shows how Maggie could pull up her boot straps after being in the depths of dispair and once again through hard work and stuborn determination find true happiness again ... A must read for anyone who is standing on a vertex in their lives ...
 This story was SO rich in action and factors that it was like reading a soap opera ! It always installs hope in many hearts when high school romances are rekindled because they can be the ones to last a lifetime !
 BitterSweet was the first Lavyrle Spencer book that I had read . I have been to Door County and could easily identify the places that Maggie visited every day in the book . I have read the book many times over and still get emotionally involved each time.The plot of this novel is predictable but it is also a story that every woman can relate to either through the high school first lost love , losing and finding best friends again , a rocky mother-daughter relation , a close father-daughter relationship , or a trying romantic relationship ; and the story is beautifully told.I will continue to go back and reread this wonderful book , and every other book written by Lavyrle Spencer . I am sorry to hear that she has written her last book !
 I read That Camden Summer while on vacation last year and I read it in one day . The book was so good I bought another Lavyrle Spencer book immediately ! I read Bitter Sweet by the pool and I was crying within a half hour ! The bond that the reader will feel with all the characters is instant . This book is dear to me because I live in Wisconsin and I am very familiar with Door County and its irresistable charm . Brookie so reminds me of my good childhood friend , Mona , with her never ending wisdom and support . This book will make you laugh , cry , smile , and will touch your heart . I have bought all of Lavyrle Spencers books and lend them to Mona right away . We both enjoy her work .
 This was a really great book !! I love everything I have read by LaVyrle Spencer !!! She has the ability to take you into the characters ' lives so much so that you feel as if you really know these people ... makes you really sad to have to say goodbye to them when the book is done . This is a book I really hated to see end !
 Yes , it was my first time at picking up one of Spencer 's books , and believe me when I say , I could not put it down ... I have all of her books now -LRB- hardback -RRB- EXCEPT this one , I leant it to someone about 5 years ago , and they LOST IT ! AGH !!!!! So I can not re-read it , like I have some of her others ... as I do not buy paperbacks . -LRB- Well , maybe I will have to make an exception in this case -RRB-
 Thris was the first book I read of LaVyrle Spencer , and the first one to be published in Sweden . I could n't help but crying when I read it and honestly i still do . LaVyrle has an abbility to write about ordinary people that fall in love . It 's realistic and I guess that 's why I love it so . Every time I read it and comed to the part where they are charing lunch on a bench I get lost picturing him , how he looks in that exact moment . And another favorite part is when she describes the feelings that they are having . I have yet not read another author 's book where the felling are so real and ... Well I just do n't know how to say it . Just plain wonderful .
 I just finished reading the book tonight . I was very into the characters . I feel as if I know Eric and Maggie personaly . I would suggest this book in a heart beart . Lavryle , if you are reading this , I want more books from you ! I can not get enough of your beautiful stories .
 As most of Lavyrle 's books this is as good as the rest . It is a classic love story with all its twists and turns . Old lovers rekindle their passions to only have a party fighting to keep them apart . Just a fabulous book
 Enjoyed this book . It was n't the typical love story where girl gets boy - it actually had me guessing whether the characters would end up together . The was a selection for our book club this month and I am anxious to see what others thought abut the story line .
 as always she does not dissapoint in her stories . I love her books so much I just wish she did not quit writing .
 I actually read this book years ago , but enjoyed it so much the second time around . LaVyrle Spencer is an amazing writter and just transforms you to the different places in the story , I love that in a writter . There were several places in the book that just made me cry , happy tears and sad ones . Thank you for an awsome job .
 All of LyVerle Spencer 's book are wonderful but this is one of my favorites . I have read all of her books at least 5 times and have enjoyed them immensely .
 I have read this book numerous times because I live in Wisconsin and this book takes place in beautiful Door County in Wisconsin . I wanted the book on my Kindle , so I can read it again . A nice romantic lovestory .
 I recently visited Door County after reading this very romantic book . I felt like I was in the story . I usually do not care for romance stories but a neighbor said it would describe Door County and after getting half way thru the book ... I was hooked . I can not imagine any woman not really enjoying the story . Excellent writing and I 'll read more from this author .
 This was a good , predicitable novel by LaVylre Spencer . Just be prepared for alot of misspelled words throughout the novel . Otherwise , no complaints .
 I really enjoyed this book.Great story line . It was hard to put the book down . I am sure i 'll buy more titles from Lavyrle Spencer .
 Bitter Sweet is the first Lavyrle Spencer book that I had the pleasure to read . It was during my first summer break from the University I attended , that I discovered the special people and places she creates in her novels . I myself was hooked immediately . As soon as I was done BITTER SWEET , I went back to the book store and bought YEARS and HUMMINGBIRD . I have enjoyed LaVyrle Spencer 's books so much that I have recommended them to family and friends . These wonderfully crafted books draw you in to the story like no others have done for me . LaVyrle takes such time and care in researching plots , and reinventing times in which we could only wish we could relive . LaVyrle Spencer has created a world for myself -LRB- 23 -RRB- , my mother -LRB- 50 -RRB- , and even my grandmother -LRB- 75 -RRB- to enjoy and feel good about reading . Currently I am reading NOVEMBER OF THE HEART , and as soon as I am done , it 's being passed on to someone else who will enjoy it just as much as I do .
 I read this book five years ago , but I really enjoyed it
 I am a huge fan of LaVyrle Spencer and find all of her books touch me in some way . Bittersweet touched me especially with the mother and father that she returned to in Wisconsin . Her mother was my mother . I shed many tears over those sections of the book . The love story was good but not one of her best . The relationship with her mother is what made it so real for me . I have all of her books and will miss her writing .
 Catherine Anderson creates another wonderful tale , this time with Zeke Coulter . The humor , sincerity and love from this latest Coulter saga is terrific . I ca n't wait for the next one .
 I put off reading this book for quite awhile . I thought I 'd wait until I was in the mood for something schmaltzy . I was definitely off the mark on this one . Zeke is a firm `` never want to get married or have kids '' guy . Natalie is a single , working mom with two kids and a truly wretched ex-husband . When her son vandalizes Zeke 's house & they meet , sparks fly but neither one wants to admit it . Then Natalie 's daughter Rosie is added to the mix . Rosie is just like the daughter of a friend of mine . She was a fun lovable kid but she talked like an adult . It was a scream to hear such mature things from a little kid . We used to say she was smarter than we were.When Natalie 's ex is murdered she becomes the prime suspect & Zeke 's determined to clear her . The only problem I had was that the ex got off too easy , he should have had to suffer over a prolonged period of time!This book has made me want to read the whole series !
 Loved the story . The author is awesome at building thoughts , story and feelings . Romantic and realistic .
 Servie was A1 . Would use again . Loved this book .
 This product came prompt and on time like you said it would . No problems with the condition of the book because it was in mint condition . Great read ! Thanks a bunch !
 the book is awesome , I wish I had started reading the series in order , I have read most of the stories except the book about Bethany , I have heard so much about the story it is too late to read it . maybe they should be numbered .
 I enjoyed this book ; it has humor , a romance , a mystery , kids , pets and lots of family . It was a lighter read than Blue Skies -LRB- Hank Coulter 's story -RRB- . I did n't like it at all . I enjoyed that Zeke and Natalie meet and fall in love without all the sexual tension in other books . That storyline is so played out . Zeke was great with Natalie 's kids and was just touching for him to especially reach out to Chad who was so troubled and helped him gain confidence in himself . Rosie of course was delightful . Yes , Natalie 's sister was portrayed as a bit slutty but seems like she had a good heart . All in all it was a fun read and kept my interest to the end .
 I really like the Coulter family stories . It is refreshing to read books about people who overcome real life handicaps .
 I am a sucker for a family series , and I have been in love with the Coulter family since reading Phantom Waltz -LRB- Ryan and Bethany -RRB- . Each book in the series weaves an engaging , mature , and heartwarming story . Bright Eyes is no exception.Bright Eyes is Zeke Coulter 's story . Confirmed bachelor Zeke Coulter finds himself in a tomato patch of a mess when his neighbor 's son vandalizes his house , and he goes over to confront the boy 's family . What he finds is Natalie Patterson , a temptation in a black dress and strappy black sandals . Zeke 's bachelor existence is turned upside down when he convinces Natalie to let her son work off the damage to his property . From this point on , Zeke 's life is completely changed.Not only does he find himself falling under the spell of Natalie , he also becomes wrapped around the finger of her cute-as-can-be daughter Rosie . As much as Zeke tries to resist , he finds himself wishing less and less for bachelorhood and more and more for what Natalie and her children can offer.Natalie is a divorced mother , who once had dreams of being a singer , but must now struggle to support her children because of her ex-husband 's narcissicism . Natalie is very much attracted to Zeke but bitter experience has made her cautious.Bright Eyes is an engaging story that leaves the reader with a warm and fuzzy feeling . After reading one of Catherine Anderson 's story I am always left with a feeling of family . This book offers romance , suspence , heartache , and renewal-all essential elements for a great story . Throw in the family `` pet '' Chester -LRB- who is such a scene stealer -RRB- , and you 've got humor like you 've never seen before . Chester 's antics kept me laughing out loud several times during the night.Overall , Bright Eyes is a well-paced read . Lucky for us , there are several more Coulter kin so we can revisit this family once again .
 Another job well done by Catherine !! Outstanding story with so much humor and with so much understanding and love . Not only does she build such wonderful charactors in Zeke and Natalie , but to bring in a little girl that you fall in love with right off the bat and then a ` killer ' gander !!! Too funny for words , but Catherine did it again !! Great job Catherine .
 In Crystal Falls , ranch supply store owner Zeke Coulter turns livid when he sees the damage to his house . When he notices a boy running towards his neighbor?s house Zeke follows only to have his brain malfunction as he sees the most beautiful woman he has ever seen . He informs Natalie that her eleven year old son Chad vandalized his property . An angry Chad says so what just ask dad to pay . Natalie knows that Robert is too busy with his latest bimbo to worry that his son is falling apart . She informs Zeke she can not pay him at this time . He says Chad can help repair the damage.Zeke shows a sullen Chad how to use a saw and praises the lad for doing a fine job making Chad feel good as he is used to his father telling him he is clumsy . That night , Natalie?s other child four year old Rosie cuts a deal with Zeke that allows Rosie and Natalie to help Chad pay off his debts . Over the next few days , Zeke falls in love with Natalie and her two children , but know he must go slow as the mom and the son have major relationship problems that become compounded when Natalie will face murder charges.BRIGHT EYES is an engaging relational romantic suspense that readers will enjoy because of the intriguing interactions between the cast including Chester the gander and the strong attraction between the two lead protagonists . Though Chad overcomes his anger too easily and Robert is too self-indulged , fans will appreciate this fine contemporary even if the lead couple needs to stop chasing fast mice in her bedroom.Harriet Klausner
 MS. ANDERSON NEVER FAILS ME SHE IS ONE OF MY FAVORITE WRITERS ! . ONCE YOU READ 1 BOOK , YOU 'LL WANT MORE OF HER BOOKS !!!!!!!
 Any book by this author about this family grabs me from the first page . The Coulters and all their extended families are a well read for me . I pray Catherine Anderson keeps writing about these people .
 Once again Catherine Anderson has written a delightful romance that you do not want to put down . It is a book that you will read over and over and when finished you will be refreshed and look at the world differently in a good way
 This is a light hearted book with lots of humor . Usually in Anderson book the characters have disabilities or some kind of emotional trauma . These characters are more reminiscent of Susan Elizabeth Phillips .
 I just received my copy of Bright Eyes and I am now on the last page . I have never enjoyed a book as much as I did this one and I could not put it down . This author just keeps getting better with every book she writes . Just when you think she has wrote the best book , she comes out with another one even better than the previous book . Thank you Catherine ...
 Normally , Catherine Anderson can fill 400 pages with riveting ease . BRIGHT EYES launches easily -- prompting the reader to settle back , fully anticipating another Anderson gem . Unfortunately , half way into her story Anderson flounders . This gifted writer usually delivers heartwrenching , poignant stories -- but here she chose ` cutesy ' -- coupled with a predictable crisis.The rugged Coulter family continues . BRIGHT EYES is Zeke 's story . Zeke Coulter is the normal Anderson hunka-hunka burning love male -- gorgeous , sensitive men who ooze toughness . Zeke is a busy bachelor who is content with his life and his new acreage.Fortuitously , Zeke 's new property borders Natalie Patterson 's land . Mrs. Patterson is a sexy mom with two children and a worthless ex-husband -- a jerk who continues to make life miserable for Natalie and his children . Natalie Patterson and the kids find Zeke Coulter equal to a knight in shining armor . A spectacular man who bolsters their confidence , builds their self-worth , and brings new hope to their bleak lives.As usual , Catherine Anderson draws wonderful characters . Natalie falls from the pages as a normal woman , a woman who tugs at her summer shorts , frets over 10 pounds , yet is determined to lose 20 . However , the true character prize is little Rosie Patterson , Natalie 's young daughter . This four year old is adorably precocious and has enough charm to leap from Anderson 's pages straight into the reader 's heart . Oh how , I cherished the pages this child inhabited.Yet , somewhere around page 200 , the story became ordinary . A predictable crime soared to the foreground changing Zeke and Natalie into grisly sugar-coated lovers -- I love you -- I love you -- say you love me -- say it again -- . The beginning saved the rating , but that ending ! Oh , Ms. Anderson pull out that heart-rending pen ! Save the syrupy-sweet for another author -- nobody does poignancy better than you!Grace Atkinson , Ontario - Canada .
 There are good ways and not so good ways to meet your neighbors . Among the not so good is having to confront the mother of a young vandal about her son 's misdeeds , only to have an argument and get chased off by an attack goose . Despite the inauspicious beginning , Zeke Coulter , a brother of other Anderson heroes , finds himself admiring Natalie Patterson . Not only is she beautiful , her own opinion notwithstanding , and hard headed as he himself is , but has an inner strength and the voice of an angel . Her children , even the vandal , also win Zeke 's heart . His entry into their lives could not have come at a better time either . Natalie 's ex has finally p.o 'd someone one too many times , and winds up dead , with the best suspect being Natalie . Fortunately , Zeke has strong shoulders for her to lean on ; and no one messes with the Coulter family and gets away with it . **** Bright Eyes has a bit more tension than some of Ms Anderson 's books , but is still heartwarming and real . The pages ripple with gentle humor and love . I hope the Coulter clan has a few more siblings to meet in future novels . **** Amanda
 4th book in the Coulter family series.In this one you have Zeke Coulter , who owns and runs a ranch supply store . He also recently bought a ranch bordering another ranch . When he comes home one day , he finds that his home has been vandalized by a 12 year old . He chases the boy to the neighboring ranch where he meets the kids mother , Natalie . Natalie is a divorced mother of two who is living with her odd family because her rich , creep of an ex-husband has not paid child support . Since she ca n't pay Zeke for the damages , she agrees to let her son work at Zeke 's house to repay him . In the process , Zeke gets to know Natalie and her children , and despite the fact that he has never had any desire to get married and have kids , he finds himself falling in love with all of them . Things get complicated when Natalie 's ex-husband is murdered and she is the main suspect.Bright Eyes is a little different in tone than the other two of Anderson 's books I 've read . It 's not quite a poignant , but it 's still an interesting romance . I enjoyed seeing Zeke 's perceptions and desires shift . His relationship with Natalie 's son was wonderfully done . I liked how that was the initial focus of the connection between Natalie and Zeke.One of the things I liked most about the book was the more traditional romance of it . Natalie and Zeke meet , are attracted to one another , engage in a relationship , fall in love , and decide to get married . So many romances in books are chock full of angst , denying feelings , breaking up , getting back together , etc. . It 's nice once in a while to read a book where there is a more natural flow to two people getting together and staying together . So I really enjoyed that aspect.Another great part of the book was that there were some truly hilarious scenes . I could n't stop laughing at a couple of them . It 's always great when some humor is surprisingly slipped into a book.All in all , a good read . It 's maybe not a serious and dramatic as Anderson 's other books , but I liked it.Rating
 I have to start out by saying that I could not put this book down . From start to finish , I enjoyed every page of this book . This was my first Catherine Anderson book and it WONT be my last . I want to read about all the siblings now!Natalie Patterson is a devoted mother to two children that you grow to love . Chad , a child suffering from divorced parents acting out and growing up far to fast . Rosie , a little girl that you love from the start . -LRB- Although I think that Rosie 's character was far fetched for her age . -RRB- Natalie has divorced her husband and the father of her children after 11 years of marriage and she lives at her family home with her gramps , father , and sister . -LRB- They are included in this quite story quite a bit and you have too love them also . -RRB- She owns a club where she loves to sing her songs . Zeke Coulter lives next door and falls in love with Natalie almost instantly when Chad destroys some of his property . He hires Chad and Natalie and little Rosie to work off the debt by fixing all the work themselves . Then , Natalie 's ex-husband is murdered and she is the main suspect right up to the end of the book.This book was very WELL written and instead of foccusing on the two main charcters , you got to read about their families and actual surroundings . Also , the family pet is even included in this book a lot . She is a goose that will make you laugh so hard you 'll cry . I would n't say that this is a hot steamy romance book , more like a knight in shining armor book that is family oriented . If you like heated emotional scenes between the two main characters than this book is not for you , but if you like simple , love inspired books then read this one .
 This was my first Catherine Anderson book & I absolutely loved it ! When I read the back cover to see what the book was about , it did n't seem so interesting , but once I started reading , I could not put the book down.Catherine Anderson has a way of making her leading man seem like the perfect man . Instantly , I fell in love with the characters & was rooting for Zeke & Natalie to get together . This book has good romance & an interesting mystery as well.I ca n't wait to read my next Catherine Anderson book .
 I picked up this book because I liked the title , I have never read any Catherine Anderson books before . I really liked this book , I liked Natalie 's character how she wanted to be independant and didnt want Zeke to order her around . I did n't like Zeke 's character , I thought he was way to perfect and no guy is that perfect . I thought Rosie was adorable , but can 4 year olds really talk like that ? I do n't even talk that perfect and Im 17 . She uses huge words that she doesnt know what they mean and she 's never even been in school . And I do n't think Chad would have overcome his anger that fast just because of Zeke , who he doesnt even know .
 I love all of Catherine Anderson 's books . Bright Eyes is no exception . Zeke and Natalie are a wonderful couple ; and the secondary characters are so real and entertaining . Like all of Catherine 's books , this story has it all . I really enjoyed this book . I found it endearing and very funny at times . I also enjoyed the mystery plot as well .
 I have n't had a Catherine Anderson book that I did n't like , so I was anticipating a great read when I stopped and picked Bright Eyes up at the bookstore . I was not disappointed - in fact I was so entertained by the story line as well as the secondary characters that I found myself laughing out loud . The gander and Rose are pure fun.Bright Eyes is fun - full of tender romance - heated passion - and lead characters who have depth and character . Catherine Anderson has written a beautiful story about love that comes when you least expect it and manages to overcome all obstacles . By the time I finished the book -LRB- all in one sitting , I might add -RRB- I was believing in the magic of the heart and that love can find us even when we are n't looking . Can not wait for the next book to be released ...
 I look forward to every Catherine Anderson novel that comes out . And I am never disppointed . She has created wonderful characters and stories with every book , and `` Bright Eyes '' is no exception . Be prepared to fall in love , and laugh out loud!Now I am counting the days until the next one !
 Clarissa has lived with Kieran for eight years and thinks he is about to propose . Her best friends Delilah and Kate agree and even throw an engagement party , but Kier fails to give her a ring . Instead he breaks up with her after she quits her job to become a housewife to him . She returns to her mom 's place with her tail dragging.While Clarissa mopes , her friends try to cheer her up without success . Her mom wanting her daughter back on her feet and happy gives a brochure on Antarctica to Kate . Before Clarissa knows what is happening she is on her way to Antarctica for employment accompanied by her two buddies . There the male to female ratio is 4:1 with most of the men being single.Though the heroine is in her late twenties-early thirties this is a coming of age chick lit tale . Readers will have to adjust to decisions that flaky Clarissa makes but will find the time worth doing . Antarctica serves as a terrific backdrop even if plunging into the icy water seems cold for even a polar bear . Chick lit fans will appreciate this fine tale of a woman trying to find herself in the frozen Antarctic tundra.Harriet Klausner
 Clarissa Schneckberg needs to make some life-altering changes . After leaving her Silicon Valley job , and getting dumped by her long-time boyfriend , she knows something truly outlandish is in order . So , her and her friends head off to an adventure in Antarctica , where there are no designer shops and nothing is exactly what it seems.Adventures of an Ice Princess is a funny , sassy and thoroughly enjoyable tale that will have you turning the pages and staying up late . Clarissa is a worthy heroine , with intelligence and wit . Liz Maverick has spun a great chick lit and I ca n't wait to read more from this author !
 Clarissa 's adventures are fun and funny -- I laughed out loud several times . My favorite Clarissa moment was when , as a determined team leader for Snow Survival Camp , she valiantly led her blindfolded team to the designated flag . Unfortunately it was the pee flag -LRB- no outhouses in a frozen wasteland , folks -RRB- , which she only discovered after tromping around in yellow snow.I read this book in one sitting . Clarissa and her two best friends , Delilah and Kate , are very likeable . It was worth the price of the book just to see three very girlie girls succeed in a harsh environment . I enjoyed Adventures of an Ice Princess very much and highly recommend it to readers who enjoy women 's fiction .
 I 've been reading Kurtz for years and like so many have been waiting for Kelson to find his bride . The story itself was fine , but what seemed missing was any real fleshing out of the character of his bride . She 's only in about 5-10 % of the book and never has any first person scenes . I would like to know more about her from her point of view , not from Kelson 's vantage point.Otherwise the story was a good conclusion to Kelson 's stories . It is a must read for fans of the series . Since it essentially seventh in Kelson 's story , I would n't recommend to anyone who has n't read the others .
 I thought that this book by Katharine Kurtz was incredible , but what happened to the romance that I thought was going to be so much a part of this book ??? The title is King Kelson 's Bride so naturally i thought that much of the book would be devoted to Kelson finding and falling in love with his `` bride '' . Not so . Much of the book revolves around Liam 's enthronement and Maheal and Teymuraz 's treachery . I think that Kelson is a very honorable man but many of his actions and thoughts in this book were self serving . He constantly whines about how he will never get to be with Rothana , how he wants Nigel to accept Albin , he is so wrapped up with his own problems he does n't even notice that Derry is being controlled by Morag and Teymuraz . Actually I do n't really even think that he deserved Araxie !! She was so beautiful , gentle and sweet and all he could think about for most of the book was how he loves Rothana ! Get over it ! I really loved the Christian aspect of this book though . So often you read fantasy books and there are all these strange gods and such that it was refreshing to read a fantasy novel that incoporated real values and beliefs in it . When Kelson and Araxie did have scenes together it was sweet , but where 's the passion , the true love ? Both Araxie and Kelson claimed they were contented with each other but contentment seems sorta bland somehow . Ms. Kurtz should have made them fall passionately in love erasing from Kelson 's mind all thoughts and regrets about Rothana and Sidana . I agree with another reviewer who thought kurtz should have given Araxie and Kelson an adventure together ! She should have had Teymuraz kidnap Araxie and Kelson could have rescued her and realized how much he loved her . Another thing I really loved about this book was the descriptions of people and places . Everything was so vividly and realistically depicted , i felt like i was right there . I also liked how Kelson had this very close circle of honorable , sweet friends . So often in books it seems like the protaginist has every one againest him and no allies , but Kelson had some great friends . Something that really annoyed me was how Araxie was so accepting when it came to Kelson 's love for Rothana . How could she not have been jealous at all ? That just seemed a little unrealistic . And not only was she understanding of their relationship but she manipulated Rothana to come closer to court where Rothana would be in constant contact with Kelson ! Overall , i thought that this book was great and i still feel very attached to it so i would recommend it to everyone !
 In Gwynedd , the State , Church , and citizens finally accept the Deryni , a race of people possessing powerful magical abilities , even thought they still fear them a little . King Kelson accomplished this amazing feat because he is the rightful Haldane ruler and a Deryni . Unable to have the woman he loves , Kelson knows he still must marry and produce an heir . He becomes betrothed to a distant relative , who also accepts her duty to her country . They formally announce their betrothal before His Highness sails to Torenth to return the rightful monarch to the throne.Torenth and Gwynedd have fought many wars so no one is shocked when someone tries to assassinate Kelson . However , what stuns everyone is that the betrayers also try andd kill Torenth 's rightful king . The two kings defeat the traitors , but one turncoat escapes , leaving behind the fear that Kelson 's future bride is now the intended target.Although Torenth and Gwynedd are imaginary lands , they are based on Europe and the Nation of Islam during Medieval times . Katherine Kurtz makes her universe feel colorful and fills it with incredible detail that leads the audience to feel they are visiting a strange and exciting world . In spite of the myriad of description that paints the Kurtz universe , the story line is bold , loaded with action , and fast-paced . For over two decades , King Kelson has been a legendary fan favorite and the endless wait for this tale will seem worth it as the legion of Derynites will relish this story for decades to come .
 Finally ! Katherine Kurtz returns to Gwynedd to continue the story of the Deryni and the House of Haldane . Fans of the Deryni series will find that although the book does move some plotlines along too quickly , overall the story is a good read.New details brilliantly illustrate the Kingdom of Torenth and other regions surrounding Gwynedd as King Liam of Torenth prepares to assume his crown after serving as King Kelson 's vassal for four years . The political tensions within the story are well crafted ; Kurtz 's decision to write the book from this angle was wise . This book could have easily degenerated into a sugary romance novel in the hands of a less skilled author.Those who are new to this series may expect to find themselves wondering why certain characters act as they do ; the story assumes prior knowledge of past events -- but there is no possible way that Kurtz could spend endless paragraphs `` catching up '' new readers to a series of this scope . New readers may find this book will pique their curosity about the series ; they will find Gwynedd is worth visiting again and again .
 All in all , this is a nice addition to the series and it wraps up some of the loose ends from the last Kelson book . However , for a book about `` King Kelson 's Bride , '' there is VERY little about the bride . Araxie , Kelson 's cousin , shows up a third way into the book and then disappears for a few more chapters . She 's beautiful , intelligent , very sensible , etc. , but I was hoping for someone who would absolutely knock Kelson 's crown off and make him forget Rothana . He spends too much of the book moaning over her refusal to marry him . I 'd have liked to see Araxie very involved in the action as a heroine or to hear what she was thinking . On the plus side , it was nice to see Kelson 's mother , Jehana , begin to explore her Deryni talents and the subplot about Kelson 's ward , Torenthi King Liam-Lajos , was well done , even if it took up Ctoo much of the novel . Kelson 's uncle Nigel and aunt Meraude deal with the two grandchildren left behind by executed son Connall satisfactorily , though one would think Meraude would be a little less fond of the man who chopped off her son 's head , even if she knows Connall deserved it ! All in all , a good effort .
 Those of us who have read all the Deryni books have long observed how Katherine Kurtz loves to torture her characters . While it makes for excellent reading , it 's also nice to see the good guys have good things happen to them on occasion . This latest installment of the popular Deryni series has all the excitement of the other books , but with a happy and satisfying resolution and lots of loose ends well tied up . Some of the major characters of books past are little more than background color , which is the only disappointing part of this book . If you are hoping to see a lot of Morgan , Duncan , and Dhugal , you wo n't find this book meets your needs . However , this is Kelson 's story , and it truly fleshes out Kelson well . I just hope this is n't the last installment of the Deryni series ; I 'm still waiting for Childe Morgan !
 Katherine Kurtz has been succesful once more . She has us involved in this world that is amazing for all its characters and stories and fantasy . This book is a must have for all those who have been entranced by the Deryni .
 Being a fan I 've been desperately waiting for the latest edition from Ms Kurtz which arrived over the weekend and I was n't disappointed . More tales of magic and the middleages church which I digested in two days straight.Those who are already fans of Kelson and friends should enjoy this new tale with the added interest of further interaction with the lands set to the east.One small caveat , you 'll most likely be left wanting the next book , but then I guess that 's the mark of a good series writer.Thoughly enjoyable .
 ... but I did!Once again Katherine Kurtz has written an engrossing page-turner of a story , although I must admit that Kelson was n't the main attraction by the end of the story.Since my main quibble with this series has always been that the women are n't very well-developed , I was very pleased to see Kurtz develop the characters of Meraude and Jehanna further , as well as the addition of the very clever and charming Araxie . She is finally writing women in the Kelson series who are as interesting to read about as Evaine and Rysel were in the Heirs of Saint Camber series.I would have liked to see this expanded into a trilogy as well , as I wanted to know more about Liam 's uncle and what 's happened with Dhugal , Duncan , and Morgan -LRB- who were almost non-existant in this story , hence the 4 stars -RRB- . I loved the side story about Meraude and Nigel 's grandchildren.Overall , it was a great read , but there are some loose ends left for another book in the future . Pretty please ?
 While perhaps not as sumptious as the last books in which we saw Kelson , Morgan , Duncan et al , this is further excellent writing from Ms. Kurtz . The only downside -LRB- for me -RRB- was that I could not shake the feeling it would have worked better as 2 books , with a third book yet to come to tie up loose ends concerning a new adversary.Clearly , few write * better * than Ms. Kurtz . I just which she could write * faster * !
 I really love Katherine Kurtz . I 've been reading her books since 1983 . Perhaps that span of time was a detriment to me when reading this one . It seems that it was 12 or 15 years ago when I read the previous books in this particular sequence , and it took me a while to recall what had last happened to Kelson in the books that preceded this one . I think perhaps some background/review at the start of this novel would have helped.Once I pulled out my old books and got back up to speed -LRB- which I * had * to do -RRB- , this was a pleasurable read . -LRB- ... -RRB- I do n't know that this was one of Kurtz 's better works . It almost seemed to me that this novel was a work she felt obligated to write - that she had left poor Kelson hanging too long , and needed to tell the next chapter in his life . I do n't think it really advanced the story of the Deryni universe as a whole as much as it got Kelson -LRB- and half his family ! -RRB- married off , finally.I 'd recommend it strongly to anyone who has read all of Kurtz 's other Deryni books , as how could you NOT read it ? I would , however , recommend that anyone new to the Deryni world start with Deryni Rising or the Camber of Culdi series and work forward from there .
 It was great for me to get back into the world of Gwynedd , and I appreciate that Kelson finally finds a bride .
 As a long time lover of books about the Deryni this was another hit . Wish there were a lot more stories like this one out there to read .
 Yesterday , I finished my first complete reading of Katherine Kurtz 's new Deryni novel , _ King Kelson 's Bride _ , which I had been eagerly awaiting ever since I finished reading _ The Quest for Saint Camber _ nearly fourteen years ago . Katherine Kurtz fans may rest assured that this book was worth the wait ! The only way this book could possibly be improved in my view is if it had been LONGER . In King Kelson 's Bride , the reader travels with Kelson and his close friends , the Dukes Alaric Morgan and Dhugal McArdry McLain to the Hort of Orsal 's exotic summer palace on the Ile d'Orsal , and then onto the Torenthi capital , Beldour . Both have been mentioned in earlier Deryni novels , but readers have only rarely glimpsed Torenthi court life , and have never visited the Orsal 's court before . Now that his vassal , King Liam-Lajos of Torenth has come of age , Kelson travels with him to oversee his safe installment on the throne of Torenth . As the author herself has observed , `` Things are different in Torenth . '' Indeed they are , as the Deryni of Torenth have never been subjected to the same persecution Deryni in Gwynedd have experienced . Their magic is far more of an accepted part of Torenthi court life , even unto the installment of their Kings . Without giving away the plot , readers may be assured that there is plenty of danger , treachery and Deryni magic afoot on the day of Liam 's royal ceremony . Regarding the Bride herself , in the beginning of the novel , we see Kelson is still in love with Rothana , but is fored to accept that they will never be able to marry . At Rothana 's instigation , he proposes to his cousin , Princess Araxie Haldane on the night he visits the Ile d'Orsal . Araxie accepts him willingly if with some trepidation . But the love between them only has a chance to grow once Kelson returns to Rhemuth and gradually comes to appreciate Araxie for her intelligence and the sensitivity of her spirit . By their wedding day in the final chapter , Kelson has found a new love and far more compatible Queen than Rothana , his original choice . Many loose ends are tied up in this novel , including that of Kelson 's mother Queen Jehana who experiences an epiphany regarding her Deryni heritage while Kelson is in Beldour . Also resolved are the fates of Kelson 's cousin Prince Rory , and of Prince Nigel who is at last persuaded to accept his two grandchildren by the late Prince Conall . Readers new to the Deryni world should understand that this novel was written with Ms. Kurtz 's already established fans in mind . Knowledge of the people and places of the Deryni universe is assumed on the part of the reader , and indeed is necessary to understand the events of the novel . But there is a happy solution to any confusion this newest book may bring to new Katherine Kurtz fans
 I admit it , I have a deep personnel connection with this series . I read DERYNI RISING during labor with my daughter , who is now married with children of her own . I was reading THE BISHOP 'S HEIR while in labor with my son . That was fifteen years ago . And while labor and pregnacy can seem endless , NOTHING compares with the 10 year hiatus we have endured waiting for Ms. Kurtz to finish her story . Poor Kelson , our handsome , noble , powerful , kind , young , yadayada king can not hold onto a bride . Considering the title , I 'm not giving too much away if I say that third time 's a charm . There 's alot that 's really great about this book . Ms. Kurtz explores great new cultures and de-demonizes the Torenthi . The political intrique is intriguing , although the Liam 's Torenthi uncle was clearly a good guy from the first . I really liked Kelson 's new bride , mostly because Rothana and her guilt -LRB- and eternal whining -RRB- were really getting on my nerves . Kurtz does a good job of explaining why Rothana REALLY ca n't marry Kelson - not the nonsense she spouts about it . Problems ? A few . I wish that Kurtz had taken a bit more time with the relationship between Kelson and `` his bride . '' Could n't she have given them a bit of an adventure together ? Jehanna 's seachange is rather short-changed . After so many years of fananticism , ignoring facts and logic , she throws away `` salvation '' for a pair of eyes ? I do n't think so . Another thing , what happened to Morgan ? He was so powerful and talented in the first three books and so whimpy and conservative in the last few . I know the focus has switched to Kelson but poor Morgan ! Not to mention , poor Derry ... the eternal bad guy 's deus ex machina ... the trusted , warpable human lord . Still , practically everybody 's here and ending happily ; the new countries are an intriguing patchwork of our world cultures and Kurtz 's invention ; most of the bad guys are punished and the heroes get the girls . What more can you want in a fantasy !
 As a reader who was disappointed by The Quest for Saint Camber for various reasons , I was somewhat reluctant to purchase King Kelson 's Bride in hardcover , but having done so , I find myself fairly glad that I did . KKB delivers with a solid plot and a thorough depiction of an alternate culture . The storyline involving Kelson 's ward , Liam-Lajos , future king of Torenth , is especially strong and resolves , for the most part , a thread that has been left hanging since Kurtz 's first Deryni trilogy . Torenthi culture is also explored in detail -- on occasion , perhaps a little too much detail . At times , Kelson and Liam 's progress through Torenth , where they have journeyed for Liam 's full investiture as king in his own right , the narrative occasionally resembles a travelogue , with the necessary stops at mosques and cathedrals.Somewhat surprisingly , the other main subplot -- Kelson 's quest for a bride -- gets rather short shrift by comparison . The proposed candidate , Araxie Haldane , is only onstage for about a third of the novel . What we * do * see of her , however , is quite promising . While Araxie does possess the conventional virtues of sweetness and gentleness , she also displays a calm strength and a sure grasp of politics that may serve her better in her new position than the `` fiery '' nature that is fast becoming a fantasy heroine cliche . Frankly , I was more disappointed by the conduct of Kelson , who spends an inordinate amount of time obsessing over what he can not have -- namely , marriage to his former betrothed , Rothana , who has chosen a life of service over him . The revelation that Kelson has been carrying this torch for three years since Rothana made her decision seems more than a little self-indulgent , as does Kelson 's incessant moaning over having to marry for reasons of state . I found myself reminded of a passage in Patricia McKillip 's fantasy , The Sorceress and the Cygnet , in which the heroine , exasperated by the demands and importunities of a former lover , accuses him of clinging too hard to his memories and selfishly closing his heart to women who might have loved him freely and whom he might have loved in return . I rather wish someone had spoken so to Kelson about 100 pages before he finally experienced his epiphany about his future bride . Araxie , however , does show some spirit when she reminds Kelson that she , no less than he , is possibly denying herself experience of a grand passion by agreeing to marry * him * ! Overall , KKB is a worthwhile read , though lacking some of the `` oomph '' that characterized even the earliest of Kurtz 's works . Although her first Deryni trilogy was marred by the occasional roughness or awkwardness of style , there was an immediacy and urgency in the viewpoints of her main characters , especially Kelson , Morgan , and Derry . In KKB , by contrast , the viewpoint seems oddly muted and even remote , which blunts some of the emotional impact of events . We still get Kelson 's point-of-view , but Morgon , along with Duncan and Dhugal , seems to have receded into the background . And Derry 's perspective is never explored at all -- a surprising choice given one of Kurtz 's main plot twists .
 It has been a long climb for the forces of the Light in the Deryni world of the Eleven Kingdoms , but the summit has been reached in King Kelson 's Bride . From this vantage point it is easy to see the roles that the major characters in the Kelson series are to play out in their lives . As such , it is not anti-climatic , for Ms. Kurtz has written a book that carries a strong storyline and provides plenty of action and some suspense . In binding up the loose ends , I still was drawn through the book to the concluding lines and left the book with a satisfied feeling.I did feel that this book , coming ten years after the Quest for Saint Camber , carries strong influences from Ms. Kurtz 's Adept series . She takes more time in describing the scenery and clothing . I will be looking forward to the next book , hopefully to describe the period 40-50 years prior to Kelson 's coronation , to see how well Ms. Kurtz can put together a new trilogy.This is a recommended read for everyone wishing to complete the story of King Kelson and the restoration of Deryni fortunes .
 or in poor Kelson 's case , always a groomsman , never a groom . This is as wonderful a book as all of the others in the Deryni world . A world so detailed and complete , that one could imagine traveling there on vacation . King Kelson 's Bride does cause a small frisson of fear however . There are so many loose ends tied up in this book that Ms. Kurtz 's readers may be frightened that she intends to stop writing about the fabulous Deryni . Say it is n't so !! As in the more than a dozen works in this world that have gone before , the characters are full and real . We the readers sigh along with Kelson as everyone he meets tries to choose a mate for him . We feel Derry 's panic as a trip to Torenth looms . We smile with Morgan at his charming little daughter.I for one , feel that Anne McCaffrey said it best
 I just finished this book last night -LRB- actually this morning ! -RRB- and I loved it ! After reading all the other reviews , I have to disagree with a number of them . First , I know many lamented the bit parts assigned to Morgan , Duncan and Derry , but this was Kelson 's story . Do they need major parts in a story about Kelson 's path to the altar ? I also do n't really see this as an ending , as many of the other reviewers seem to . It does tie up some loose ends , but brings a few other into play . Ms. Kurtz did n't seem to completely flesh out the character of Araxie , but we know her as well as Kelson does , and hopefully there will be forthcoming books in which we get to know her.All in all , I thought it was a great book , worth staying up to read . The description of the places were good , and I thought all the major players were very nicely drawn . I might be biased , though , because I liked the fact that none of the good guys dies in this book ! Yes ! With all the death and torture in the other books , I was getting depressed , so I did n't even buy this one
 Katherine Kurtz continues to enthrall with this further episode of the Deryni . Anyone who has read her previous books will enjoy this .
 While still struggling to mend his heart after it sufered a bad break with Rothana , King Kelson must still continue searching for a bride a secure the Haldane line to the throne . He must also be sure to keep the Torenthi heir alive while doing it . Kelson must face serveral political struggles in Gwynedd , without neglecting his personal struggles with his heart . A tough task to be sure.This is a very touching , and well written novel that is a very fast read . I found it extremely hard to put down . There are many plot twists and countless surprises as you follow Kelson and his most trusted allies along on their journeys . Ms. Kurtz makes sure that you wo n't be dissapointed .
 It was simply indescribable to be immersed again in Kurtz ' fabulous deryni series . I had n't thought that she was intending to write another novel about Kelson , but I am overjoyed that she did . this book ties up many of the loose ends left from `` The Quest for Saint Camber '' , though I wo n't spoil anything for you , and still makes an exellent story on its own . Full of romance , action and plenty of political intrigue , `` King Kelson 's Bride '' is sure to satisfy your tastes no matter what they are . If you 've read the other books in the series -LRB- if you hav n't I HIGHLY recommend them -RRB- there is no way you can afford to pass it up .
 The long awaited book has arrived . Book is fairly well written , Ms Kurtz definitely has n't lost her touch with her world even after 6 years . She nicely resolves several ongoing plot lines from her previous books and opens at least one or two for future stories . While I ca n't say the book was worth the wait - the book just does n't seem as tightly written as her second Kelson series , it is an enjoyable read and most fans should be pleased . Hopefully we wo n't have to wait another 6 years before she returns to this wonderful land .
 The Deryni realm continues to be a favorite place for escape throughout the past 20 years . King Kelson 's Bride -LRB- KKB -RRB- has been no different . Usually , Katherine Kurtz weaves tales of wonder amidst tragedy , however , this book really is a love story more than anything else . After waiting 10 years for more of King Kelson from the author I appreciated her willingness to let Kelson deal with getting a new bride and actually enjoying the process -LRB- for the most part -RRB- . Gone is the utter unmistakably , heart-wrenching Deryni woes that we have often seen -LRB- and loved -RRB- in Katherine Kurtz 's previous books , but this does not detract from KKB at all . In fact , it makes me appreciate the writing expertise of Kurtz more and more as she -LRB- and I -RRB- both grow older . This is , in fact , what we see in KKB in the characters as well . They are a bit older , wiser , and more crafty than when they were younger . This appeal assists their goals , ambitions , statesmanship , and provides us with a very enjoyable , wonderful conclusion -LRB- for the time being -RRB- of the King Kelson series . If you are not familiar with the Deryni universe , this would not be the book to start off with . If you a long time Deryni devotee , you will appreciate Katherine Kurtz 's latest foray into the lives that we have all come to love . Keep 'em coming , Katherine Kurtz !
 In this latest installment in the chronicles of the young Deryni king , King Kelson is juggling problems on both political and personal fronts . His Deryni ward , Liam-Lajos of Torenth is ready to assume his throne , and Kelson plans to accompany him to the ceremony . The journey to Torenth , and the ceremony itself are dangerous as Liam 's uncles are unlikely to release the power of the regency willingly . Kelson suspects treachery from Mahael , Liam 's regent , and is uncertain whether to trust the seemly decent younger uncle , Matyas . In the midst of all this political intrigue is the ongoing pressure for Kelson to marry and produce an heir . All of his advisors are thrusting candidates his way , but Kelson is still pining for Rothana . In the last book of the series , Kelson fell in love with the Deryni princess , but when Kelson came up missing and presumed dead , Rothana married his cousin Conall . Conall was later executed for treason , but Rothana refuses to remarry , leaving Kelson bereft . As `` King Kelson 's Bride '' plunges Kelson back into the marriage game , Rothana is still very much at the center of Kelson 's marital plans , but this time as the matchmaker rather than the match . If `` King Kelson 's Bride '' were the first Deryni novel I ever read , I probably would have liked it a whole lot more . It 's an entertaining story , and anything set in Kurtz 's richly detailed world of the Deryni is always worth reading . King Kelson 's Bride 's weaknesses , such as they are , are a result of Kurtz 's wonderful characterizations . Her characters have been so real and so compelling in the earlier books , that when they did n't behave the way I 've come to expect them to in `` King Kelson 's Bride '' , I was disappointed . While it was inevitable that the younger generation , Kelson and Dhugal , would eventually become the focus of the Deryni series , I never thought that Morgan and Duncan , the heroes of the earlier books , would be reduced to the roles of extras as they have been in this book . Duncan is barely mentioned in passing and Morgan , while present and accounted for in many scenes , is nothing more than a prop without any personality at all . Even Dhugal is nothing more than a cardboard cutout in this book . All of this would not be so disappointing if the heroes of old were replaced by equally engrossing new heroes . But while King Kelson remains an admirable hero in his political activities , he becomes a far less appealing character as a potential bridegroom . Kelson spends MUCH too much time whining over his lost love with Rothana , transforming him from a self-possessed , noble young monarch into a pouting lovesick teenager . It is difficult to believe that the same man who managed to take the throne at fourteen and face all he did to keep it , would really be reduced to a pathetic puppy who hangs on Rothana 's every word-including letting her pick who he is to marry . Even more annoying is Gwynedd 's biggest busybody herself , Princess Rothana . She does n't want to marry Kelson , but she has it all planned who should . I never really liked Rothana 's character to begin with , but once she married Conall , her central position in the Deryni story should have been over . Instead , she 's still right in the center of things , elbowing Kelson 's true intended out of the spotlight . The future bride herself , Araxie , is portrayed to be smart and savvy . But if she 's so strong , how come she puts up with Kelson and Rothana ? Last of the less than compelling characters of the book is Kelson 's mother Jehana . In previous books , she was always portrayed the same way-deeply guilt-ridden because of her Deryni heritage and fanatically against anyone else who is Deryni . She gave up the love of her husband and remained distant from her son because she could not reconcile their support of the Deryni with her beliefs . While it never made her the most lovable character in the world , at least Jehana had always been true to herself . I found it unbelievable that in `` King Kelson 's Bride '' , she does a complete and surprisingly abrupt about face-not out of love for her son or in the memory of her beloved husband , but for a total stranger . If you can ignore all the out of character behavior from Kelson and Jehana , and the unfortunately in character , but annoying , behavior of Rothana , the rest of the story is quite enjoyable . The intrigue around Liam and his uncles keeps the plot moving beyond the constant marital whining and provides the expected twists involving Deryni magic . This is actually quite a good book ; only by being spoiled by previous novels have I come to expect a GREAT book , and thus my disappointment . If you are a fan of the series , you will certainly want to pick up this book , follow the latest in Gwynedd and Torenthi politics , and see Kelson married at last . It is n't the best Deryni novel , but even a lesser Deryni novel is better than many other fantasies . If you have never read a Deryni book before , certainly do not start here . Go back to the beginning and start with `` Deryni Rising '' . Though Kurtz 's writing style has matured since then , the early books are wonderful and you 'll want to start from the beginning . You 'll probably end up here anyway , because to start is to become engrossed in the whole series , but by then you 'll be ready to settle for finally seeing Kelson married as well .
 Katherine Kurtz might not be the best living fantasy writer , but it 's hard to come up with many names to put ahead of her . Kurtz 's Deryni series is so good that when a new novel is published , I buy it without hesitating . Kurtz simply writes some of the best medieval fantasy on the shelves.Having said that , `` King Kelson 's Bride '' was not one of her best efforts . For Kurtz , that just means it was good instead of great . The novel reads like a fairly long epilogue to the previous book `` Quest For Saint Camber . '' In the book , Kelson and company pretty much wrap up the lingering issues from the series and bring things to a mostly happy conclusion . While we have a couple of villains , none of the bad guys approaches previous evil doers like Loris or Gorony.The plot of the novel is two-fold . Kelson , the very decent and likable King of Gwenedd , needs to find a wife to beget heirs . This is a more difficult task than one would suspect because of the emotional and political reasons . Kelson 's first two would-be brides were murdered and stolen , respectively . If the man is n't eager to try again , who can blame him ? The second plot thread is Kelson 's attempt to help his vassal and new friend Liam take the throne of Torenth from some scheming evil Deryni -LRB- sorcerers -RRB- . No wars here , but some cunning and murder , of course.Part of the problem is after six books , Kelson has pretty much cleared the scene of good villains . Virtually every one of note left is tolerant and decent . Even Kelson 's shrewish mother seems to be easing her prejudices in her old age . It is great to see characters we have grown so attached to doing so well , but an occasional battle and a few more moments of tension might have made this a more compelling story . But then , how many times can Kelson be jilted at the alter.If what I have written above leads you to believe this is a bad book , ignore it . This is a good book . I might even say a very good book . But if you have read any of the previous novels , you already knew that .
 After two previous matrimonial disasters , Kelson Haldane , King of Gwynedd , * finally * marries in ` King Kelson 's Bride ' . His first fiancee was murdered at the altar . His second fiancee , Rothana , ended up marrying someone else , his first cousin Conall , then being widowed almost immediately . Needless to say , the young king has been under immense pressure to marry someone , anyone suitable , and procreate , given the unstable political situation . Now , he does . Who is she ? That I wo n't tell you . Let 's just say , she 's ` suitable ' and surprising . Kelson 's friends and family members are all here too , with some other surprises along the way , and the Camberian council is muddying the waters in their unique fashion , to add more complications to the plot.Katherine Kurtz has done it again with a book that mixes realpolitik , magic and medieval Christianity . Her fans will be delighted . As I predicted , I stayed up all night to read this one . You will too .
 Fascinating.this offering from Kurtz reads fine as a stand alone novel.How can I mention , without sounding soppy , that I cried for CHAPTERS of this book ? You will find yourself so deeply involved with the characters that tears are inevitable , but it is not a particularly tragic book . As I had not read the previous books for some while , I found myself more in sympathy with Kelsons proposed bride , than his `` one true love and soulmate later revealed not to be so true or so souly '' . So although in parts it leaves you dry throated and wet eyed , it has moments of glorious triumph and humor.You have to read it , if you have n't already .
 Yet again , Katherine Kurtz does a superb job bringing her Medieval-styled world and characters to life . In this volume , Kurtz skillfully weaves political intrigue surrounding the return of King Liam to Torenth with Kelson 's inner turmoil over increasing pressure to choose the queen Gwynedd needs . The conflict between Kelson the man , who can not marry the woman he loves , and Kelson the King , who must marry for the good of his realm , is a poignant one , but given that three years have elapsed since the `` Quest for Saint Camber , '' Kelson 's despair is excessive . The first two-thirds of the novel are devoted primarily to the Torenthi angle , contributing numerous plot twists and developments to make for a page-turning tale leading up to an impressive climax . The last third of the book serves as the calm before the final storm , focusing on the arrangement of love-blessed , political marriages . While possibly important to future storylines , the negotiations themselves slow the novel , and it was the undercurrent of danger threatening to erupt which kept me reading . Unfortunately , the final climax failed to match the drama and intensity of its predecessor , offering only a brief skirmish that was quickly subdued . The novel closes with a royal wedding that finally breaks Kelson 's bad luck with women -LRB- you could say he finally gets lucky ! -RRB- . `` King Kelson 's Bride '' overall was engaging and well written . We are introduced to new characters and reacquainted with old ones , although some which featured prominently in prior novels -LRB- Morgan , Duncan , and Dhugal -RRB- play small roles here . Of all the characters , Kelson receives the majority of attention and is shown to be extremely capable -LRB- too much so for me -RRB-
 Katherine Kurtz 's King Kelson 's Bride is wonderful , worthy of the tradition that began with Deryni Rising . SO MANY of the unresolved issues Kelson has lived with through six novels are dealt with in thoughtful , unexpected , and awesome ways . Of course , the flavor of the middle-ages continues to shine through , as the reader learns more about Torenth , moorish magic , and Haldane lineage . The only thing haunting the reader is the possibility that there will not be another Deryni novel ... please let that not be true !
 I thought that `` King Kelson 's Bride '' was incredibly well-written , more so than previous novels in the Deryni Chronicles and the Histories of King Kelson . I started reading the Deryni books when I was in high school and now that I 'm in my mid-twenties , I appreciate how the stories and the author 's craft have developed . I only wish I could read more . While I was completely satisfied with Kelson 's bride , I felt that there is more to the story of Gwynedd 's succession and its Deryni legacy . I wanted to know how Teymuraz suddenly appeared in Rhemuth , how he was dealt with subsequently , and if the wedding between Cuan and Gwenliad progressed as anticipated . It would also be increasingly satisfying to see Araxie be invested with the Haldane powers and to finally reach a resolution on the matter of St. Camber himself . Everything so far is left to the imagination . Readers can only contrive a world in which Camber 's heritage is fully restored through the work of King Kelson , his bride , and his allies . We have yet to acquire access to the possibilities that would unfold if more novels were to be written . This novel is a tease , although a wonderful and endearing one . On the other hand , I think that if the novel had been longer by 40 pages or so to appropriately deal with the Torenthi traitor and satisfyingly build the climax to Kelson 's wedding , then I would n't have needed another book in this series . There 's just so much going on here , and Kelson is such an amazing character , that I 'm a little bit disappointed in leaving him and his world so early .
 There is only one word to describe this book -- amazing . I haved loved Kurtz 's books since I started reading them back in the mid-80s . King Kelson 's Bride does not disappoint . The characters are very 3 dimensional and you come to care for them as if they were flesh and blood people . You do n't even need to have read all of Kurtz 's previous work to enjoy this -- I confess to having skipped around a little myself -- but after finishing KKB you will want to go fill in those blanks -LRB- at least I do ! -RRB- .
 It 's unfair -LRB- a -RRB- that the book is such a quick read , -LRB- b -RRB- that the development of some new , and interesting characters , crowded out some additional , secondary character development , and -LRB- c -RRB- that parts of the ending were a bit telegraphed . Having said this , there 's very little not to like about the latest Deryni installment , far less somber than the `` historical '' period that Ms. Kurtz previously focused on . Definitely hope that the next installment does not take nearly as long to press .
 Unfortunately after such a long wait , I dont think anything could have measured up to my expectations when Kelson finally found a bride . My disappointment was much like that of The Phantom Menace , `` I waited all this time for that ? '' There is too much going on in this book , as one reviewer said , it would have worked better as a trilogy . With the new villan brought to justice and a full fledged wedding at the end . There is alot to like in this novel , in fact any visit to the Eleven Kingdoms is welcome , but it was just a let down towards the end . I gave this a four star because there is no 3.5 or 3.75 and I feel the book deserves better than just a flat 3.0 . A good effort , just not her best .
 A page turner , I thought that this book was not as good as the original three . -LRB- true classics -RRB- It also lacks the byzantine convulutions of last three Kelson books , however , and was a very enjoyable read . As per normal , the subplots make the book.This books also does not try to rewrite the previous books , so characters from previous books show up with little or no background . I personally find this pleasant , as I hate reading summaries of prior books in a new book , but it makes this less of a stand alone book.Dave
 After a hiatus of six years Katherine Kurtz returns to her most well-known and popular Deryni series in King Kelson 's Bride . The action in the book revolves around two simple themes , the selection of a bride for Kelson , and the return of young Liam to the Kingdom of Torenth where he will be crowned king after several years of fosterage in King Kelson 's court . But in the Eleven Kingdoms , nothing is ever that simple . For Kelson , in addition to being a young king , is also a member of the race of quasi-magical humans known as the Deryni who have been honored , respected , feared , reviled , and persecuted at various periods in the history of his kingdom of Gwynedd.Having two previous unsuccessful , and in fact tragic , failures in finding a bride , Kelson is motivated more by a sense of duty to his realm than of any real desire for marriage . But the machinations of various individuals putting forth candidates , and the ensuing deceptions and maneuverings , are one of the pleasures of book . Everyone in the Eleven Kingdoms seem to have an interest in his choice - some benign and some malevolent.While all this is going on , Kelson and members of his court are traveling to the Kingdom of Torenth where his young friend , Liam , will be invested with the crown as king . But the Torenthi royal family are also Deryni with a vast array of abilities at their disposal , and with a ruthlessness uncommon in the Kingdom of Gwynedd . The young king 's uncles , whose brother was slain by Kelson in a magical duel , are not sure that they want their nephew , brought up in the court of Gwennyd , to be king . Some may even fancy that role for themselves . Treachery abounds!The author has often been praised for her attention to historical detail which adds to the richness of her work . But Ms. Kurtz also excels in her characterization and scene writing . Scenes of confrontation and crisis are always well-done , and this book is no exception . She obviously enjoyed writing the book , and seems to hope that her readers will enjoy it as well . While an obvious treat for her many long-time fans who will pick up on every nuance and discern future plot-lines , new readers will be able to pick up the book and read as a self-contained story . It is not planned as part of a trilogy and any previous history is brought out in the book itself . I recommend it most highly for Ms. Kurtz 's current and future fans .
 Perhaps Ms. Kurtz has mellowed over the last decade . After book after book -LRB- most notably `` King Javan 's Year '' -RRB- in which death upon death upon torture upon yet more death would occur , this book represents a startling move towards positivity . Marriages are based on love . Certain kingdoms that have hated each other for generations become allies . Few fear or speak against the Deryni . And for the most part , only bad people die!While I enjoyed the book immensely , I did have the feeling that after the blood , sweat and tears Kurtz characters usually endure to effect even the most minor of changes , things were falling into place a little too easily . While I think the character of Araxie -LRB- Kelson 's bride -RRB- was fleshed out fairly well , her penchant for always doing exactly the right thing in every situation hampered her character 's believability.If this book is the first of a new Kelson trilogy -LRB- I hope ! -RRB- we will most likely be back to the usual death and mayhem in the next installment . In the meantime , it was nice to see good things finally happen to good people .
 Always good to have another Deryni book , however , after just having read the Heirs of Saint Camber Series , I ca n't help but wonder if Katherine Kurtz is getting soft in her slightly older age . In all the other series , it seems as though Mrs. Kurtz goes out of her way to make sure that freakishly bad things happen quite haphazardly , and often , to our heroes any time things are going well -LRB- just look at the last thirty pages of Camber the Heretic -RRB- . But now she seems to have fallen in love with Kelson and decided that he deserved a break or two ; she allows him to sail through all challenges with Eddingesqe ease . The only real danger in the book is easily thwarted , although this allows for the most satisfying part of the book -LRB- see below -RRB- . Funnily , there is n't much bride in King Kelson 's Bride , and the only wedding is not Kelson 's . Morgan and crew are mostly absent from the book , and three years later , Kelson has n't investigated the Camberian artifacts . However , tantalizingly , we begin to see some hint of the `` True '' Camberian Council that is described at the end of the Camber series and that not perhaps less was lost than is commonly thought , and all is forgiven . I hope that we see more of that developed in the coming books . I 've certainly been waiting long enough .
 This was an excellent account of the repertoires of resistance to state authority that are likely to occur in communist systems . It accesses a number of theoretical models in an attempt to understand which elements of different theories can be applied . I would recommend it to anyone interested in communist Europe .
 Great book . I have loved all of Catherine Coulter books . You sleep worrying and I will keep reading . Match made in heaven .
 I read a lot of books from mystery to westerns to bestsellers , and a lot of good ones at that , but I can say this was one that immersed me in from the start and I could n't take my face out of . I am now an instant fan of Catherine Coulter and I ca n't wait to get my hands on another one of her books . Just to think this book had been nestled on my bookshelf for years , as it was a selection in a book club long ago . Shame on me , but it is kind of like finding a lost treasure . There is so much to say about this book as its loaded with suspense , intrigue , strong characters that you will grow to love , bad guys you want to see dead , twists , romance , thrills , but most of all its one you simply ca n't get away from . Just when you think you can put it down it grabs hold and makes you read on . What a thrill ride from start to finish . If your looking for one of those books you cherish , one that you will remember for a long time , and even one you might pick up again just to read over and enjoy again , well this is the book for you . Hats off to you Ms. Coulter . I ca n't wait to see what some of your other books have in store for me . Probably many sleepless nights !
 I had read this book years ago but decided to re-read it because I really did n't remember the story . I started it in book form then I received a kindle for mother 's day and decided to get the kindle version to finish it . It was as good the second reading as it was the first time I read it . the storyline keeps you interested and guessing and the characters are intriguing and lovable . They make you feel as if you are involved in the story . I would recommend this book to anyone who loves intrigue and mystery .
 I have read every FBI thriller she has written . They were all great . I just wish she would write faster . I really love her style .
 I was n't sure what to expect when I started reading but I know that by the end of the book when I read the preview for the next book to follow I was all ready to order the book that followed .
 I always enjoy Catherine Coulter 's mysteries . This one is no exception . Good Book . She always keeps me intrigued with her writing .
 As always Catherine Coulter delivers a great read . I love the FBI Series and wait patiently for the next one to be released .
 I really wish that this area was not necessary as I feel by rating the book with stars should be enough . Also takes a lot of time to do this
 Catherine Coulter weaves an intricate and exciting story of suspense and non-stop action that will keep you guessing right to the end of the novel . I could n't put this one down for a moment . Just when you think you know what 's coming next , you 'll be wrong and yet surprised . You wo n't regret buying this great suspense thriller !
 I found this book to be addictive . I have read the other reviews that say that a Judge finding a girl in the woods would have immedietely called the police and I disagree . From the beginning the book explains how `` different '' Ramsey is . He is not a typical Judge and he has a very deep character . I actually loved the storyline . I started this book in the afternoon and would not go to bed until it was finished . I thought that all the characters were wonderful and easy to identify with . I will recommend this book to all that I meet . It is nice to have a book centered around suspense and not just romance . Great Job !
 I like the book . Although I somewhat agree with some of the negative reviews , I still like the book . The suspense was good and it really had me guessing as to the real purpose behind the kidnap of the little girl . The judge reminds me of the judge in the TV series Dark Justice .
 first time to read a coulter book . i admit i was skeptical . very happy to be wrong !!! plot was okay but felt there was something you were n't being told about ramsey and molly . the feeling persisted throughout the book
 first time to read a coulter book . i admit i was skeptical . very happy to be wrong !!! plot was okay but felt there was something you were n't being told about ramsey and molly . the feeling persisted throughout the book
 A wonderful book full of twists and mystery ! I lost myself in this one
 I have read The Cove , The Maze , and The Target . I have really enjoyed all of them . I could n't put The Target down . I rarely read books more than once but found myself reading this book 3 times . The book gave me chills . I saw Ms. Coulter 's new book `` The Edge '' the other day and ca n't wait to read it . I find her stories amazing . For me I see them as not typical romance novels . That is why I probably enjoy them so much . Keep up the good work Ms. Coulter and I ca n't wait to read The Edge .
 I Loved this book . I read it in one day and was disappointed that it had to end . The relationship between Ramsey and Emma made my heart pound . This is truly one of Ms. Coulter 's better books .
 I have read her many other books , The Cove and The Maze . This one is the best one yet . I read it in one day . I could ` nt put it down . Ramsey and Emmas relationship made my heart pound . This one is a keeper . I was sorry that it had to end
 I am Goining to to be in Eureka calaifornia on Aug 11 1999 I Would love to meet you , It says you live in northern California . I will be be staying in the Holiday Inn In Mckinleyville close to Ferndale Ca . My Daughter is in the Coast guard stationmed there . I bought your book to read on the plane . I do n't read many books but your book looked good so i bought it . i would love for you to auto graph it on the august 12 for me . if you live close to To The Hotel I could come to you but coming from the south the polite thing to do is let you you come to me in case you want do n't want to be disturbed . I would be the the most honored person in the the state of alabama to have your autoghraph but i do not want to bother you . i bought your book `` The target so i will be half way through it by then so it would be an honor to meet you . I am also a bookkeepper at an elementary school this year so some of the the teachers would be be delighted for you to be the element of conversation -LRB- so would I -RRB- . Ms Coulter I would love to meet you and it is not like it is an everyday occurance for someone in Alabama to meet a real author . I am planing to go to San Farancisco on Saturday To Take MY daughter . Everything is so expensensive out ther i feel i must show her some of the sites there . In Eureka there is a lot to see but as a young girl you can can imagine she wants to see the big city . She is in the little towns ll weeks and since every thing is so expensensive she can not go any where too much . hope to see you while we are there.sincerely Lanatha Gail Lehmann Deatsville . alabama
 I loved Catherine when she wrote for Signet and I like her mysteries even better . I read The Maze first and than The Cove and I have just ordered The Edge . This book was great . I really loved Emma and thought the way Catherine developed her relationship with Ramsey was great . I hated to put the book down . She had some really good secondary characters in the book .
 I listened to the unabridged audio-books The Maze and The Target . To me , The Target was one of the best books I have ever listened too , and I have listened to hundreds !! I do n't know why so many readers gave this wonderful book such low marks.To me it was better than The Maze . My only complaint is how hard it is to determine whether a audio book offered by Amazon.com is unabridged .
 This book had a refreashing plot . It keep you thinking . But , I really do n't think men are that mesmerised by a woman that easily . I give them more credit than that . I received it in great shape .
 I agree that this is n't the best in the series , but still a great book !
 I used to enjoy Coulter 's novels , but , recently , her work has become tedious , stiff , and ridiculously unbelievable . Her dialogue is atrocious .
 I 'm more of a fan of historical fiction like ` The Reader ' or ` The Triumph and the Glory ' than a Catherine Coulter type , but the plugs for the book caught my attention , the premise promised a suspenseful book and Coulter delivered big time . The novel is a real page-turner , the only flaw is a certain lack of originality .
 This was the first book of this author that I have read , and I enjoyed it a great deal . I think the suspense of finding who hurt Emma is the key part of the story , less than the relationship between her mother and rescuer , which is how it should be . I just wish she had gone into more detail about how the Eve situation got resolved , and about her relationship with her father . But it 's nice to see a strong female character , and I enjoyed the adventure and suspence in this book .
 This book was not written vey well . The writing seemed sloppy . I do n't mean to nit-pick , but the sentence structure was juvenile and made her seem unintelligent . However , I enjoyed the plot . That was what saved her . I would have liked to have seen more of Dillon and Savich , they seemed to pop up every once in a while , but they were unessecary to the plot . I think she should have included them better . The Maze was much better in terms of the over-all presentation of the novel . This book was a slight dissappointment but it 's still worth the read . I 'm sure I will still continue to read her work . I enjoy a good suspense book with a little splash of romance . I give the book three and a half stars , -LRB- but there was no option for half stars -RRB- .
 The Target is another excellent book . I have read The Cove and The Maze and I like the way Coulter keeps some of the characters throughout her books . It makes you feel like you know the characters .
 I enjoyed The Target and thought all the characters were very interesting . Judge Hunt was an interesting mix with Emma & Molly . I was disappointed that there were several typo 's -LRB- like Page 192 referring to Judge Hunt as Judge Hurt -RRB- that can be distracting and make you reread several paragraphs . I think it is nice to have an author do something a little different once in a while instead of the same `` romance '' stories .
 I loved The Cove and The Maze , and Coulter did it again with The Target . I loved the characters , especially Emma , the little girl who is rescued by Ramsey . I was hooked from page one and could n't put it down . I also love when Coulter uses characters from her other books -- Dillon and Sherlock Savich from The Maze appear in this one , which was a real treat . Great suspense and awesome ending .
 This is the first novel I have read by Coulter and look forward to reading some more of hers . If some say this is not one of her best , then the `` Cove '' and `` Maze '' must be great . -LRB- Those are next on my list . -RRB- I thought the plot and characters to be real . I do agree , however , that the resiliance of Emma after all the trama she went through is pretty hard to swallow . No child could be that well adjusted . But that 's fiction !!!
 My husband 's favorite series -- although he has read most of them -- this time he is starting in order . Keeps a retired husband occupied !
 I really like the book ... not done reading just yet , but glad to know the beginning of Savich and Sherlock . I have read all the other books including them . I gave them five stars !
 Great series . Caracters are exciting . Fast paced . You want to read the whole series in one setting . Very hard to put it down . Author is good at weaving the mystery and suspence need to keep you reading until the very last word
 Very good story could not put it down . Coulter is one of my favorite authors and I will always buy her books .
 I could not asked for a more exciting book to read . Catherine Coulter has never failed with any of her books , I will always come back and read it again and again .
 Too much dialogue and more action would be nice . I prefer more like the maze which was a tremendous read .
 I love Catherine Coulter 's FBI Series with Savich and Sherlock . This book did not disappoint . It kept me interested and provided the background on characters in another Coulter book that I recently read .
 Like the FBI Series . A sure way to secure a BUY a new book for me is to have the FBI series from Catherine Coulter .
 Page turner , could not lay it down . Have read seven of the FBIseries . I have liked all of the books in this series . Betterthan reading James Patterson 's last three books
 In this story Judge Ramsey is taking a break from his courtroom in San Francisco after thwarting an attempted breakout of drug suspects in his courtroom . He is at a cabin of a friend high in the mountains of Colorado where one morning he finds a little girl who has been seriously abused and battered . He takes her in and takes care of her . But , at the same time he learns about himself and healing.Her mother finds them and eventually she and Ramsey work together to try and figure out why the girl was kidnapped and work through their issues together.Savich and Sherlock do make an appearance with Sherlock being pregnant and having an interesting version of morning sickness.There were some far fetched things that happen in the plot , such as not taking the girl to a hospital and not taking her to get help for a while , as well as them suddenly taking off and traveling together . But overall it was good story with a bunch of twists and turns that kept it interesting .
 I just finished the hardback version of this novel -LRB- and because it is the only Catherine Coulter book that I have ever read -RRB- I thought I would check out what she has going on Amazon . Admitted , I can not compare it to her other `` better '' works , but I must say that I found this book to be very touching . I 'm actually very surprised at some of the reviews that I have read of this book.I wo n't rewrite a synopsis as this has already been done below but I do have several issues in support of this book to point out to other readers.There is a tad of the unbelievable in the fact that Ramsey did n't immediately take the child that he found to a hospital ; but that is a sign of our too cynical hearts . The reason that it is unbelievable is because most people would be afraid of the consequences of being blamed for molesting her themselves and would therefore have immediately turned her over to the nearest `` authorities '' , felt sorry for her and been done with it . But that is not the nature of the `` hero '' of this story.What makes this understandable is the fact that Ramsey is a federal judge who knows very well the system that Emma would be going into once he turned her over . As a federal judge he IS one of the `` authority figures '' and immediately takes responsibility of a child whose situation has touched his heart . He feels that he is more capable of being sensitive to her situation and caring for her than would male complete strangers in some podunk town in the Rockies . -LSB- I do n't know about any of you readers - but have you ever had to deal with sheriffs in small rural towns on sensitive sexual issues of rape involving children ? Guarantied that most of the people involved would be men , and loud , and insensitive to the fear they inspire in the child just by being men . Just imagine how much more trauma could be caused by this to a child . -RSB- Now , you may then bring up the point that as a federal judge he would know about things like destroying bodily evidence from the child when he bathed her , etc. instead of taking her directly to a medical facility . Remember another thing , they were in a very rural , very isolated location with no phone and Ramsey Hunt was in seclusion over what he claimed was the paparazzi chasing him after having to kill some drug dealers in his courtroom . But in reality he is having nightmares , etc. of guilt over having taken a life and does n't feel good about being considered a hero because he lost it to his anger and killed someone . He was also having feelings of impotence over the fact that because the system was so overcrowded criminals would walk free in too short of a time period anyway . Emma 's situation was one he had control over . He felt that he could do a better job than the local authorities who would hurt her feelings and did n't want to turn over the responsibility of her too quickly.As for the comments about him being almost as sickly obsessed with Emma as the pedophile - again I must point to too cynical hearts . Have any of you ever been exposed to a truly caring male ? Not a homosexual with feminine tendencies but a heterosexual man with a caring soft heart ? I feel sorry for our society if you have n't . I have . I was raised by one . I was married to one . I have uncles and cousins who are just as family oriented and nurturing - who take on half the care of the kids especially if their wife is pregnant again . Who would be just as outraged to their souls by what happened to that child as Ramsey Hunt 's character is . Who may be just as deadly and want to take care of it on their own . -LRB- my late husband was a professional martial artist -RRB- Especially if it 's a male Cancerian and Ramsey Hunt 's character reads like a male cancerian . A male cancerian would be capable of taking a look at a poor , beautiful , abused baby and adopting her . He 'd want to be her father and take her in , want to care for her , `` mother '' her in a male fashion , feel responsible and think that no one would be able to do the job as well as he would himself . He 'd take over her life and would then extend that love to her mother . -LRB- I remember a male friend telling me once that the way some men find their mates is that they see a beautiful child and then want to meet its mother because the woman who produced such beauty had to `` fine '' herself . -RRB- So he never says `` I love you '' to Molly but he does admit , as far as he is capable , that he more than likes her . He comes to appreciate her qualities as a unique person and begins to picture them as a family . He shows her how he feels in his actions towards Emma and Molly . He takes them in and takes them over and nurtures them and lets himself be mothered by the women in his life at the same time . It 's typical cancerian.As for Molly , she comes to appreciate him and his strength and his love for her daughter . He 's a handsome , caring , successful , strong , man who will care for her and protect her without patronizing or smothering her . What sane woman would pass that up ? She does n't need money she 's rich . What she needed he provided . It 's a formula for successful marriage more enduring than the raw `` passion '' of most romance novels . It 's a love story of a family who comes together and of love that grows between them after they have come to appreciate one another , their strengths , and their weaknesses.I found this book to be very touching . It left me with a bittersweet smile on my face for them as a new family and for the road that Emma would have to travel in life in order to be whole again . The mystery surrounding who was really behind the plots , them on the run , and the chase for the child molester , etc. was pretty good and kept the pages turning . Other commentators were right - it was n't the most suspenseful book that I 've read but it was a very good read . That 's why I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 . Any other comments I make would be spoilers - and I hate spoilers . So I will leave you with a strong recommendation for this book as I really enjoyed it . The male character is not the typical stubborn , brooding Alpha man but caring and sensitive while still being strong and decisive . I will definitely be looking into more of Catherine Coulter 's books . Ciao .
 This book is a little different from Ms. Coulter 's usual type of story . It involves the kidnap and brutal attack of a young child , but it was beautifully handled by the author . This story lacked the usual romance , but I guess I must come to grips with the fact that sometimes people marry for reasons besides love . The plotting is top-drawer and the characters are very likeable if not overly realistic . The suspense is intense , and that 's what pleases me.Besides , Ms. Coulter is one of the few writers who know the difference between `` stanch '' and `` staunch . ''
 This is my favorite type of romance thriller . I like the masculine yet sensitive men -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- . I like the suspense and the way the main characters seem to grow in some depth by the end of the book . I also like the way the author deals with a very serious issue such as sexual abuse of children and shows that there is hope for those unfortunate children who have been victims . I think that ths book was not necessaily completely believable as far as the judge not taking the little girl for medical help right away , but if he had done so the story could not have progressed to the mother and he meeting and forming the tight unit that they became.Then again I do n't read these kind of books if I 'm looking for a reality check . I only recently started reading Catherine Coulter books . On the whole I must say I like them a lot . The contemporary ones are my favorites ; they describe the type of man a woman wants in real life but never truly finds .
 San Francisco Judge Ramsey Hunt is an American hero , having single-handedly stopped the carnage that erupted in his courtroom . However , Ramsey tires of his sudden notoriety and ultimately retreats to a small town in the Rockies . His hope for rest and relaxation ends when he finds a beat-up , bloody , and sexually abused little girl lying in a meadow . Ramsey takes the unconscious lass back to his cabin where he cleans up her wounds . When the girl awakens she is mute , but instinctively knows that she is safe with Ramsey.A few days later , Emma 's mother arrives . She believes Ramsey is a kidnapper and plans to kill him . Miraculously , Emma regains her voice , informing her mother that he is her savior and friend . Molly , observes the bond between her daughter and the judge , and confides in him . The trio retreat to the estate of her father , a criminal kingpin , for protection . However , even there , Emma remains in danger from a sexual maniac who plans to reclaim her for his own perverse pleasures.THE TARGET is romantic suspense the way it is supposed to be written . The book is a taut and chilling ride that never allows the reader to fully relax because around the bend of the next page is more unexpected action . Reading Catherine Coulter 's novels is like viewing the artistic works of one of the masters
 I love all of her books . Good easy light reading . Something interesting to try to figure out while enjoying this book .
 Once again Catherine writes a great story -- keeping you in suspense to the last chapter -- could n't put the book down.Keep up the good work -- I really would compare Catherine with Harold Robbins -- one of America 's greatest storytellers
 For the most part I enjoyed reading this book . If you do n't like to read about children in harm 's way , though , this book is not for you . I could have done without the sexual abuse of a child part of the book . -LRB- there was not graphic detail of the assault More bad language than I care to read in a book , but not excessive or I would have tossed it . This is an older book by Coulter , and I had a hard time finding it .
 The was one of my favorites in the Catherine Coulter FBI series . It had me from begining to end . I pass my books to my sister when I am done and she loved it also . I highly recommend this series .
 Once again Ms. Coulter has kept me on the edge of my seat . I have all the F.B.I. series books and everyone is teriffic .
 Let me start off by saying that the ratings on this book says something . I 've seen items where the five stars and four stars well outweigh the lower rankings . On controversial books , the sign of it being effective is a lot of five stars and a lot of one stars , with little in between . While I 'm in the largest group -LRB- I 'm # 22 of the five stars -RRB- , the smallest group -LRB- the two stars -RRB- has a respectable number.What does this mean ? If you are one who relies on reviews to decide whether to get this book , read ALL the reviews . Do n't base your decision on just mine unless you happen to be a fan of my reviews and consistently trust my opinion.This is the third Catherine Coulter FBI thriller I 've read . It is not Pullitzer prize writing , but it keeps my interest . I like the characters in her books , though for some reason I picture the leading men -LRB- Judge Ramsey Hunt here , James Quinlan from `` The Cove '' , and Miles Kettering from `` Blindside '' -RRB- as all looking the same , and I just realized I see them all looking like Barry Van Dyke -LRB- Dick 's son -RRB- from Diagnosis Murder.This book is more disturbing than the other two I read because of its child molestation story-line . Also , one thing I 'll give away is that the molester is a former priest . This is the first Coulter novel I read that does not have a protestant minister as one of the bad guys -- this time it 's a former Catholic minister . -LRB- I wonder if Coulter has any books where a minister is a good guy , or at least , where none of the villains are connected with Christianity . -RRB- Maybe the preachers she knows are all child molesters and child kidnappers and murderers , but most real preachers are nothing like that.Also , this book does have some erotica which I skimmed over , and which is not necessary . Also , there is some cussing which I never consider a positive , though I 'll add that it is not pervasive in this book.One thing that cracks me up is the long distance mob battle between Mason Lord and Rule Shaker . With names like that , I wonder if Coulter read Dick Tracy comics or watched James Bond movies for research.In her plot description , she promised a twist at the end that even the best mystery solvers would not expect . I do n't consider myself great at solving mysteries , but I successfully guessed what that twist was . Maybe I would have been surprised if she did n't warn me of the twist.This is not a perfect book . Many have pointed out the illogical way the judge acts in the situation , though if he did what he was supposed to there would n't have been a story . Having completed a novel , I noticed that Coulter is not always consistent with the point of view . But if you want to entertain yourself , this would work.One other note . The other two books I 've read in the series -LRB- and I 'll add Hemlock Bay , which I started and decided to read later , maybe -RRB- had two different stories going on -LRB- `` Blindside '' had a third little situation unrelated to the other two -RRB- ; this one focuses on the main story.I will conclude by saying that I do like the way the book ends .
 I 'm a big fan of Ms. Coulter , so I looked forward to reading this book . It was a very interesting read and definitely kept my attention . I loved the relationship between the heroe and the little girl and found their ability to work as a team and trust one another interesting . The eventual , father child relationship was the evolvement of a friendship formed out of tragedy which becomes something very precious . That being said , I think the wonderfully evolving relationship of our protaganist and the child was very well developed , but it seems that it was at the expense of developing the relationship between the heroe and the child 's mother . I do n't quite believe -LRB- based on the way the relationship between them is developed -RRB- that this is a real love match . By the end of the book , although it was clear that they were in love , the relationship was never fully developed enough for me to reach that conclusion on my own . The other problem I had with the book were the number of subplots . It did become a little confusing and the tie-ins at the end were not always plausible . I did enjoy the well placed humour between the two and would definitely recommend the book to others . While it 's not as good as Ms. Coulter 's best books , it 's still a Coulter book , which makes it pretty darn good .
 Just call me gulible . I read other reviews that termed the plot unbelieveable and simplistic . But I read this book . I found it believeable . And I thoroughly enjoyed it .
 I loved this book !!! This is a book that you can read over and over and never get tired of it ! It was sooooo good ! Judge Hunt & Molly were terrific together ! Now I have to read the Maze as they introduced the FBI agents from that book ! Definitely a great read !
 I have read several of the reviews and everyone has their own thoughts but I liked the book but not as much as The Maze . I think I liked the humor and romance between Sherlock and Savage more than the characters in The Target . One Reviewer talked about Ramsey being obsessed with Emma and even said he touched her too much and etc. . I did n't see that . He saw her at the worse time right after she had been beaten and abused by this horrible person . I thought he handled it well , gaining her trust and protecting her . If police and therapists had been brought into it at the beginning , she would probably have been more terrified . Ramsey and Molly did seek professional help later . I thought the author 's idea for Ramsey was a sensitive caring man and he was devastated by the ordeal of Emma . He indeed did love her and was protective of this little girl who had been wonded physically and mentally . I think Ramsey did love Molly but the author leaves you thinking he marries her just to get Emma , but still think he was in love with her and she him . I have noticed in Catherine Coulter books , she seldom has the romantic characters say `` I love you '' . I kept looking for it in `` The Maze '' and believe I saw it once from Sherlock . The characters have other ways of dipicting they love the other person but kept wondering why they doe n't just say it . Interesting ! If I had a problem with the book was a Federal Judge being able to accept the Crime Lord 's way of killing and getting away with it . I 'm sure that is the way of real life but I had a hard time dealing with that . However , I found the book a `` Thriller '' and kept my attention from the beginning to the end .
 This is third of the FBI Series with Savich and Sherlock . It 's really about Ramsey Hunt a Judge from San Francisco that finds a little girl -LRB- Emma -RRB- in the Rockies in Colorado . He takes care of the injured girl and becomes very attached to her . After Molly the mother shows up , she and Ramsey join forces to keep Emma safe . It is a very exciting thriller that you wo n't put down until you have read it completely .
 This book kept my interest from the first page thru to the end . The characters are very human and easily identified with . Their courage is beyond-the-call . At no point did the story drag . It shows you how people can come to care for and love children not of their own blood . The story is intriguing and moves along at a nice pace . I am looking forward to reading additional Catherine Coulter novels . I love her style .
 Great read ! The hero is handsome , of course , and the little girl is delightful and brave . You will be happy for them when the child is reunited with her mom and you 'll cheer for them with each victory they achieve . Follow them back and forth across the U.S. and abroad as they try to get away from the bad guys .
 This book was well above average in suspense twists and turns . Characters are well developed and seem to be most belivable . The constant traveling around the country and the world lent an interesting intrigue to the book .
 Great thriller . I am a big fan of Catherine Coulter . It kept me guessing all the way to the end . The plot had many twists and turns . Loved it !
 The FBI series by Catherine Coulter are the absolute best books . I love being able to pick up a book and already know the charaters in the book . I do n't read alot unless they are books by this author and this series . Hope she keeps writing in this series .
 I love Catherine Coulter 's FBI series and the characters she brings into the story 's . I look forward to her latest ones and have all of them . I highly recommend the series .
 You do n't need to read this series in order ; however , after I read TailSpin , I went back and started at the beginning . The Target was a great read .
 This is a great book ! Both exciting , suspenseful , and emotional . The mystery of the kidnapping , subsequent escape , and ensuing chase of the six-year-old Emma , along with her mother Molly and Judge Ramsey Hunt , does n't disappoint . The building romance between Molly and Ramsey nicely compliments the focus of the plot , and the interactions between Ramsey and Emma are wonderful to read . Emma herself is priceless , and Molly and Ramsey are both appealing , intriguing and complex characters , who compliment both the plot and each other . As the plot continues and all three characters come together , they form interconnected relationships that will have you rooting for them both as separate characters and as a unit . This is definitely not one to be missed ! This book has a bit of everything
 I actually stopped reading this book , when I realized this little girl had really been molested , and I could not make it unhappen . My reaction was
 I listened to this book during a long road trip . I loved it ! In fact , I started it about 3 hours into my return trip -LRB- 12-14 hour drive -RRB- . I was n't done with it by the time I returned . For the next three days I found myself driving around so I could finish my book . I was surprised to see that it got such bad reviews by the reading public . I like books where I am a bit uncertain how the characters will react to new situations and where I am equally as uncertain about what is going to happen next . Although some of the events themselves were predictable , how they came about was not . I like that . I encourage those who decided against this book to consider listening to it on their next road trip . I listened to the unabridge version . The only drawback was that the book was recorded on all tracks individually -LRB- you had to listen to each side twice but switching the speakers to either right or left depending on where you were in the book -RRB- . As far as a child acting like an adult . When something like that happens to you at that age , unless you live the rest your life scared of every person and every thing you have no choice but to grow up fast when it comes to coping with a horrific incidents such as being raped and abuse when you were child . It 's inevitable that the newfound maturity will spill out into other aspects of the child 's life . I think the author handled it well by not explaining the process of how Emma coped but by setting up the environment in which her healing took place , just letting the healing happen and manifesting those changes in Emma 's actions and conversations throughout the book .
 Remember Dillion and , his new wife , Sherlock ? They co-star in Catherine Coulter 's latest release ! In this one , Judge Ramsey Hunt is in the mountains to escape the paparazzo . The famous `` Judge Dredd '' ended up living up to his reputation even there though . While cutting logs he hears something out of the ordinary and finds six year old , Emma , unconscience in the woods . It was obvious she had been beaten and sexually abused . It took his almost a week to gain her trust . Emma did not speak a word until her mother , Molly Santera , came through the door with gun in hand to save her daughter.Emma had been kidnapped near her backyard when Molly had taken her eyes off Emma for less than five seconds to snap a photo . However , the ransom did not come until after she had Emma back . Her ex-husband was over seas giving a concert tour and could care less . Molly 's father was all , but called , The Godfather . Everyone had to put their differences aside and their heads together to keep Ramsey , Molly , and Emma alive until the leader of the conspiracy was caught . *** Highly recommended as a thriller with many curves . ***
 I am just getting acquainted with Catherine Coulter 's FBI Series and I am not dissappointed . I could n't put this book down for a minute . Never a dull moment . If you get the chance listen to the audiobook unabridged version & read while listening and you will enjoy it even more . You will experience every emotion including shock , anger , terror , frustration , sadness and last but not least happiness.When you least expect it another twist and turn takes place and the author keeps you guessing . What now ? What next?Judge Ramsey Hunt takes some time off of his court duties after some shocking circumstances & heads to a quiet mountain cabin in the Rockies for some peace and quiet hoping to quiet the nightmares . Never in a milion years does he imagine that will stumble upon a child that has been kidnapped and what on earth will he do next . What should he do next?I am not going to give anything else away just read it and you will nto be dissappointed !
 I fell in love with this story . While Savich and Sherlock did n't have a major presence in this installment , the main characters more than adequately filled that space.The relationship between Ramsey and the child he discovers is touching and it was written in a way that had you experiencing its development rather naturally . The suspense surrounding her story unfolded at the right pace and I could n't put the book down.This story stands on its own but I appreciated having read the previous two . No matter where you come into this series , Target is a must read .
 This book was a wonderful suspence story . And the tenderhearted judge is the kind of man I dream of meeting . . one with character and understanding and intelligence . Ramsey refuses to let evil win , no matter the cost to him . His protection and care of a little girl that was in desparate need was heartwarming . This book was more suspence than romance , but it had heart and feeling . I have read hundreds of romance novels , and I find that I like the ones that veer from the normal . It keeps me interested . Ramsey , Molly and Emma are now my friends for life . I 'll read this book over and over . I bought the hardback addition , then gave it to a friend after I had read it , and I bought it again in paperback . Guess I liked it pretty well huh ?
 It has been several years since I read this in hardcover edition but I have always thought it was one of Coulter 's best . I 'll admit it is not as suspenseful as The Maze but then what book is . I think some of the tender scenes between the child and the adult characters in this book give us an intimacy and a very admirable picture of the love and generosity of the main characters . So what if the last 50 to 100 pages was not as suspenseful as some would like .
 WHEN I GET ONE OF THE FBI SERIES BOOKS , PUT ME IN A ROOM AND WAIT UNTIL I AM FINISHED TO TALK . CATHERINE TAKES ME INTO ANOTHER WORLD WHEN I AM READING ANY OF HER FBI SERIES INVOLVING LACY AND DILLION .
 Sorry , excuse my pun , but I loved this book . I read a lot of books , but it has to be a superior book before I give it five stars . Maybe , this book fit just right into my life right now ; I do n't know . I enjoyed this book immensely . I am fairly new to Catherine Coulter , but she rates with my favorite authors -- Bille Letts , Micheal West , Leo Tolstoy , Greg Iiles , and Jacqueline Susan ... to name a few . Buy this book and read it because you want a good book to read , one that you ca n't put down all day .
 The Target is the first Catherine Coulter book I 've read , but it not going to be my last . I loved it . It mixed suspense , thrills , and a tiny bit of romance all into one explosive package . Here is a little summary about it.Judge Ramsey Hunt goes to his cabin high in the Rockies to escape unwanted media attention after a disturbing incident in his courtroom . But his quest for peace and quiet is broken when soon after arriving , he finds a young girl beaten and unconscious in the woods . When she awakens , he finds that she has been too trumatized to even speak . So not wanting to scare her further , Ramsey takes care of her himself , and finds trouble as men come looking for her . And also the girl 's mother , Molly , who comes looking for the girl , and mistakens him for the kidnapper . But everything is straightened out , and Ramsey stays with them to help who is trying to hurt the girl .
 This was one of the best mystery novels I have read . Maybe it is because I was a single parent dad , but Judge Hunt 's desire to protect Emma really touched me . His romance with Mollie was wonderful , and the mystery was superb . You must read this .
 Hidden Riches , set in modern-day Philadelphia , brings together Jed Skimmerhorn , a discontented police captain and Dora Conway , an antiques dealer . Captain Skimmerhorn is the new tenant in the apartment located above Dora 's antique shop and across from her own living quarters . No doubt that their feeling definite attraction toward each other , Skimmerhorn fights against his feelings for Dora and the loving , overwhelming Conway family . Forces change however when he is pulled in by Dora , who unwittingly stumbles into the evil world of art and antique smuggling valuable and finds her very existence threatened . Hidden Riches is quite a suspenseful story with a love story happening along the way . Skimmerhorn , a strong , brooding man has that some demons from his past to conquer . Dora is a strong character-a woman who is independent , intelligent , beautiful , and determined . Drawn together by forces greater than themselves , they are forced to face his past and the future neither had planned for . This book is one of my favorite that Ms. Roberts ' has written - strong characters , excellent setting . One of Nora Roberts ' greatest stories !
 First , let me say that I am a HUGE Nora Roberts fan ! I have read nearly ever book she 's written , including the chilling series penned as J.D. Robb . I have been reading her books for years , and she rarely lets me down . This is one of her earlier novels.HIDDEN RICHES is a story about Dora Conroy , a feisty , beautiful woman who owns an antiques store in Philadelphia . Dora 's store is broken into after she makes the winning bid on a painting at auction , which is really a priceless masterpiece disguised . Once the painting 's real owner realizes a mistake has been made and someone else has his precious painting , it becomes the focus of much criminal attention , placing Dora in danger.Jed Skimmerhorn is Dora 's love interest in the novel . He is handsome , rich , socially prominent ... except he is also miserably unhappy after the death of his sister , which he feels responsible for . He has gone into early retirement from the police force and is renting a room from Dora when she becomes a target for the criminals . The novel details their growing romance , Jed 's internal battles as he tries to come to grips with his sister 's death , and of course the battle between Jed and Dora vs. the criminals!HIDDEN RICHES , in traditional Nora Roberts style , features great writing and witty dialogue that flows and feels natural for the two characters . As a few other reviewers have noticed , Jed 's character was a little dark at times , in part because of the shadow of grief and guilt that seemed to hang over him . Dora was very light-hearted and quirky . Her family was especially loveable , as Jed soon found out -- a troupe of actors with larger-than-life personas and huge hearts!While I did enjoy the novel , I had to take off a few points because of the suspense-romance aspect . Romantic suspense is one of my favorite genres ... it 's usually a lot of fun , because you have two great characters who fall in love while trying to solve some kind of mystery together . However , the thing I did n't like about HIDDEN RICHES was that there really was no suspense . From the get-go , readers know who the bag guy is , and personally , I enjoy trying to figure out who the bad guy is ! The only thing that built up as far as the suspense part of the novel goes is the ultimate confrontation between Jed & Dora and the villain.Of course , Nora Roberts is a force to be reckoned with , and she has a very devoted following of fans . Her clever writing and strongly-drawn characters make her a favorite of mine . Anyone who has read the earlier romantic suspense novels Roberts is so popular for will have to add this book to their collection . I also recommend TRUE BETRAYALS and SWEET REVENGE .
 `` Hidden Riches '' by Nora Roberts is a fresh , intriguing and exciting tale . The characters will grab your attention and make you care about them right from the start , as Roberts once again proves why she is the queen of romantic suspense.Antique dealer Dora Conroy buys a lot of items , including an abstract painting and some porcelain figures , at an auction in Virginia . Unfortunately , Dora 's new acquisitions actually belong to a cold-blooded criminal who will stop at nothing to get them back.Dora 's new tenant , Jed Skimmerhorn , a prematurely retired police captain , is dealing with the guilt of his sister 's death and does n't need a woman like Dora complicating his life . However , Jed and Dora are undeniably drawn to each other , and their tentative friendship blooms into a lovely romance.A break-in at Dora 's shop starts Dora and Jed on a trail that leads to the truth about Dora 's auction items , and on a collision course with the intended recipient of her items , an obsessed and unbalanced killer.Dora is in extreme danger , but Jed is determined to protect her and get to the bottom of the mystery . Roberts skilfully builds the suspense and excitement in this novel , leading up to Jed and Dora 's inevitable confrontation with the culprit . `` Hidden Riches '' kept me enthralled from start to finish . Roberts ' interesting and vivid characters compelled me to read their story , and the plot itself was original and lots of fun . I guarantee that this book will entertain and satisfy you , so buy it today !
 Dora Conroy has a small eclectic antique shop . When she receives a shipment of items she won at auction , she realizes some of the wrong items were shipped . It is then that she becomes a target by a ruthless businessman . Her new tenant , Jed Skimmerhorn , is attracted to Dora and feels the need to protect her . As they work together to solve the mystery of the black-market artwork , they must battle his past , her family , and an international criminal to have a future.This is an older work by NR . Well written , and I liked the characters Dora and Jed . The secondary characters were very well done , and an important part of the story .
 This is my favorite book of Nora Roberts . It is very easy to believe that these characters are real because she tackles issues that are true . The dialogue and content is amazing . Never once was I bored . Jed and Dora are hilarious and interesting . Their romance is sizzling and very hot ! The suspense and mystery is also amazing . You never know what is going to happen . I would like to see a sequel to what happens to Jed and Dora . THIS IS NORA ROBERTS BEST BOOK EVER !
 Hidden Riches , whose setting is in the city of brotherly love , brings together Jed Skimmerhorn , a dislusioned police captain , and Dora Conway , an antique dealer.Jed , who is from a disfunctional rich family , has had it with life . He abandons the life style that has brought him nothing but heartache to move into a sparse apartment owed by Dora Conway.Though Jed fights against the physcial and mental pull toward Dora and the loving , overwhelming Conway family , he is pulled to them when Dora unwittingly stumbles into the evil world of smuggling valuable antiquties , and is noe threatening her very exsistance.Hidden Riches is a story that will draw you into the characters lifes . The hero is a strong , brooding charcter that has the good sense to admire and be drawn to a heroine who is also a strong witty character . They never let you down by acting wimpy or stupid even when danger is near and the heroine will try to get herself out of danger rather than wimp out , Bravo Nora Roberts , another excellent novel .
 This is one of my favorite Nora Roberts books . I absolutely loved the character of Jed , and Dora is one of the best female protagonists Nora Roberts has written . She does n't come across as needy , weak , or remotely unsympathetic -- she 's strong and independent and still a lot of fun . There was no real `` mystery '' in this book -- you knew who was trying to steal and why -- but that 's okay . I was so wrapped up in Jed and Dora 's story that it did n't really matter what happened with the `` hidden riches '' .
 Of all of Nora Roberts ' books -- and yes , I 've read them all -- this is my favorite . It is undoubtedly her funniest . I first read it six years ago . I loaned it to a friend who forgot to return it , so I had to buy it again . I 'm on my fourth copy now , I 've read it probably ten times , but I keep on loaning it out and reordering and re-reading . The characters are lovingly developed , and the dialogue quick and genuine.Dora , our heroine , is a gutsy gal who takes no gruff off anyone , especially her new tenant , ex-cop Jeb Skimmerhorn . They 're a recipe for great romantic sparks and hot sexual tension.This is truly Nora at her very finest . I wish she 'd write another just like it . Or almost like it !
 I picked this book up while on vacation a few years ago . I had never heard of Nora Roberts and was not a romance fan . This story introduced me to Roberts and romance.The plot revolves around Dora Conroy , a quirky proprietor of a small antique shop , who inadvertently interferes with the illegal shipment of some smuggled artwork and becomes the target of a ruthless and deadly businessman . Her new tenant Jed Skimmerhorn , an ex detective with the Philadelphia PD , is reluctantly attracted to Dora and feels obligated to protect her when the bad guys break into her apartment and threaten her . Add Dora 's spirited family of actors and their bizarre show biz friends into the mix and you have the recipe for fun.The story is at times humorous , often suspenseful , very romantic and always a great read . You wo n't want to miss this one .
 Nora Roberts is always a go to author who guarantees an entertaining read . I liked the story line and the characters were not bigger than life but flawed and interesting .
 What can I say , it 's a Nora Roberts early book but every bit as good as any other . I thorougly enjoyed it .
 Hidden Riches is my # 1 favorite Nora Roberts non-series novel . All of Nora 's characters in all her books jump off the page but the heroine 's family in this story are so identifiable with people we really know ... . and the mystery aspect takes the hero and heroine from coast to coast with just enough suspense to keep you turning the pages -- and the antics of the heroine 's family makes you chuckle ... . next to the McGregor series -LRB- the best books ever !!! -RRB- Hidden Riches is always my number one recommendation !!!!
 To Amazon , I was interest in the suspence of this adventure.Sometime when you read a book you think could this really happen!Dora and Jed were ment to be together . Everyone will enjoy this book .
 This book was awesome , just as Nora Roberts ' books are . The plot is excellent and the romance is great . I loved it . As usual , I could n't put it down .
 Ms. Roberts takes the reader into the world of collectibles and junk trinkets . To spice it up the bad guy is a ruthless collector who will stop at nothing to add to the art he has amassed by any means.As with most of Ms. Roberts 's works , the characters are strong and likeable . Except for the protagonist , of course . You just have to dislike him . The suspense builds nicely , along with the romance.This is a book worth adding to your collection .
 This is one of Roberts ' better books , with an uncomplicated , likeable heroine , a surly , tortured hero and an assortment of charming or frightening secondary characters . The plot is simple and there is no doubt about the identity of the villain . There are two reasons why I did n't give this book 5 stars . First , the hero and heroine smoke , which may not have been a big deal in the 1990s when this was written , but by today 's standards it 's a jarring note . Second , the heroine 's charming father drinks . A lot . And everyone dismisses it as a little quirk that does no harm . Again , by today 's standards , this is something that is unacceptable .
 Nora Roberts never fails to give us a great story and this is one really good one . Nothing like an evening with a good book . I highly recommend Hidden Riches .
 This was one of Nora Roberts ' good mystery-romance novels . I liked the characters and the plot . But , as usual with her books , she ends them abruptly
 i liked this book . as always , the relationship between dora and jed is perfect -LRB- from bitter to insulting to love -RRB- and the family of dora is a strong one -LRB- seems like im talking about most of nora roberts characters huh ?? -RRB- and the evil bad guy is always full of greed and ... well ... evilness !!! : : smile .
 In typical Nora Roberts fashion - this mystery is interesting and exciting and the romance is hot.I Loved this book . The relationship as it grows between Dora and Jed is fun to read about . The mystery kept me interested and added some spark to this book.It is obvious that Nora Roberts did a lot of research when writing this book . I appreciate that as it shows through in her writing and makes the book that much more realistic.Wonderful book .
 This book was interesting from page one and remained interesting until the end . Dora was a gem , a real delight . Jed -LRB- did n't like that name -RRB- was a good hero , too . I promise , you 'll not be bored with this one , as the plot Nora Roberts wrapped around the romance was very good .
 Hidden Riches by the literary world 's finest writer , Nora Roberts , has created one of her best stories to date with this one . A story so exciting I had trouble putting the book down ! ` You go girl ! ' Keep turning em ' out !
 `` Hidden Riches '' was my first reading of Nora Roberts , and I 've been hooked every since ! After reading all of Nora I can find , this one still remains `` Top '' on my list ! The characters are a riot , such chemistry !!! I would love to see a # 2 Book for a continuation of where we leave off ! NORA 'S A `` MASTER '' OF GREAT WORKS ... WEAVING LOVE , LAUGHTER , LUST , AND LOST OF TWISTING SUSPENSE !!! Her way of writing is not designed as `` chick books '' so check her out `` guys '' ! READ & ENJOY !!!
 Roberts throws her main character , Dora Conroy , into a suspense filled adventure when Dora buys a few antique pieces at an auction for her store . All too soon people connected with the purchase start showing up murdered . Her young viral renter , Jed , in the apartment across from her and above her store is a retired policeman . Threats are made and Jed goes instinctually into action.The thriller develops with a kaleidoscope of interesting characters . All the while the romance simmers . Roberts certainly brings out what oppressed collectors will do when they ca n't get the objects that they want . They will get it at any costs even murder .
 Wonderful characters , interesting story line . As usual Nora Roberts delivered again . I always enjoy how Ms. Roberts develops her characters . Great fun .
 It was an interesting read , but it did n't rate a 5 Star from me , because there were too many bodies . The killer 's victims were likable characters and I hated to see them killed off ... but the book had everything one looks for in a romantic , suspense story .
 Product was clean and error free and the story was engaging and fast paced and still managed to draw you into it 's world and make you care about the characters while you listened .
 This book was fun to read . Anyone with a little suspense in their bones will really like this book , read .
 I throughly enjoyed the book . Nora Roberts writes in such fascinating ways ... romance , suspense , family , trust and faith . I so enjoyed Hidden riches .
 Loved this Nora Roberts book!I read as much Nora as I can get , and this one did not disappoint .
 This is my first Nora Roberts book . I must say that i thoroughly enjoyed the book .
 I laughed out loud so many times reading the book . Nora 's very good with sneaking small funny details in her books that catch you off guard . `` My dear Izzy , the deed is done ! '' :P I think this book mixes the right amount of suspense and romance , and humour , which makes it a very engaging read . Yay to you , Nora !
 I am absolutely amazed no one has reviewed this book . It is excellent . I am not going to give a synopsis becuase you guys can read the editorials above . If you like Nora read this book !!!
 true betrayalsHigh NoonAngels FallValley of Silence -LRB- The Circle Trilogy , Book 3 -RRB-
 I was amazed when I received this cassette set from Amazon.com to find it is double taped -LRB- 5 cassettes instead of 7 or 8 cassettes -RRB- and needs a two speaker system -LRB- You have to switch from speaker a to b four times for each tape -RRB- or an adapter -LRB- only available by the cassette company . -RRB- Story is excellent as I have read the book but am now unable to hear the tape on a regular tape player . Beware of this situation before you buy it . Also , Amazon.com , please make note of this situation when describing the specifics of the product .
 Actually , I would give this book 4-1/2 stars . Being a Nora-addict , I spend most of my reading time enjoying her many novels . This story brought me back to the Dream Trilogy where the girls opened the shop `` Pretenses . '' Isadora Conroy is a young lady from a family of actors who decides that while acting is in her blood and enjoyable , she much rather run her antique shop . She and her sister partake on an buying trip , puchasing , unbeknownst to them , items that are a cover-up to several extremely valuable and very expensive original antiques , including an original Monet painting . Enter Jeddiah Skimmerhorn , rich , good looking and an ex-captain of the police force who is trying to sort out his own tragic loss of his sister while on the job ; this event being the cause of his resignation from the force . Jed decides to leave the mansion he was raised in and go to a no-frills , comfortable apartment way of life where he plans on being able to live the life of a hermit . Dora , happy with life and very much the extravert , happens to be the landlord of the apartment he rents and this is where our story takes off . The characters are very entertaining and the story never lets your down . Dora 's family , mom , dad , sister and kids are a very enjoyable and entertaining group . There is comedy , romance , intrigue and espionage . `` Hidden Riches '' is certainly a story worthy of reading .
 I enjoyed this book . I enjoy romance books , but I cant stand to have them cheesy . I like a little romantic suspense , i do n't like having everything a girl wants to read about being in one book all together and having it all predictable . If that makes any sense ... But this book did n't have that as much , so I enjoyed it . I also enjoyed Dora and Jeds `` words '' between them . Sarcastic smart-assy remarks , I really enjoyed . They made me laugh and think how real life they could be .
 HIDDEN RICHES is a tale about an antique dealer -LRB- Dora Conroy -RRB- who buys some items for her shop at an auction and becomes the target of an international criminal . Enter Jed Skimmerhorn -LRB- where did she get that name ? -RRB- who is an ex-cop and new neighbor of Dora 's . His attraction to her causes him to jump back into the crime game to protect Dora at all costs . They have to figure out why she is the target and they find out that treasures can be hidden almost anywhere . Of course they have to battle a mutual attraction along the way!Ok , this theme has been done over and over again , but not was well as Nora Roberts does it ! Once again she adds romance and mystery together for her own special blend of wonderful reading . She does it so well , that I 've forgotten if she writes a better romance novel or mystery . She always has strong characters and interesting locations . She does n't buy into the one weak and one strong character issue , but instead combines passion , strong wills , intelligence , etc. . This is a much more realistic view of people in today 's world.I 've read most of her books , and with the exception of a few Silhouette Romance novels in the beginning of her career , I have n't found any that I did n't like . I 've especially enjoyed her latest -LRB- actually those from the last 5 or so years ! -RRB- which combine the genres and create a fictional account that is her own extraordinary writing style and has something for every type of reader !
 The novel starts off with Jed Skimmerhorn , and ex-police officer . He moves into an apartment just above Dora 's Parlor . Dora Conroy is an ex-actor who opened her own business selling antiques and collectibles . She is Jed 's new landlord.At an auction , Dora wins a few boxes of artwork and various trinkets , not knowing that they will get her into a lot of trouble with some smugglers and bring her closer to Jed.This is an incredible romantic thriller . It was the first Nora Roberts novel I have ever read , and it inspired me to read many others .
 `` Hidden Riches '' was my introduction to Nora Roberts , and it hooked me from page one . Just the right mix of suspense and romance . The romantic tension of the two main characters will often cause you to smile , because you just know that these two were meant for each other , stubborn as they are . I can distinctly remember sitting in my living room as I started this book , how it was cloudy outside and I had the heater on and a glass of lemonade on the table next to me . Definitely says something for the author that I can remember so much of the setting when I started this book ! One thing I can say for Nora Roberts is she 's inspiring ! Every book introduces an occupation or place which makes me want to do that or go there . Antiques dealing -LRB- Hidden Riches -RRB- , glass blowing -LRB- Born in Fire -RRB- , Ireland -LRB- many , many of her books take place there -RRB- . Nora Roberts writes high quality romances , many with a touch of suspense which helps give conflict and interest . Try `` Hidden Riches '' I think you 'll enjoy it .
 If you like Nora Roberts , this is Nora at her best . If you 've never read her books , please do -- you wo n't be disappointed ! In `` Hidden Riches '' , Dora is a delightful character with the kind of quirky family we all wanted as kids ! Jed is a gorgeous cop who is trying to reevaluate his life . Put them together , with a `` love to hate'em '' bad guy , and you 've got a book that you wo n't want to put down . I 've read this book several times over the years , and still love it .
 What a wonderful story . Jed an inactive cop -LRB- his resignation was not accepted but was put on leave -RRB- moves into the apartment building that Dora Conroy owns to get away from the house he grew up in with bad memories . Dora an antique collector owns her own little store downstairs . She finds Jed very attractive and while he is also attracted to her , he tries to stay away from her because he has no desire to be involved with anyone . He feels too much guilt over things that happened while he was an active Captain . She is more of the aggressor but not in a pushy way . She sees he 's a man with much hurts to overcome and she knows she 's the one to help him through . The dialogue between these two is incredibly funny at times . She purchases two items from an auction and the problems begin . The shipment sent to this auctioneer was sent in error . This shipment should have gone to a very wealthy and very crooked man who will stop at absolutely nothing to get his merchandise back . He too is a collector of the fine arts and antiques but he smuggles to get them . Trying to get the items back after they are sold at the auction is what the story is about . A great read from beginning to end . The ending was better than I could have imagined .
 An OUTSTANDING read - I only wish Nora Roberts would make a series of books based on Dora and Jed . Dora 's colorful , warm family getting mixed up in `` intrigue '' and dragging Dora into it , Dora helping Jed out on a case or two with her unique talents and knowledge - I can see many wonderful mysteries and adventures in their lives that I 'd love to read about . This book was just too wonderful , the charicters too rich and warm , it leaves the reader wanting MORE .
 Hidden Riches , I got this book Nov ,2009 / audio book , audio cd/Unabridged versionand have Read -LRB- Listened to it a couple of times -RRB- Since I received it , Enjoyed it Very Much ! * Antiques dealer Dora Conroy 's hidden riches start with the painting she bids for at a local auction , unaware of the treasure it conceals . Then there 's her new tenant , handsome , brooding Jed Skimmerhorn , who moves into the apartment above her shop . Though the ex-cop and scion of a wealthy Philadelphia family first appears rude and rough , he surprises Dora with acts of tenderness . And Dora needs plenty of TLC after her shop is broken into , she 's nearly raped and she learns that others who purchased goods from a particular shipment at the auction are turning up dead . Joining forces with Dora to track down the culprits behind the thefts and murders , Jed is drawn into the life of the effervescent Dora and her endearingly eccentric theatrical family . * The story begins with Dora Parents are putting on a play , Dora and her Sister leaha are watching from back stage , and are on their way to Va. on a buying trip for Dora 's Antique shop ... . in Philadelphia PA. . Dora Love 's Going to auctions & Shopping . * her buying trip was very successful , she purchased a painting , and Some cobalt blue salt sellers for one of her Regular customers . among tons of other things , and it Seems she bought items that belonged to Some one else a Mr finley an unsavory man from California `` Finley '' is None to happy ! Mean while Jed Skimmerhorn has moved into the apartment above Dora 's shop . -LRB- Dora 's Parlor -RRB- jed a handsome man but very rude , Grumpy and keeps to himself mostly . * -LRB- finley -RRB- Sends one of his men -LRB- Decarlo -RRB- to Virginia to find out just exactly what had happened to his merchandise , then to philly to Dora Conroy 's shop and finds out most of Finley 's belongings had already been Sold , So Decarlo steals the list of customers the merchandise was sold to and calls his employer `` finley '' he 's Told to get his merchandise back by any means possible , including murder . * when I really started getting into Reading books -LRB- listening to Audio Books -RRB- in 2009 Nora Roberts was the First Author I Started Reading/listening to , And Ms.Roberts / J.D.Robb is One of My FAVORITES !! I Love her romance Novels & her In Death Series !!!
 Set in Philadelphia , the story brings together Jed , a strong , brooding man and a discontented police captain and Dora Conway , intelligent , independent woman and an antiques dealer . Jed has no desire to get connected with anyone as he fights his own demons , but ca n't help himself . There 's intrigue and suspense around antique smuggling , humor and romance , and cute interplay that keeps the reader hooked . A fun read !
 I love her books ! And just like all of the others , I could n't put it down !
 Nora Roberts always provides an opportunity for fun and escapism . Her characters are fully developed , imperfect , and real . They survive and surmount challenges with aplomb . It 's always a pleasure to enter the worlds she creates . Thank you Nora .
 This was the first book I read by Nora Roberts and this book hooked me on her . This is an exciting , suspenseful , romantic story . I could hardly put this book down to do anything !! I would also recommend Sanctuary -LRB- very violent but a great edge of your seat romance -RRB- , The Calhoun Women series , The Mackades -LRB- what a great group of brothers!sigh ! -RRB- I know I 'm forgetting a bunch . Most of her books are great . Happy reading !
 Hidden Riches is yet another great read from one of the greatest writers . Jed and Dora are a perfect match . Dora 's family adds humor and depth to the story . Read it , you wo n't be disappointed !
 I enjoy this book very much . One of her best . The chemistry between the hero/heroine is very good and the secondary characters cute .
 I owned this book and must have loaned it out but it never was returned . I could not recall the exact title and was n't sure it was written by Nora Roberts . I wanted to read it again so much that I searched the web for books by my favorite authors until I came across the title , Hidden Riches . I read the trailer and was so glad I found it so I purchased another copy . It has romance , suspence , family , and humor . One of Nora 's better stories .
 Nora Roberts is so dependable to release '' Just What I Am Interested In '' . Although I also enjoy '' True Crime '' - I have purchased many more by Roberts.She is a Genius in keeping my interest - I would suggest anyone interested in Suspense - Romance & a Dash of Comedy at times - check out her work .
 This is one of Nora Roberts ' best novels ! Truly enjoyable ! Also , a big thanks for the speedy delivery of this book .
 As always , Nora Roberts continues to captivate her readers with a well-written and captivating tale . You 'll love the suspense and intrigue as you see the two main characters drawn to each other and how they help each other to see things from a different perspective .
 I 've read many of Nora Roberts ' books , and this one was definitely more enjoyable for me than most as the main characters were not terribly abrasive , anal , or whiny . You did know who the villan was , but you had to read on to see where he/she would strike next . The low points were the story 's slow beginning and the ending got a bit goofy . Overall it was a fun read .
 Hidden Riches takes a little bit longer to get going then most of Robert 's books . It is well worth the wait , however , as Robert 's eventually pulls in her trade mark suspense , mystery , and romance . I highly recommend it .
 I have just finished reading Hidden Riches . This book is absolutely one of the best books I have ever read . It never ceases to amaze me how Nora can continue to produce these novels as quickly as she does . It was so suspenseful that I found it extremely hard to put down . I hope she never quits writing and keeps those good books coming . Way to go Nora !
 Nora Roberts is my favorite writer , and this book is my favorite of them all . The characters are fun and lovable and their interaction is beautifully written . Jed and Dora are wonderful .
 An all time favorite of mine , which I 've read a thousand times and can still do so . The love between Dora and Jed , family ties and value of friendship are so well understood and explained by Nora Roberts . The book not only entertains you with witty dialogues but also touches a deep chord in the heart . It teaches you a variety of lessons and grips you with intrigue and terror . A must read for anyone who loves LOVE ...
 This is my all time favorite Nora Roberts book ! All of them have been wonderful , but the relationship between Jed and Dora had that little something extra . If I had to recommend only one of her books to read , this would be it !
 I discovered Nora Roberts books from here - Amazon 2 months ago . Thank you . This is my 9th book and it 's amazing that all her books are so entertaining . Dora in Hidden Riches is so adorable that you can not help to like her or wish that you have some of her character in you especially her witty comments . Ted is exactly what I expect from a Cop . Unromantic but he sure knows how to win a lady 's heart . This is a must buy book .
 Nora Roberts has again done what so many other authors strive for - she creates real , credible characters with honest emotions . Dora Conroy is a little bit of every woman - strong , smart and human enough to be afraid of getting hurt . Jed Skimmerhorn is rough , cynical and emotionally detached , until Dora is drawn into his life and forces him to face both the past he regrets and the future he never wanted to face . An excellent story
 The romance and the mystery intertwined in this book make it irresistable to put down . I devoured the book . I loved the characters
 Nora Roberts can sure spin romance and suspense into a fascinating plot.Dora Conroy is an antique dealer , and everything a woman would like to be - intelligent , strong , witty and very beautiful.Jed Skimerhorn is her tenant , a gorgeous man - and a cop . When he moves in next door , sparks fly.When Dora buys a painting in an auction , she accidentally puts herself in the middle of an evil man 's path , and `` accident '' suddenly happen all around her . While untangling themselves of evil 's web , Dora and Jed manage to resolve some very painful private demons.I enjoyed every minute of this book .
 This is a fantastic book ... it brings together all of Nora Robert 's strongest talents . Fast , witty dialogue , a fascinating plot , deeply interesting seconday characters and two protagonists that make me laugh out loud and feel real empathy for their all too human foibles.I may be in love with Jed Skimmerhorn for the rest of my life . I do n't think anyone writes a male character for women better than Nora . They are all flawed and vulnerable , but you do n't feel like mugging their therapist . They are annoying , infuriating , by turns selfish and self serving , but also sexy , warm , smart and gloriously interesting !!! Her female characters all make me want to have drinks with them . My highest compliment
 One reviewer felt the male lead was abusive . I completely disagree . He 's a guy with issues . A guy who 's essentially scared to get close . Your basic wonderful , stupid man . LOL . Anyway , he feels he stepped over the line and has resigned his position as chief of Police . Our heroine draws him in , captivates him , and ... Read the book and find out !!! Hidden Riches
 Dora Conroy 's actor father rents the apartment in her building to Jed Skimmerhorn , a burned out cop . Jed is struggling to decide his future . Dora 's passion is antiques and after a buying trip she is targeted by a thief/murderer . I love Dora 's and Jed 's families ; they add much to the story .
 I just finished reading this , and I 've read about 50 of her books , and this is one of my favorites . Dora , the main character is amazing , and never quits trying to defeat the villian , even when she 's not sure who it is . There is a wonderful cast of characters , and you fall in love with all of them . And you are truly upset , when they are upset , and happy when they are happy . I highly recommend this book .
 This is one of her best books I have read . I absolutley loved all her characters in the book . The storyline between Dora and Jed was fantastic . You could just sense Jed 's pain when remembering his family and the discomfort of now knowing how to deal with Dora 's family when first introduced to them -LRB- which by the way added a cute storyline on the side -RRB- . I recommend this book to other readers .
 NORA ROBERTS HAS GOT A BEST SELLER WITH THIS ONE FOR SURE ! ALL SHE DID WAS GO TO AN AUCTION TO BUY SOME ITEMS FOR HER SHOP . LITTLE DID SHE KNOW THE ITEMS BEING SMUGGLED BENEATH HER NOSE . THE HERO IS SENT TO PROVE HER INNOCENT OR GUILTY OF SMUGGLING STOLEN GOODS INTO THE COUNTRY . I WAS HOOKED BY PAGE ONE
 This was one of my favorite of Nora Robert 's stories . I admit that the Sister 's trilogy -LRB- which I would love to see expanded -RRB- was the very best , but this was excellent.I DO wish , having creatively used the word `` fisted '' which was initially interesting in context , that Ms. Roberts would lose that word for a while as it has begun to be an unexpected annoyance given the frequency it is now used.Otherwise , I ca n't think of literature to which I would rather escape in this genre .
 Hidden Riches is one of my favorite books , if I 'm in the mood for a saucy romantic mystery this is the one I pull off the shelf.The growing romance between Dora Conrad and her anti-social tenant , former police lieutenant Jed Skimmerhorn is flirty , sexy and sweet.The mystery surrounding a purchase from an estate sale and menacing break ins of Dora 's antique shop draw them closer and closer together despite themselves . The resolution of the mystery and romance are both satisfying.Nora Roberts ' quirky , eccentric and endearing characters pull me into Dora and Jed 's adventure every time . Closing the book is bittersweet .
 This is an earlier book by Herself that I had not previously read . Not sure how I managed to miss it , but it is well worth going back to find and read . The characters are well enough drawn and with enough complexity and humor that the book came close to her current work for a satisfaction factor . Not quite up to her J.D. Robb incarnation , but getting there !
 This was the first time I had read Nora Roberts and I really liked her writing style . It was a fast read and every time I put it down , I could n't wait to pick it up again . The heroine had a great personality and there were touches of humor that made the characters endearing . I ca n't believe I 've never read any of her books before , especially since there are so many of them . I ca n't wait to get my hands on as many as I can . I guess there 's a reason why she is so popular and has been able to publish so many books ... duh . Give her a try , I 'm glad I did .
 The Edge is a good book . I enjoyed it . It was kind of slow but not too slow.I received it in great shape .
 This book really deserves an A + . This is the first book by this author I have read . This book has it all - a little romance , lots of suspense and a smashing ending !
 The Edge is the best book by Catherine Coulter yet . I was on the edge of my seat till the very end . Each page had you guessing and the suspense and intrigue kept me turning pages until I had finished the entire book in one night ! I also highly recommend the sequels to this book . The Cove , The Target , and my other favorite The Maze .
 Having read the rest in the series , I found that this one was great . I enjoyed the change from normal romances to a mystery/detective . I purchased this book the day it hit the shelves and had it finished that night before I went to bed . Normally not being able to read in the first person , I breezed through this book . Kept me guessing and enthralled to find out what really happened to the sister . I would highly recommend this book or any others from this author .
 While recovering in Bethesda Naval Hospital from a terrorist incident , FBI agent Ford `` Mac '' Macdougal mentally connects with his sister Jilly as she drives her car over a cliff near Edgerton , Oregon . He learns the act is genuine and she is in a coma.Mac goes to Oregon to see Jilly , who awakens soon after hearing his voice . However , while Jilly was comatose , Mac learns from her that she feels betrayed by someone named Laura . He finds out who Laura is and soon realizes she is an undercover DEA . When Jilly finally recovers , she almost immediately disappears . As Mac and Laura work together to discover the truth behind the marketing of a new illegal drug that makes people act crazy , they fall in love . However , he still has doubts about Laura due to the ramblings of his beloved sibling and another incident involving laced coffee.Best selling author Catherine Coulter is renowned for her powerful romantic intrigue novels . Her current novel , THE EDGE , is an interesting tale starring two Feds struggling to trust one another even as the two law enforcement officials fall in love . The secondary cast augments the tale even though the villains seem a bit weak . Still , Ms. Coulter scores another big success with this story that takes readers to the edge.Harriet Klausner
 While recovering in Bethesda Naval Hospital from a terrorist incident , FBI agent Ford `` Mac '' Macdougal mentally connects with his sister Jilly as she drives her car over a cliff near Edgerton , Oregon . He learns the act is genuine and she is in a coma.Mac goes to Oregon to see Jilly , who awakens soon after hearing his voice . However , while Jilly was comatose , Mac learns from her that she feels betrayed by someone named Laura.Best selling author Catherine Coulter is renowned for her powerful romantic intrigue novels . Her current novel , THE EDGE , is an interesting tale starring two Feds struggling to trust one another even as the two law enforcement officials fall in love . The secondary cast augments the tale even though the villains seem a bit weak . Still , Ms. Coulter scores another big success with this story that takes readers to the edge.Harriet Klausner
 A male point of view , first person was kind of different but worked . Reviewer from Walla Walla , Washington needs to read more carefully . Mac ordered the Meat Loaf special dinner . In my country , dinners usually come with soup or salad and a potato . After they brought his salad , he was informed that they were out of the meatloaf . He did n't eat the girl 's salad . In the toilet seat scene , he put the gas canaster in the toilet and closed the seat lid . The other person was holding the porcelin tank lid . However , since almost all calico cats are female , the cat should have been a female not male . Picky picky , but I liked the book . Ca n't wait to see Sherlock and Dillon again .
 Fast paced and a bit far fetched , but still fun to read . This tale of four government agents tracking down a missing person and a possible drug operation in a close knit Oregon town . The villians in this summer soap opera are too one dementional and sterotype . But what the heck ! Enjoy the ride ! The plot moves along at a quick predicable pace . The ending is a bit abrupt and unsatisfying .
 I was quite skeptical when I realized the book was written in the first person . Usually that spells bad news for the romance in a book , but since Catherine Coulter is the author I decided to give it a try . I am soooo glad I did . I very much enjoyed reading a book from the male point of view . The romance and suspense was well done and the characters interesting and believable . I liked Savich and Sherlock coming to the aid of a friend and adding elements from earlier novels . This book is definitely a keeper .
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book . Catherine is an excellent writer of mysteries . Right up my alley . I love this style of journalism
 As usual I had to read to the finish . Great books . Anyone who enjoys mysteries will also enjoy any of Catherine Coulter 's books .
 Excellent story line . Edgy and intriguing . You do not have to have read the previous books in the series to enjoy these books .
 Another great book . . I just love Catherine Coulter . . She is a Excellent writer . and she keeps you not wanting to stop reading . . I have read more books this last year then any other time . .
 excellent story , just maybe a little too much sex . i like a little , but this was a little too much for me .
 This book was great . Love Catherine Coulter . I could n't put the book down . It kept me on the edge of my set .
 Outside of the Twilight series , the next best thing is Catherine Coulter 's FBI series books . `` The Edge '' keeps you in suspense , and I thoroughly enjoy Coulter 's two main characters Dillon Savich and Lacey Sherlock minorly woven throughout the books to keep the continuity flowing . If you want an entertaining book , I would recommend `` The Edge '' . However , if you want to start from the beginning of the FBI series using the year of release , I would recommend that too . The reader wo n't be disappointed .
 Another great read in this series ... Coulter does n't disappoint . Sherlock and Savich at their best . Looking forward to the next chapter .
 Just another great book by Catherine in her wonderful FBI series , I have them all and her newest one on order . Thanks to Catherine for the hours of enjoyment
 I just recently started reading Catherine Coulter books and she is a fantastic as a mystery writer . I 've now read 6 of her books in the last month . Looking forward to getting my next one .
 I enjoyed this book tremendously.Am hooked on thrillers laced with good old romance.Sorry to say I have missed her previous book -LRB- The Target -RRB- and must get my hot little paws on a copy . I finished this book in two nights and finally had to put it down because my eyes were slowly closing . . Keep up this type of romance/thriller . Just loved it Carla Silver Toronto , Ontario Canada
 It 's Good!I am a very critical reader . I have gone through more authors than I can remember . I was looking for a new series and a new author , and accidentally came across Catherine Coulter . I almost did n't order The Edge because the majority of the reviews were not very good . I really like the Sherlock/Savich team so I took a chance . I can recommend this book ; it took me on an unexpected adventure .
 This was a good book and kept me on the EDGE of my chair as it was fast paced . Not my most favorite in the FBI series but I do like it .
 I truly enjoyed reading The Edge ! I could n't put the book down , it was that thrilling . A must read !
 I was a little wary of this book when I first picked it up and noticed that it was written in first person from Mac 's point of view . However , once I got into it , I really enjoyed the change in style . The story is told in a way that keeps your pages turning and your mind hummming . Mac is a great character and being inside his head through everything was entertaining and amusing , as well as believable because his reactions and thoughts were very human.The suspense , the romance , and the fun that I have enjoyed in Coulter books in the past were all present in THE EDGE . Savich and Sherlock 's part in this mystery also reminded me how much I loved THE MAZE . All in all , Coulter 's done it again !
 Ford `` Mac '' MacDougal is a FBI agent . Somehow , possibly ESP , he was with his sister when she went over a cliff in Oregon in her car . Mac had just recovered from a terrorist car bombing . Given leave , he went to Portland to care for his sister , Jilly , who was in a coma . When she finally came out of it , he had only a few hours with her before she disappeared directly from the hospital . No one saw her leave and no one knows if she went willingly or not . Jilly was a scientist . She and her husband , Paul , had been working on a new type of drug . The more Mac learned , the more worried he became.When an old man is killed to keep a secret , and someone is out using Mac and his partner for target practice , Mac calls for help . Fans get to see Dillon and Sherlock , the main couple from `` The Target '' , back in action ! They team up to find Jilly and beat the bad guys who are after the drug ! *** Catherine Coulter dazzled readers with `` The Cove '' , `` The Maze '' , and `` The Target '' . Now she continues in `` The Edge '' ! This one begins in a male view point , which seems different for this author . However , I am happy to be able to say that this new release is great and will go on my `` Keepers '' shelf next to the others ! I recommend this to those who love thrillers , fiction , and/or modern contemporary ! ***
 First off , this was not her best . I 'm not a fan of first person , but my love of C.C. 's books kept me going . It took a while to get into , and it had no apparent heroine for a long while -LRB- something I do not like -RRB- . But once it got going , I loved it . first person was different , but not bad . I would have prefered third , but I ca n't have everything I want . Overall , a good read once you got into the story .
 Love Catherine Coulter 's FBI thrillers ! This one was not as exciting as some of the others , but still good .
 I received the book in excellent condition . The ship time was shorter than advertised . Very pleased with both the condition of the book and the seller .
 Loved this book just like all the other books by Catherine Coulter . There are so many twists and turns you ca n't possiby figure out the ending until she wants you to .
 I just finished `` The Edge '' , the 4th in the FBI Series . I liked it okay -LRB- if Savich and Sherlock are included , then it 's worth the read -RRB- . However , some of it was a bit unbelieveable and seemed like the ending left lots of questions . I got impatient with the 4 agents lost in the Jungle and finally skimmed to the point they wandered out of there but then things seemed to just tie up quickly and not what I was expecting . I did n't dislike it but just was n't my favorite of the series do far . `` The Maze '' was my favorite and the rest have n't measured up to that so far .
 This was my favorite Catherine Coulter book ! I will not retell the story because I do not like it when people tell me more than I want to know . However , the characters were vivid and the first person naration made me feel as if I were along for the ride . Not only do I completely disagree with the many poor reviews , but I believe some people put in their opinion several times .
 I really enjoyed reading the book , but ****** PLOT SPOILER ***** Jay took the whole story from the Maltese Falcon , right down to having him rough up the henchman !!! I mean , is this legal ? This is one of the most famous movies there is . The only difference was in the interaction of him and Billie . It was as if Sam Spade was set in the future doing the Maltese Falcon all over again . Is this even allowed ? Its a total ripoff of the most famous P.I. story there is !! Hopefully he got permission . Still entertaining , but troubling .
 Private investigator Jack Stein has set up shop in the town of Yorkstone . It 's a town on the move , literally -LRB- it really is a moving town -RRB- , and it 's a programmable town . For instance , one change the furniture in a room just by telling your computer . Jack 's appointment book is empty , until Bridget Farrell walks into Jack 's office . She is a very beautiful woman who knows how to use her beauty . She asks Jack 's help in finding a metallic tablet inscribed with ornate symbols.Farrell had a colleague/competitor in the field of obtaining rare objects , a man named Talbot . Unfortunately , he got too close to the business end of an energy weapon , and is now very dead . The Yorkstone police are now very interested . A rich industrialist named Landeman is also interested in the tablet.Jack is a psychic investigator ; he works from hunches or `` feelings '' gained from objects , other people or dreams . He meets Talbot in his dreams and is told to go to a planet called Mandala . A major archaeological dig is underway , uncovering what was a major city . In his dreams , Jack sees the city as it was a millennia ago . But he is no closer to discovering the answers to his growing list of questions.Back in Yorkstone , Billie , Jack 's teenage `` ward '' and an expert information finder , learns that the object is made of a metal unknown to science , and probably came from Mandala . It could be an object of great power , or the key to some advanced civilization . Jack begins to piece it all together ; a potentially `` huge '' object like this would be worth a lot of money to some people.This works really well as a mystery story and a science fiction story . It 's just weird enough , and it also has echoes of famous tales like The Maltese Falcon . Either way , it 's worth reading .
 I really like this book , plot was a bit lazy , but the writing style was good . Good character interaction , very good emoting of the central characters . The only thing was that even though he 's suppose to be solving things on an unconscious , intuitive level , it does make it seem as if this PI does n't really solve things so much as been given strategically placed plot movers to make the story progress . Still , this book is more about the journey rather than the end trip . Entertaining just to read and go with it . Like it much better than his 2nd novel in this series .
 In the distant future , humanity lives in domed areas the size of cities that are bioorganic , self-perpetuating structures . The rich live in the newest areas and the not so wealthy reside in the old section that will disintegrate in a decade or so . Jack Stein , a former black ops agent , works as a physic detective , a person with the gift of psychometry and the ability to find clues in his dreams.Outreach Industries , a very powerful and wealthy corporation , hires Jack to learn what happened to the miners on Daril III who disappeared without a trace . A lover of one of the lost miner 's works in the home office of Outreach . He gives Jack the missing Miner 's hand held computer . It is password protected so he goes to someone who can crack the code . When he returns , the person is dead , the eleven-year-old child who was staying there goes home with Jack and the police pay him a visit . There is obviously more going on than some missing miners and the conspiracy of silence coaxes Jack to keep tying to solve the case.Fans of futuristic crime thrillers like J.D. Robb 's Death series will definitely enjoy WYRMHOLE . The protagonist is a complex man who wears blinders until he is forced to take them off and see the world as it really is -LRB- sort of like the Matrix but more mental than physical illusion -RRB- . Once he does that , the audience sees his inner strength and moral compass emerge and appreciate the man he has become . Science fiction fans and readers who like private investigator talesm , especially those who appreciate a strong convergence , will enjoy this futuristic urban noir.Harriet Klausner
 A bewitching read . In WYRMHOLE , Caselberg presents the reader with a human god figure , Van der Stegen , who builds a utopian city , The Locality . He bequeaths to the inhabitants of this city a controlled , fake environment , much like a computerized biosphere . Ceiling panels provide pseudo skies , moon , sun , stars , clouds and rain . The hero , Jack Stein , psychic investigator -LRB- PI -RRB- , lives in the Locality . Van der S has also discovered how to transport matter through wormhole gates . His beautiful daughter , however , is trying to squeeze him out . All good stuff except the reader must spend the entire novel inside the head of PI Jack . That can be a bit of a chore.One of the characters , an almost twelve year old girl , Billie , a super hacker , is more mature than any of the adults , and , thus , stretches one 's credibility . But as screwed up as the adults are , perhaps she can be viewed as a breath of fresh air.The ambiance is one of film noir , complete with a fake Hollywood set , PI Jack , who begins the story as a wimpy character , having lost hold of his old , violent , military training , is twice beaten to a pulp . Later , amazingly , his skills return and he can kill his opponents with a single blow . PI Jack is concurrently hired by three different parties in this convoluted story . But PI Jack 's brilliant resolution of this case not only satisfies two of his three bosses but also allows him to free himself , and Billie , from the `` mindless , patterned consumption '' of the Locality & Ntilde ; & Ntilde ; from the confines of his own tortured soul . Naturally , PI Jack will become everyman 's good guy .
 What struck me first about Wen Spencer 's _ Alien Taste _ was a sense of familiarity . Set in Pittsburgh , protagonist Ukiah Oregon is a private investigator who lives in a world as close as tomorrow , as familiar as your home town . I 've lived in Pittsburgh , and Spencer has captured the feel as well as the geography of the city . This familiarity makes the insidious journey into strangeness that much more believable . There are strange forces at work in this book , for good and bad . Ukiah is one of a number of complex , fascinating characters caught up in things they do n't , at first , comprehend . He and his partner , his family , and a well-realized love interest are struggling to put together a puzzle with ever increasing stakes . This book is adventure , character development , mystery and near-future science fiction in one . The pacing is fast and even , the characters real , the prose beautiful but never intrusive . The climax is shocking , and the ending ... well , let 's say it lives up to the rest of the book . If you liked the movie Aliens , like mysteries , or enjoy science fiction , you should love this book .
 This is one of the better escapist fiction novels I 've read in awhile . The characters have good development . The plot is complicated but moves well . The X-file elements are well done and different enough to provide continued interest . I 've read all of the books in the series and would say that they were well worth the time to read . I doubt I 'd ever reread these books but I would pick up a new novel with the same characters.I started this series because I discovered the author through his Tinker series . I prefer the Tinker series because the universe there is n't quite as dark as that portrayed in this series .
 This was the first book by this author that I have read and I have read a lot of scifi/fantasy . On the whole I enjoyed the book ; I liked the charactors and the relationships between them.It 's a little confusing at the beginning , because Ukiah has n't figured out what is going on and why he is so different ; so you learn as he does . If you do n't like scifi/fantasy this is n't for you . If you do , you may like this one ; I did .
 I really enjoyed this novel , and like other readers , it inspired me to get two of the other two books in the series . The characters are sympathetic , and the book is well-paced . If you like scifi and werewolf stories and mysteries , you 'll probably like this .
 This is one of those rare finds that you demolish in two days , keeping it strapped to your body so you can return to it whenever you have a five-minute break . Crisply written , events unfold at a good pace -LRB- clipping along , but at the same time , not too fast -RRB- , the characters are interesting , what happens is believable and fascinating , and just when you think you have it figured out , something twists . Loved it !!!
 When I picked this book up I will admit to having been hooked by the cover , and the back blurb on content ... but when I began to read this wonderfully unusual book ... I fell in love with the character Ukiah and his mentor Max . The plot keeps you glued to the pages ... the supporting characters are fantastic ... I would love to see this become a series ... and look forward to more from Wen Spencer . I recommend this book to all who love a mix of science fiction , fantasy and suspense .
 I have to say that this is one of the better books I have read this month . -LRB- I average 20 books per month -RRB- The characters were entertaining , as well as breaking from stereotypical roles . Ukiah , the main character , is well written , and the details of his talents are very well written . If you like suspense , as well as atypical heroes and heroines , this is one of my suggestions . The concept of the Pack and the Ontongard is very entertaining , as well as being a refreshing take on the traditional invasion motif . I do n't want to say more , to avoid spoiling the book , but I wholeheartedly suggest this as a good book . I picked it up originally because of the cover art and the wolf theme , and I did n't put it down til I was finished.I look forward to seeing other works by this offer . -LRB-
 Alien Taste is one of the better science fiction I have read in the last two years . The story has depth . It has an appealing protagonist , a riveting plot and a colourful supporting cast . I am glad there are more to come . I wanted to give 5 stars but I am just irked by the writing style which has much to be desired . I hope Spencer would strive to improve her English . I am not asking for classic literature standard but the flow of words could be much better . Will definitely follow the series .
 I picked up both books in the series . This is a great new twist on the old werewolf stories . I am looking forward to the next book in the series .
 Fantastic !!! It is always nice to find an new writer who can write a story that seems to flow off the pages . Wen Spencer is one of these people.Alien Taste has everything needed to keep your attention riveted to the story . A great story line , wonderful characters and fantastic action.This is a KEEPER.Don ' t miss the sequel .
 I 've read and re-read Alien Taste several times now and still find myself noticing things that I had n't in the past . The story line is a different twist on the `` alien invasion '' theme and will grab your attention quite quickly.The characters in the book , Ukiah , Max and the others are believably written and very well developed , which can be unusual in books of this kind . The action and suspense will keep you on the edge of your seat , and -LRB- for many -RRB- will have the hair on the back of your neck standing straight up ! Definitely well worth reading , and a series well worth buying.Enjoy !
 Food and fiction have a lot in common
 As a writer myself , I am quite impressed with Alien Taste . Especially as a first novel . Spencer has the gift of storytelling , and transcends the genre boxes that publishers try so hard to seal readers into . The characters pop off the page -LRB- which is a rare thing in adventure/thriller-type fiction -RRB- , and I will remember them clearly when the denizens of books read afterward have long faded . The situations stand out , and they , too , will stick in my memory . Most notable , from a technical standpoint , is that though there is an amazing amount of sheer weirdness in this book , Spencer manages to introduce it seamlessly ; in such a way that one goes `` Okay , I 'll buy that for now '' through every twist and turn . Most importantly , this book is a page-turner . I will not be surprised to see Wen Spencer becoming one of the standard names in beach book reading in coming years -LRB- not to mention TV or movie fodder -RRB- . There is a real spark here .
 Ukiah Oregon is a mystery . His past is a blank and even his name is not really his own . It was given to him by his foster mothers , who discovered him in the wild , being raised by a pack of wolves . Perhaps as a result of his unusual upbringing , his senses are more acute than those of most people and his sensory memory is phenomenal . He works for a private investigation agency that specializes in missing persons , and he has gained a reputation as an extraordinary tracker.One case turns deadly when Ukiah and his partner , Max , are called to a murder scene - 3 female house-mates have been killed and the fourth , a respected scientist , is missing . The police believe that the killer has her , and want Ukiah and Max to track them down . At the end of the night , the woman is dead and Ukiah is badly wounded.This is just the beginning of this fascinating story , because on that night , Ukiah discovers a thread that may lead him to his past , to who he really is . As he explores this road , he discovers things about himself that he never would have imagined , and his perspective on life is changed forever . The author has given a classic fantasy myth with a clever sci-fi twist and this reader looks forward to seeing how the series progresses.If there is one jarring note , it is that a secondary character figures out and accepts Ukiah 's secret with extraordinary suspension of disbelief . SPOILER -- despite all the sci-fi shows on TV about vampires , aliens and other supernatural beings , very few people actually believe that such things actually exist on Earth . It is much easier to believe that another person has very strange abilities , than to jump to the conclusion that they are n't human at all .
 This is the kind of book you would love to nominate for an award . When I bought the book and read the back cover I still was n't certain what the book was about , but since I have very eclectic tastes I deceided to try it . This has something to appeal to everyone ; mystery , sci-fi , romance , action , drama , etc. . It is so cleverly written that every time you think you 've figured it out it takes another seamless yet startling twist . One of the other reviewers here -LRB- Charles W. Schultz -RRB- delivered an admirable synopsis without giving away any of the wonderful surprises . When I finished the book I felt like a chapter in my own life had ended . How can you top something that good ? I told my Husband -LRB- a strictly ` technical manual & magazine ' reader -RRB- that I just finished one of the most wonderful books I 've ever read -LRB- I average 4-5 books per week -RRB- and he asked me to tell him about it . That was a shock ! But he said I sounded so excited yet looked so sad that he was really curious about this one . I told him the whole story ; and in case you 're wondering the only reason I looked sad was because I was genuinely sorry that the book had to end . This is the book you 'll read over & over again and refuse to ` loan ' to your friends . Tell them to go out and buy their own copy - they 'll want to keep it too !
 Ukiah Oregon has a photographic memory , but he can remember nothing of his childhood . He was raised by wolves in Ukiah , Oregon and found by a biology student who adopted and raised him . He has no idea how old he is , who his parents were - nothing . His moms -LRB- he has two mothers , no father -RRB- try to find out about his past by hiring a private investigator , but Max Bennett can find nothing . However , as Max learns more about Ukiah , he discovers that Ukiah 's specialty is finding people/things so he offers him a job , and eventually makes Ukiah his partner . When three women are found dead and the fourth presumed kidnapped , Ukiah and Max are called in to find her . Using his heightened senses , Ukiah finds the fourth woman ... and a clue to his past . The dead women leads Ukiah to The Pack , a dangerous motorcycle gang . Ukiah knows that they have information about his past , but are they willing to share it ? -LRB- This is purposely a vague summary of the book because to give any more information would ruin the surprises and the storyline . -RRB- I thoroughly enjoyed this book . The story was a fresh twist on the whole alien invasion and `` Wolf Boy '' stories . Wen Spencer has created finely crafted characters that the reader truly feels for . Yes , Ukiah has all of these special abilities , but that does n't mean that he does n't need help , that he does n't get scared , that he does n't wonder why he is different . Max , Ukiah 's partner , is a suffering widower who becomes a kind of father to Ukiah and watches out for him . Indigo is a tough FBI Agent -LRB- the Pack calls her the Lady of Steel -RRB- , but she has a soft spot for Ukiah and finds herself falling in love with him . Ukiah 's family was also delightful - his two moms and his sister , Cassie added nice touches of `` normality '' -LRB- such as it is for this book -RRB- to the story.This book is set 2 years in the future -LRB- 2004 -RRB- , but everything is recognizable . People have a few more electronic toys than we have now and we have successfully sent a machine to Mars , but Spencer does n't really put anything in that could n't be done in the foreseeable future.Wen Spencer has a very nice writing style -LRB- and a good editor - no typos -RRB- and the plot was well-paced . In short , this book is full of action and mystery and well worth your time !
 I 'm not a big Science Fiction reader , but I 've read the four books in this series and found them quite enjoyable . There were a few glitches that did not bode well with reality , but I shrugged it off . After all , if I wanted to read a true to life book , I would have chosen a realistic fiction.The main character is very likable . His sometimes childlike innocense mixed with deep wisdom -LRB- from where , not even he knows -RRB- makes you want to love him .
 This novel is a lot of fun . It starts as a sort of offbeat mystery with great characters , good action and nicely styled plot twists . Then it takes a zing off the beaten path and turns into science fiction teritory . through it all the characters remain true and well defined , the story keeps moving and the action even gets better . There 's probably two full novels in here but this one works great for introducing the leads , framing the setting -LRB- Pittsburgh area -RRB- and setting the premise . A very good read for a first or even a fifth novel . I look forward to the next by this author .
 Speed ... . High Speed . That 's the way to describe this novell . You follow an `` former '' wolf-boy , with special ablities . You get no rest when you start to read this book . Even in the end of the novell , when it gets very SF , you want to know how it ends.I liked this story very much.The only downfall is the small size of the novell . 200 pages more would have been nice.Anyway , a must-read .
 Alien Taste -LRB- 2001 -RRB- is the first SF novel in the Ukiah Oregon series . It is set mostly in Pittsburgh , PA , within the current timeframe.In this novel , Ukiah Oregon is an adolescent male who had been running with the wolves for many seasons . During a bad winter at Umatilla National Park , the wolves were starving and the wolf boy was avoiding his pack . He found a trap with a dead rabbit for bait and decided to let himself be caught . He could always escape later.Mama Jo was a graduate student studying wolf behavior . When she found a feral human in her trap , she took him home to Pittsburgh . She named him after the Oregon town nearest the trap . She taught him biology and zoology.Mama Lara was a graduate student in astronomy . She and Mama Jo had wanted a child , so they raised Ukiah . She taught Ukiah astronomy . Later Mama Lara gave birth to his foster sister Cally.Maxwell Bennett is a private detective . Before his wife 's death in an accident , Max had been a successful software magnate . Then he was hired to discover Ukiah 's origins . Although failing that task , Max grew to like the boy and occasionally hired him as a tracker . Now they are partners in the private investigator business.Kraynak is a detective in the Pittsburgh Police Department . He and Max were military policemen in the same unit during the Gulf war . Since they were both from Pittsburgh , the friendship continued after the war.In this story , Kraynak has arranged a contract for Ukiah to track a missing woman in a murder case . Three women are dead within the house from what looks like sword wounds . The missing woman had fled through the back door.Ukiah follows tracks and blood traces through the heavily wooded area . He finds a cop dead from sword wounds among the tree and realizes that the missing woman was the killer . Then he finds the fugitive and is attacked by her . He gets off two shots with his pistol before falling unconscious.When Ukiah comes to , he sees the woman 's body lying before him . He also hears a man and a woman having a strange conversation nearby . Then he finds a mouse in his blood and slips it into his shirt pocket.Ukiah is found by Kraynak , following directions from Max tracking the tracer in his gear . The EMS crew takes Ukiah to the hospital . The Emergency doctor tells him that he was lucky to get only a few cuts . Soon Ukiah is allowed to go home to his foster mothers and Cally.This tale presents a young man with an eidetic memory and an uncanny ability to read DNA traces . He also heals quickly from very serious wounds without any scars . His friends and family do n't understand his abilities , but just accept them without undue questions.Then Ukiah finds relatives in a motorcycle gang . The next installment isTainted Trail . Read and enjoy!Highly recommended for Spencer fans and for anyone else who enjoys tales of strange talents , wolf psychology , and confused young men.-Arthur W. Jordin
 Take your basic `` boy raised by wolves '' and `` father was an alien '' stories , combine them , and you get a very enjoyable book . Lot of action . Memorable characters .
 A wonderful book that explores the nature of what makes us human without getting preachy about it . Fast paced , with appealing characters and a smooth , crisp writing style . Highly recommended !
 One of the most inventive , refreshing books I have read in a long time . I highly recommend the whole series !
 A unique and interesting concept . The characters are likable and warm -- most importantly believable .
 Actually I already have this book in hard copy and bought it to read again on my Kindle , it 's a warm , interesting story that is rather unique . It 's a keeper !
 Someone recommended this book to me ages ago , and it 's languished on my TBR pile because I could never get past the title . Even now , knowing what goes on in the book , I hate it . It really does the book no favors because the mystery of Ukiah 's heritage which is supposed to carry the first two-thirds of the book becomes not a mystery at all . It becomes a waiting game for Ukiah to catch up to the reader , which lessened my connection to him during that time . I also got drastically slowed down by the florid writing and exposition dumps in the first few chapters . Seriously , I almost put it down . I 'm glad I did n't . About a third of the way into the story , the writing smoothed out into something more readable for me , and the story itself started getting more engaging.There are never really any surprises in this as most developments get telegraphed in advance , but the characters and the depth of feeling between them helps to compensate for that . I liked the relationship between Ukiah and his partner Max best ; Max filled a much needed role in the young man 's life . Though I liked the character of Agent Indigo Zheng , I did n't really believe the instant love that happened between her and Ukiah . Still , it was nice to see a strong woman who was n't a bitch . I 'll be picking up the second book in the series . In the end , it 's worth it to hang around these characters more .
 Once I started reading I could n't put it down . This is a series that pulls you in and engages you with the characters and plot . Very well thought out . I hope Spencer continues with this character , I 'm impatient for more of Ukiah 's adventures .
 I 've just finished the series of four Ukiah Oregon novels - twice ! READ THEM IN ORDER !!! Detective stories are n't usually a reread for me , especially right away , but I 've reread these before they are due back at the library , and I think I 'll buy my own copies sometime in the near future . I 've loved her other works , and now I think I 'll make her an autobuy . Wen Spencer is a good author who does n't find one successful universe and stick there , rewriting the same type of story over and over -LRB- see Tinker -RRB- , but I 'll definitely read more about Ukiah!I do n't `` do '' literary analysis , but I did n't find the writing style bad , as some have . It must be a matter of taste . I also wo n't review the plot , as has already been done.The mystery of discovering who he is drew me in despite the gruesomeness of some of the scenes . The relationships were good . I like characters who I can respect and who are , at the same time , not perfect . I like the slow character maturation.Warning , the third novel in the series has some `` off-camera '' violence against very young children.This is definitely worth a try , and I think you 'll be sucked in as I have been by this excellent and inventive writer .
 This 1st novel is quite unique and well written for this first-time writer . This new twist in sci-fi horror is a fast-paced thrill ride . The plot unfolds slowly and there are quite a few characters that shine and are delved deeply in.Ukiah Oregon is found as a wild boy with a pack of wolves . He soon finds out that The Pack he really belongs to is a wild biker gang that is much more than it seems . Ukiah is then thrown into finding his lost heritage and along the way he finds much more . The only reason I gave it 3 stars is only because I thought that everybody around him just seemed to believe about his alien past a little too quickly and easily . I really wanted to give this novel a higher rating but there were some small weak points that I thought needed more addressing in this story , but since then , I found that there is a sequel , so there is much more to go . Enjoy this one folks !
 `` Ukiah Oregon is n't your average man . He 's not even your average human . . '' reads the quote on the back of the book , and this is not your average SciFi read!Wen Spencer 's debut novel is a thought provoking , twisting , page-turner with fully developed characters , family ties of assorted sorts , friendship , duty , and desire all expertly woven together in a tale that moves rapidly -LRB- the whole book covers 10 days -RRB- and leaves the reader fully satisfied and begging for more!The Pittsburgh location is great ... I 'm familiar with the city so it gave the novel even more of a reality punch for me -LRB- especially the traffic ! -RRB- . An excellent debut novel with hopefully the possibility of sequels ?!? I liked Ukiah and Max and would n't mind another howl with the pack !
 Wen 's first book has believable characters with depth and complexity that make you want to know more about them . While a lot is revealed in this book , I think there is more and am anxious to read the next installment!Definitely a page-turner with mystery , suspense , sci-fi , conspiracy and plenty of plausible plot twists .
 I picked up my roommate 's copy and stayed up far too late to finish this book . Spencer does a marvelous job of combining the weird with the mundane so everything is believeable . Ukiah Oregon , despite his non-human roots , is remarkably identifiable and likeable as our hero . His discovery into his extraterrestial origins goes beyond the stereotype into something remarkably fresh and interesting . And he 's sexy and adventurous , which does n't hurt either.Even more than having a remarkable hero , Spencer has managed to craft an interesting supporting cast to run along side Ukiah . I can see where Max and he have a deep friendship that would transcend even Ukiah 's personal challenges . The story itself has just enough bite of mystery and intrigue that kept me firmly glued to the book until I finished it.I should probably thank Wen for adding `` I 've lost a mouse somewhere '' to my vocabulary among my friends .
 I started these out of order , which is always confusing and a little frustrating . But I 'm really looking forward to reading the rest of the series . Julian is an engaging character and I ca n't wait to get to know him and his friends -LRB- and enemies -RRB- better .
 A Sci-Fi fan 's dream book ! Look for this book to be made into a movie on the sci-fi channel.Very awsome futuristic science fiction !
 Wen Spencer gives each character such life ! You feel as though you have met each one as they are introduced . Even minor charaters , like the bike mechanic , live and breath instead of being simple cardboard cut outs or stereotypes . I spent two nights of almost no sleep , 11/2 hours or so , reading this one.The action is none stop , the plot twists unexpected , and the love between the characters perfectly understood . Bravo !
 I was so very happy to see the author , Wen Spencer 's comment that he is planning a sequel to Alien Taste next year . This is one of the best books I have read in a long time . It kept me interested from the very first page with wonderfully developed characters and the most unusual yet fascinating storyline . I would love to see this story developed into a screen play ! I will be eagerly watching and waiting for other books by this talented author .
 It seems so hard to find a truly original idea now a days . Luckily Wen Spencer found one ! ALIEN TASTE is truly original . At first glance one might think it 's just a story about a wolf boy but it goes way beyond that . Way beyond . The characters are interesting and well written . Much like Ukiah 's missing memories that return , the underlying storyline creeps up at you slowly , giving you mere hints of what is truly happening . The ending will surprise you , the characters will draw you in , the book will end too soon .
 Set in the Pittsburgh , Pa area in the near future , this book is the story of the foundling , Ukiah Oregon . He was found caught in a humane wolf trap , appearing to be a young child , naked and gnawing on a rabbit . The woman who found him desparately wanted a child , and took him home to Pennsylvania with her.Time has passed and Ukiah is now assumed to be 21 and is the partner of Max , a private investigator with a sad past of his own . Ukiah is an extraordinary tracker and has made a name for himself by finding missing persons . So the police call him in on a mysterious murder that turns out to be much more than it seems.I do n't want to give away any of the twists and turns of this fascinating book , but I will at least tell you that Ukiah finds out that his past is much more strange than he ever thought.Great characters , interesting and well-fleshed out . His father-figure , Max ; the mysterious biker gang , Ukiah 's two Moms , and Ukiah 's girl , tough-talking FBI agent Indigo Zheng -- they are all just wonderful . And there is a conspiracy that any X-Files fan will love .
 Alien Taste nicely combined tight writing form with an excellent story . There is mystery and adventure with each piece fitting slowly into place revealing a complex design . The main character is likeable although slightly on the too sweet side but not over the edge . The supporting cast is well developed although the romance is hastily drawn . The book draws you through and keeps you hooked until the last page . I am looking forward to any possible sequel .
 The best review I can give this book is to say I will read it again . Any book worth reading again will be a classic . I would like to see more of this authors work .
 I really enjoyed this book . All the characters were wonderful and well written . I think the book has the potential for a series so I hope the author writes more .
 The premise of this book sounded cheesy to me , but one of my friends bought it anyway and insisted that I read it . I 'm so glad he did ! The prose is beautiful , and the plot kept me hooked so that I read it in a few hours . I 've read a lot of new SF authors in the last several years , but Wen Spencer beats them all . I 'm so glad to have discovered her early on !
 Every time you think you know what is happening in this novel , it changes . It 's rare to have a book surprise me with its twists and Alien Taste remains a surprise throughout . In a novel of this length , you do n't normally expect to find as many details as Spencer has written , or as much characterization . This is well-written , intricately detailed , and despite one or two `` speed moments '' -LRB- the romance did feel a bit rushed -RRB- , it is well worth the read .
 Set in the Pittsburgh , Pa area in the near future , this book is the story of the foundling , Ukiah Oregon . He was found caught in a humane wolf trap , appearing to be a young child , naked and gnawing on a rabbit . The woman who found him desparately wanted a child , and took him home to Pennsylvania with her.Time has passed and Ukiah is now assumed to be 21 and is the partner of Max , a private investigator with a sad past of his own . Ukiah is an extraordinary tracker and has made a name for himself by finding missing persons . So the police call him in on a mysterious murder that turns out to be much more than it seems.I do n't want to give away any of the twists and turns of this fascinating book , but I will at least tell you that Ukiah finds out that his past is much more strange than he ever thought.Great characters , interesting and well-fleshed out . His father-figure , Max ; the mysterious biker gang , Ukiah 's two Moms , and Ukiah 's girl , tough-talking FBI agent Indigo Zheng -- they are all just wonderful . And there is a conspiracy that any X-Files fan will love .
 I will admit , I picked this book up because the main character is named after a tiny town in my home State . I laughed out loud . People stared . I could not believe that an author had chosen such a name , but then ... I read the backs of the first three books and they screamed READ me !! The premise is crazy and some times you have to slow down to let it all sink in . I think Wen Spencer is coo-koo , but in a good way . The imagination is a wonderful thing and you can make a story anything you want it to be if you can make it believable.Ms . Spencer has made Ukiah , his past and his abilities likable and lovable . Ukiah is a private investigator/tracker and with Max his partner/friend/mentor / father figure and his extended family the Pack you are in for a wild ride and a stretch for what you thought was possible . Spencer weaves a tight story , great characters and infinate imagination into every page.All I can say is , if you are reading this review , buy the books , you wo n't regret it .
 This was a wonderful , thoroughly enjoyable book . Ukiah Oregon was abandoned as a child and raised by a pack of wolves . Discovered and adopted by humans at the approximate age of 12 , he has grown to be a part of human life . He now works as a tracker for a private investigator , a finder of lost children . But he still has no idea of his true parentage , no idea who they were or why they abandoned him.The novel opens with his latest case -- a missing woman who attacks Ukiah when he finds her , forcing him to kill her in self-defense . This brings him to the attention of both the FBI and a group known as the Pack , a biker gang that is more than they seem . And , from this point on , things get * really * weird.I loved this book . It was great fun to read ; it kept me glued to the edge of my seat , always wanting to know what happens next . The characters , especially Ukiah and Max , were well-drawn , complex , three-dimensional human beings ; the villains were scary and evil without being cartoonish . I cared about these caracters ; I really wanted the heros to win and the bad guys to be defeated . I was swept up in their lives . The plot was complex and fascinating ; it kept me guessing . I do n't want to give anything away , so I wo n't tell you how it turns out , but I will say this
 Ukiah Oregon is young -- but is by far the best tracker in the business . Part of the Bennet Detective agency , Ukiah is unequaled in following the missing and the lost.When Ukiah is asked to trace a possibly kidnapped woman , he stumbles upon a dangerous group of people . People who can see in the dark , smell blood on the wind , and hear through walls . People who seem to recognize Ukiah , and want to kill him.The plot starts and continues quickly in this entertaining novel . The main characters are all engaging , and as things get more ominous , there are elements of humor , romance and poignancy to break up the tension . The premise is solid , but the main attraction of the book are the characters and their interaction . While the book is complete in itself , one looks with anticipation towards future adventure of Ukiah and his friends ...
 No one really knows how old allegedly twenty-one years old Ukiah Oregon is . He was found caught in a wolf trap when he was approximately twelve . The woman who captured Ukiah took him to Pittsburgh so she and her female mate Lara could have a child since the courts ignored adoption efforts by a same sex couple.Now Ukiah works with private detective Max Bennett . Ukiah is a world-class tracker who can find a trail with the faintest of clues . There are other oddities about Ukiah . His olfactory , taste , and hearing senses are much more acute than the average person 's and he can read DNA with another unknown sense . He has suffered strange memory losses that only sometimes he regains . On one of his cases , Ukiah learns about The Pack , a loose coalition of bikers who take a sudden interest in him . When he finds out why , he also learns he is the key to saving the human race.ALIEN TASTE is an urban science fiction tale that takes place on earth in three years . However , new technological advances make the reader feel that Wen Spencer 's tale takes place much further into the future . The characters are fully developed and understandable and The Pack is likable in a feral sort of way . This novel is keeper shelf material and hopefully Mr. Spencer will return with more tales starring the Pack.Harriet Klausner
 I ca n't say enough good things about this book . The ultimate outsider is someone who thinks he is `` normal '' then discovers he is not . Much as all teenages do . Most kids grow out of it . What if you really were an alien in human form ? How would YOU handle it?This story is a `` coming of age '' story . Everyone wants the answers to , `` Where am I from ? Will my first love be worth the pain ? Are my friends really trustworthy ? Is my father worthy of respect ? '' Nothing new here , yet the story has so many twists that it takes your breath away.The kid in the story is a tracker for a detective agency . So far so good . Then it turns out he has photographic memory . Okay . I can handle that . He can has a sense of smell that allows him to classify by DNA . Ooooo ... boy , this is getting too weird . Then the woman he is tracking turns on him and he kills her . He wakes up in the hospital and reruns all the action and filters out all the gunk and centers in on two people who should not be there . Who are these people ? Then the body of the woman is carved up by the coroner , bagged and the bagged organs turn into ferrets and frighten the coroner to death and the ferrets EAT the coroner 's body.Ferrets ? Ferrets ? What the hell is going on here?Nothing is as it seems . Lots of blood . Lots of action . Some lyrical sex . Great mystery . Why are all these people fighting each other?On top of a great and different plot , the author has good prose style . Do n't look at me that way ! You know that most action books have nothing in the way of character development or background fill in . This book does .
 I was pleasantly surprised by how this book sucked me in and held my interest from start to finish . Ukiah Oregon is certainly a character that you develop a sympathetic bond with , and the depths of his `` alien-ness '' only make him more human in the end . I really liked the way his character developed , along with the friendship with his partner Max , and his family relationships . The relationship with Indigo Zheng , the female FBI agent , was not convincing , and somehow seemed gratuitous , but all told it is a great read .
 Alien Taste is a stunning debut novel - a fresh and original twist on a classic SF theme . From the very opening you find yourself drawn to these characters , especially to the narrator Ukiah Oregon , who is more than he seems and more than even he realizes.The author blends SF with mystery/action adventure , and throws in a dash of romance for good measure . Easily one of the best science fiction novels of 2001 . If you are looking for something out of the ordinary , with a unique author 's voice , then look no farther . You 'll be glad you read this book .
 What a fantastic story this is . There is something for anyone - mystery , sci fi , a good dollop of romance . It reminds me a bit of Jim Butcher 's series featuring wizard-private investigator Harry Dresden , although all it really shares is that Ukiah is also a PI with something ` extra ' . Ukiah Oregon has run with the wolves - literally being raised by them until his teens - and only a few short years ago was discovered by a woman who was to become his mother . He now is dedicated to his family , to his partner Max and their PI partnership . He 's a tracker , and a good one . More than that - there is no one who can match his tracking skills . After all , no one else can track identifying the DNA of the lost by touch alone , as Ukiah can . A serious case is referred to them . Ukiah and Max have to track a missing woman . Someone who it appears has gone completely mad , killing her friends / housemates and escaping into the woods . Ukiah identifies in her blood that she seems to have some kind of invasive virus . Using her blood he tracks her , finds her - and that 's when the weirdness starts.I enjoyed all the characters peopling the book , from Ukiah 's unusual family structure to the woman he picks to love . Here is a strong , masculine male that actually seems to enjoy showing people that he loves them . The plot is carefully paced as befuddlement turns into excitement builds on danger and culminates into mega risk , ultimately making me wonder what really is out there.The concept is unique and will grip you from the start . The opening concept of the book -LRB- a man raised by wolves -RRB- may not seem on the surface to be so different , but the treatment and development of the story definitely is . There are some interesting themes including what makes a family , and what it is to be human . I loved the gradual revelation of the meat of the story . Spencer resisted the opportunity to shock the reader with sudden revelations , and instead we learned with Ukiah . Unusually , most of the people Ukiah cares deeply about actually seem to deserve the depth of his feeling , being pretty great people in themselves which I liked it a lot - another resistance of ` pat ' writing from Spencer as there are no betrayals from within.This is a great book , that left me with a couple of questions , a couple of ` huh 's , and a great deal of satisfaction . I 'm looking forward to go on reading of Ukiah in ` Tainted Trail ' .
 The understated hero through who 's view we see , grows into a strong character with a central point that grows the world from what we know into a stand alone universe . An outstanding Sci-fi book I read more than once . You will wish even though it is novel length it were ten times as long .
 As the title says , I absolutely loved this series . Enough to push it on multiple friends -LRB- who likewise loved it -RRB- , and to have read it maybe four times in the three years I 've owned it . Ukiah is a fascinating character . From the outside , he seems like the ` strong , silent type ' , yet with a bit of a bad-boy vibe . Inside , he 's serious , dedicated , naive , and a bit confused . It makes a nice contrast between his ` looks ' and his ` self ' . His background , along with what he is and how he came to be , add plenty of twists and turns ... not to mention a crisis that has to be confronted . There is plenty going on here to hold the attention . -LRB- As a sidenote
 This is the third book that I have read by Wen Spencer and I just noticed that her real name is Wendy Kosak . Just a point of trivia but I did not know that Wen is short for Wendy.Very good book and a nice mix of fantasy and science fiction . In fact , some might call this book totally sci-fi . I 've always liked jungle boy books and this is an interesting variation on that theme . I have ordered the three follow-on books to complete the series . Sadly , all four of these books are out of print so I had to purchase used copies on Amazon .
 Ukiah Oregon really knows very little about himself . He was apparently about 12 when a wildlife biologist found him -- stark naked and unable to understand English -- in a humane wolf trap , gnawing on the bait . Naming him for the town near which the trap was located , she took him back to her farm outside Pittsburgh and managed to socialize and raise him . Now he 's about 20 and working as the partner of Max Bennett , a PI who specializes in missing persons . It 's a peculiarly congenial profession for Ukiah , who has unusually developed senses
 OK , I admit , I 've never read a Wen Spencer I did n't like , but even with high expectations , the Ukiah Oregon series is really outstanding . I 've actually had to buy this book four times now because I lend it and then never get it back because the lendees keep it . This is one of the most original series I 've read in the last decade . The characters are wonderful and full-bodied , the science is beyond cool , and the plot is fascinating . So buy your own copy . And then buy the other three books in the series , and once you 've realized that there are n't any more , write the publisher , write the author , and get down on your knees and beg for more .
 The first Science Fiction book that I read -LRB- among , it seems like , thousands now -RRB- was `` Have Space Suit , Will Travel '' by Robert Heinlein -LRB- in the fifties I believe -RRB- , and it was a joy to read . This book is too . The plot and characters are spun in such a matter-of-fact and believeable manner that this is a page-turner . Can not wait to get to the other three . Thanks Wen ... I appreciate it -LRB- them -RRB- .
 I got the recommendation for this book from Dallas Schulze , who , in addition to writing wonderful books , also has darn good taste.Ukiah Oregon was a boy raised by wolves . He 's an extraordinary tracker with a photographic memory -- of everything except his own past.Together with his partner and mentor , Max , he works as a private investigator , specializing in missing persons cases.As the story opens , they 're called to a crime scene where three women have been killed , and a fourth is missing , presumably abducted by the killer . Tracking her is the start of something much larger , and results in encounters with a mysterious and sinister motorcycle gang called the Pack , and revelations about Ukiah 's own history.A lot of the reviews about this book give away the punchline , which happens about halfway through the story . I 'm not going to do that , but as a result , I 'm leaving a lot out . It 's written in Ukiah 's POV , for the most part , and therefore , we readers know what Ukiah knows . Which is n't much , at first.The story is fascinating and clever , and the aliens -LRB- the title is Alien Taste -- there have to be aliens -RRB- were unique and well thought-out . And they tended to prompt me to think Deep Thoughts about what it means to be human , always a good thing , especially when it 's left up to me , the reader , rather than spoon-fed to me.Huge thanks to Dallas for the recommendation . I wish I 'd gotten to it sooner . The next book is in my e-reader .
 I have read this entire series and just cant get enough . Wen Spencer has to hit my to 10 sci-fi authors list with this series . An absolutely killer twist with character development on steroids . If you buy this book be ready to fork out for the rest of the series . Its like MM 's you just cant stop at one.I just want to know when the next book in this series comes out .
 This book is first of all a wonderful survey of peace studies , pedagogical studies and futures studies . The author brilliantly combines these three perspectives.His vision of the future , while idealistic , is not based on simplistic `` pop '' nominations of what the future will be like , rather , he takes a critical look at how children are given the future , and how the futures given to them directly and structurally create violence.Hutchinson offers ways out of the current flat view of the future . Borrowing from peace studies and educational theory , he gives strategies , exercises and models in which to create alternative futures . These models hope to transform the world at many levels
 The sequel to ` Alien Taste , ' this is the second `` Ukiah Oregon '' book.A bit of background for this science fiction / mystery crossbreed
 I have read both Alien Taste and Tainted Trail . I found both of them to be excellent books . Of the two , Tainted Trail is more skillfully written . Wen Spencer is -LRB- deservedly so -RRB- more confident and the end result is a compelling thriller with multiple and layered mysteries . She balances character development , romance , action , and the unique storyline deftly . My only caveat is that if you do as I did and chew through this one quickly , there is a long wait for her next
 I became quite attached to the characters in ALIEN TASTE . For that reason , I enjoyed TAINTED TRAIL even though it did not have as much impact as the first book . I kept wondering how much longer Ukiah and Max were going to run around in the wilderness searching for a missing girl before anything happened . Does anyone feel the same way ? I would still read more books about Ukiah Oregon .
 I first read the Ukiah Oregon series several years ago with great enjoyment and have added it to my Kindle list so I can revisit the stories . My only complaint is that there are -LRB- so far -RRB- only four books in the series . I want more !
 I ca n't tell you how many times I 've read each book in this series . But Tainted Trail is my favorite . I love the background you get on Ukiah 's early years .
 This is book 2 in one of my favorite series of all time . Wen Spencer created a very sympathetic hero in Ukiah , you understand what motivates him as well as the other characters in the story . This is a story where you will cheer for the alien . Although the book can be read as a stand alone , it is much better if you read `` Alien Taste '' first . Of course this will make you want to read the whole series -- but it 's worth it .
 I 'm really enjoying this series . The combination of aliens with shifters is intriguing , and the alien factions is a good twist . Nice mystery set up keeps you involved . Definitely will keep up with the series .
 A bit out there , I enjoy fantasy more then SF and the basis of this series is a bit difficult for me to believe , but the writer is so good , that I have read the entire series and found I could not put any of these books down ... A Great Read . . !
 Tainted Trail is the second Ukiah Oregon story after Alien Taste . It picks up not to long after the first one . I like the charactors in the book and the way they relate to each other . During the course of the book Ukiah learns more about his heritage and who he is . In order to enjoy this series you have to be able to suspend your disbelief . Not the best fantasy I have read , but I did like it .
 I enjoyed finally being able to finish all the offerings in this series ! Wen Spencer is one of my new favorite authors and I eagerly await her latest offering .
 Ukiah , Max , and Kraynak leave to rescue Alicia ; Kraynak 's niece and Max and Ukiah 's friend . Alicia was camping in the forest when she turned up missing . Thanks to Ukiah 's awesome tracking abilities -- he may be the only one to find her . After two days on the trail and after Ukiah being shot in the process , they determine she was kidnapped and turn to detecting mode to find her . Several days past with the team searching for clues as to what people Alicia encountered in the local town . Ukiah is dismayed to learn that Alicia had a secret crush on him and accidently actually uncovers Ukiah 's past after seeing a picture of him in a local museum . Now the team has to race against the clock to save Alicia , as well as Ukiah 's real family.I like this book , it keeps me interested and reading . I do n't like the science part of it , though , it was a bit far fetched for them to just so happen to find the turtle , the ship , and have the power necessary to run an alien gadget . Oh well . I still want to read the next one .
 `` Tainted Trail '' is a fantasy novel set in the current day US . The fantasy elements all surround two factions of an alien race that is living secretly among us . One faction is intent on taking over the world ; the other faction -LRB- Ukiah 's -RRB- is intent on preventing that . Much of this book centers upon Ukiah 's search for his forgotten childhood -LRB- an interesting twist on amnesia -RRB- . The plotline is a search & rescue operation for a kidnapped friend.I 've not read the book before this , about Ukiah 's youth , and found the `` Tainted Trail '' stood on its own . This book did n't leave me thinking `` Wow '' , but I read it quickly and enjoyed it thoroughly .
 I am currently reading the third book in this series , `` Bitter Waters '' and it is taking off quite well . I really enjoyed `` Alien Taste '' and `` Tainted Trail '' , which I just finished last night . I have to admit that the reason I bought the books was because of the main character 's name , Ukiah Oregon . I happen to live in Eastern Oregon & know personally where Ukiah is . I found the story line quite intriguing & thought it was well written , other than a few grammatical errors , which other reviewers also mentioned . But all in all , the story was good . In `` Tainted Trail '' , the book is centered around Pendleton , Oregon . I live 22 miles from there & recognize the places the author obviously visited in order to get research on the novel . I really enjoyed reading a book that was located close to where I live . Believe me , that does n't happen . Anyway , the books are fast , fun & remind me of the X-Files before that series ended . So suspend disbelief and have fun reading !
 Tainted Trail is the sequel to Alien Taste and continues the adventures of Ukiah Oregon . When Alicia , a close friend , goes missing in Oregon , Max and Ukiah fly out to try and find her . They quickly discover that Alicia 's disappearance is a kidnapping and begin a race against the clock . In their search for her , Ukiah finds out that he may be the legendary Wolf Boy that was lost in 1933 . He tries to contact the Kicking Deers , who wrote the original newspaper article and offered a reward for information on Magic Boy , but they think he is another fraud and refuse to speak with him . Meanwhile , Max begins to fall in love with Sam , a private investigator whose ex-husband refuses to believe the marriage is over , and discovers that there have been many unexplained deaths in the area . Is there a link between Alicia and the other deaths ? How are the Kicking Deers involved ? What is Ukiah going to do with his `` father '' Rennie when he comes out to protect him ? Another great mystery featuring Ukiah Oregon.I thoroughly enjoyed this book . I got very attached to Spencer 's characters in Alien Taste and was excited to see them again in this book . Ukiah is a fascinating combination of innocence and deadly skills . Readers will enjoy learning more about Ukiah as he slowly discovers who and what he is . It was also great to learn more about Rennie , Ukiah 's main Pack contact , and his past . Max Bennett finds a love interest this time and starts to come alive again after his first wife 's death . Sam is the object of his affections and I look forward to learning more about her because she is one tough lady . I did miss Indigo and Kittaning in this book , though , as they were back in Pittsburgh.Wen Spencer has a nice , smooth writing style that reads very quickly and easily . She has a great plot that keeps you glued to this book and many subplots that add to , rather than detract from , this book as a whole . For those of you who have n't read Alien Taste , I highly recommend that you do -LRB- because I like to read series in order -RRB- , but , if you have n't , you can read this book and understand everything because Spencer gives nice synopses throughout . However , it does not detract or bore those readers who already know what she is talking about . Tainted Trail has lovely characterization , nice descriptive details , an exciting plot line - in short , this book has it all !
 In this sequel to _ Alien Taste _ , Ukiah Oregon , his friends and assorted `` family '' are involved in tracing another disappearance . This time , the missing , possibly kidnapped person is a close friend . The action takes place in Oregon , a place where as a young boy Ukiah was found by his adopted parents . The search is not only for the missing woman , but also for the missing memories of Ukiah 's youth.As in the previous book , the author creates a combination of appealing characters and involving plot . The beginning of the book is rather slow , but is effective in building anxiety for the missing woman . The adventure accelerates , and sustains a high level of suspense to the end . There are elements of humor , wonder and romance sprinkled throughout . While a little of the humor is a bit forced , many lines are so well integrated that one breaks out into laughter involuntarily.This is science fiction , and inventive one at that . But the main attraction of the novel are the interesting characters and their interaction .
 Ukiah Oregon and his PI investigative partner Max are back , picking up the action a couple of months after ` Alien Taste ' finished . Although the events of Alien Taste are synopsised at various points in Tainted Trail , I highly recommend that you read Alien Taste first , both for the background to this the second book , and because it is such an original , well conceived and executed tale in itself.Spencer continues this excellence in Tainted Trail . Ukiah and Max have come to Oregon to investigate the disappearance of the niece of colleague Kraynak , who is also known to them as she used to work for the agency . Ukiah , with his tracking abilities down to the cellular level , is quickly on the trail . As usual , that 's where things start getting interesting . FBI , sheriff , family , Ontongard , Pack , and the recovery of a few more memories . It 's great . Twists , turns , unanticipated events - as before , the reader learns with Ukiah as he finds out as much about himself as he does the case he is working on.Ukiah maturing - he 's still somewhat of an innocent , but he is becoming more aware of light and dark , and shades of grey . Even Max , always heroic to Ukiah , causes him moments of disquiet here . But the essence of Ukiah is the same - someone who loves fiercely and loyally , and must protect those he loves at all costs . And even those that are Pack come to respect that element in him . I missed some of the characters in Alien Taste , especially Indigo who had to ` stay at home and mind the child ' -LRB- urgh ! Considering Indigo 's steely strength I have to say I did n't like this passive role for her , but this is a very mild niggle -RRB- . But meeting Magic Boy 's family more than made up for it , and Max 's own secondary story was excellent . Once again , in an author that clearly knows the seedy side of life , I really enjoyed that although bad things happened to good people , for those I really cared about Ukiah was eventually able to make it right - this time with help from Jared . Ukiah really is a true hero , overcoming the odds and fighting for what he sees as right . I enjoyed this book every bit as much as the first one , and am looking forward with great anticipation to reading the next -LRB- Bitter Waters -RRB- .
 This book is second in a series and is a much better read if you pick up Alien Taste before reading this book . Other than that its a great book with a lot of back ground on the main character being explained . My biggest complaints about this book are I wish some of my favorite characters from the first book had been included -LRB- there are only references to Ukiah Oregon 's mothers -RRB- and even though it was over 300 pages in length I wish it had been longer because it raised more questions than it answered.If your looking for something different I 'd try this alien detective meld , its not too cheezy .
 There is nobody in the world quite like Ukiah Oregon . His genetic make-up is that of an alien sire and an Earth woman . He has heightened senses , which make him an excellent tracker , is almost impossible to kill and is more than two centuries old . Ukiah 's earliest memories were that of growing up and being raised by wolves until he was caught in a trap and adopted by two women who set the non-lethal snare.He works with private detective Max Bennett who is one of the few humans privileged to know about Ukiah 's background . Their latest case takes them to Oregon where a hiker has gone missing . Her uncle has hired them to locate her but when Ukiah picks up the trail , he discovers that she is the victim of a kidnapping . While trying to locate her despite the attempts of the kidnappers to stop him , Ukiah also tries to follow a promising link to his mother 's family which , in turn , leads him to his father 's enemies.Containing elements from the mystery and science fiction genres , TAINTED TRAIL is a unique and highly entertaining reading experience . It is easy to believe that the hero is a lovable half-breed alien , which makes the underlying premise for this work easy to accept . The mystery is a tightly woven cerebral puzzle that is almost impossible to figure out until the author reveals the final clues . Hopefully Wen Spencer will continue to write about Ukiah Oregon -LRB- the person , not the place -RRB- . Harriet Klausner
 Tainted Trail -LRB- 2002 -RRB- is the second SF novel in the Ukiah Oregon series , followingAlien Taste . In the previous volume , the alien ship on Mars was destroyed . Ukiah acquired a younger brother -- Kittanning -- from a blood mouse . The Hex Gets were exterminated from the Pittsburgh area.In this novel , Ukiah Oregon is a young alien-human half breed . He has been killed at least twice and recovered from the condition . He is also the only breeder on Earth able to truly propagate his kind.Maxwell Bennett is a private detective . He was hired to discover Ukiah 's origins . Although failing that task , Max grew to like the boy and occasionally hired him as a tracker . Now they are partners in the private investigator business.Kraynak is a detective in the Pittsburgh Police Department . He and Max were military policemen in the same unit during the Gulf war . Since they were both from Pittsburgh , the friendship continued after the war.Alicia is the niece of Max 's friend Kraynak . She has known Ukiah since he started working for Max . She is slightly older than his official age.Indigo Zheng is an FBI special agent . She investigated the Janet Haze case and became Ukiah 's lover.Sam Killington is a private investigator in Pendleton , Oregon . She had divorced her former husband two years before , but has recently gotten a court order to keep him from stalking her.Rennie Shaw is a Get of Ukiah 's father Prime and the leader of the Get Pack . The Ontongard Gets have alien blood , but can not propagate their kind except by making other Gets.In this story , Alicia had come to Oregon with another student . Rose had originally been scheduled to do the geological survey with someone else , but the other student had cancelled at the last minute . Then Rose had sprained her ankle and Alicia went for a hike on her own.After Alicia had not returned in a reasonable time , Rose called the Sheriff 's office and Kraynak . Kraynak then hired Max and Ukiah to find her . They had only a few hours to prepare for the trip.Since Kittanning is officially her son , Ukiah feels that Indigo is the appropriate person to mind the baby . He asks her and she agrees . So Ukiah drops off Kittanning on the way to the airport.First they fly south to Houston and then north to Portland . There they take a commuter flight to Pendleton . Kraynak is airsick for the whole trip.After reaching Pendleton , Max hires two SUVs at the Hertz agency . Max and Kraynak take their gear to the hotel . But Ukiah goes off to find out more about his past.In his previous investigation , Max had found an old newspaper clipping about a missing boy from the Kicking Deer family . Then he discovered that the article was dated September , 1933 , and ignored it . But now they know that Ukiah is over 200 years old , so he goes to talk with Jesse Kicking Deer.A woman meets Ukiah at the door , but refuses him entry . After the missing boy is mentioned , she tells him to get off her property . When he refuses to leave , she calls her son to evict him from the premises . Later Ukiah learns that her son is Jared Kicking Deer , Sheriff of Umatilla County.Returning to the hotel , Ukiah finds Max and Kraynak in the dining room talking to an unknown woman . Sam introduces herself as a newspaper stringer , but Ukiah remembers from the airport . She then shows them her PI credentials.The next morning , Max , Ukiah and Kraynak drive to the campground where Alicia had been staying . They meet Rose there and find out more about the disappearance . Then Ukiah puts on his gear and starts looking.Local searchers had covered the whole area and found nothing . Ukiah starts at the tent and soon finds Alicia 's trail out of the campground and into the hills . He follows the trail for miles while Max and Jared parallel him on the road.Ukiah finds signs of a man herding Alicia to the nearby road . Then he finds where Alicia has fallen from a cliff and waves at the others to show them the location . Someone shoots him twice with a high powered rifle , but the bullets are stopped by his kevlar vest.Later Ukiah finds where two men and a woman had grabbed Alicia at the road and put her into a car . Ukiah can only follow the car for a short distance . The local police and the FBI gather the available physical evidence and start looking for the abductors.Ukiah tells the police what he has discovered from the traces . But he does not tell them about the DNA samples that he has found on the way . Only he knows that the man herding Alicia was blonde.After Ukiah calls home , he learns that the shooting in now known in Pittsburgh . His foster mothers know and so does the Pack . Rennie is on his way to Pendleton.This tale finds Ukiah recovering many of his older memories . He even convinces the Kicking Deer family that he is their Uncle . He also finds Gets in Oregon.Ukiah is injured several times in this story , but recovers before they return home . The next installment isBitter Waters . Read and enjoy!Highly recommended for Spencer fans and for anyone else who enjoys tales of alien invasions , strange biologies , and naive young men.-Arthur W. Jordin
 This is the second book in Spencer 's series about Ukiah Oregon , and like the first it 's a fun scifi/mystery/adventure . Overall the pacing 's good , but the ending seemed a little rushed to me . It was still a very good read though , and if you liked the first book you 'll like this one too I think .
 This is a vital story in the Ukiah Oregon series . I completely agree with the advertisements that say you can not put down a Wen Spencer novel . Without the information in this book on Ukiah 's history the series would be a lot duller .
 What a terrific follow-on to ALIEN TASTE ! Ms Spencer is a true talent , mixing mystery , thriller , and Scifi into an enticing hue of action . One thing you must learn with TAINTED TRAIL is never take Ms. Spencer 's plot direction for granted -- you may or may not get what you expect ! A really gripping read -- even better than ALIEN TASTE .
 This groundbreaking book presents a conceptually sophisticated and empirically grounded method to understand the complexities of cultural identity . The first section begins with a brilliant summary of the pertinent literature written in an accessible style with helpful major definitions and concepts clearly demarcated . It leads to an empirical method that combines both universal and local constructs of identity that can be customized by the individual . It was just simply thrilling and breathtaking how the writer conveyed the reality of identity as multiple aspects of identity as one 's self-construal moving in flux/process vs. a single fixed objective entity . The second section on cultural issues further elaborated on the first section . The chapter on understanding the identity of a Palestinian Christian Arab adolescent with Israeli citizenship elegantly demonstrated the value of the empirical method described in the first section ; beyond the complexity of the objective categories lay the range of self-construal possibilities from a fragmented , conflicted identity to a more integrated one . The third section deals with social issues and focuses on gender . The final section presents three clinical applications involving psychotherapy , anorexia nervosa and trauma . As someone who has taught psychiatric residents and other mental health professionals in this area for many years , I highly recommend it for clinicians as well as researchers . You will never see identity the same again !
 When you try to read this book for the first time it looks like a sports dictionary . But when you get closer you see that this book covers a large part of sports culture and it gives to the reader a lot of information on the most serious critiques that have been written for sports . Inside you will find texts covering the `` Protestant ethic '' of sports , analysis of terms such as `` videated '' and articles on drugs and the IOC and also the very important works of Norbert Ellias -LRB- among others -RRB- in summary .
 Sorensen 's book is a wonderful overview of the history of Tokyo -LRB- and Edo before it -RRB- , from the point of view of the geographical and physical structure of the city and its development over time . The book should be read by anyone with a serious interest in the planning , architecture , or social history of Tokyo . Well illustrated with maps and plans many of which are not , to my knowledge , readily available to an English language audience elsewhere .
 I feel a bit outrageous in assigning my own book five stars , but what can I say , I 'm biased!I am really just writing this note to let potential readers know that my book is winner of the International Planning History Society book award for best single-author book in planning history 2000-2003 , awarded at the IPHS conference in Barcelona in July . For me , that is just about the best possible affirmation of the value of the book.I am also pleased to inform you that a new paperback edition was released during May of 2004 . I have included below three excerpts from recent reviews in relevant journals.Best wishes , Andre SorensenReviews : ` Andre Sorensen has written a very important book . More than any English language study now available , it unlocks a major puzzle in understanding modern Japan - why has a country that has excelled at industry and efficiency in its economy -LRB- and transport systems -RRB- failed so miserably in providing a high urban quality of life for its citizens ? ... A very well written work ' - Urban Studies ` Meticulously researched and impressively presented ... a tremendous resource for the serious scholar . ' - Geographical Associatio n`This book should establish itself as the first port of call for both students and scholars embarking on a study of Japanese urbanism and planning history ... a highly sophisticated work ' - Environment and Planning/Government & Policy
 This is an excellent applied macroeconomics ' book written by a non Francophone scholar . The book begins with an excellent introduction to the two institutions -LRB- BCEAO and BEAC -RRB- and an historical economic outline of the fourteen members of the CFA Franc Zone . Then it mentions a body of economic theory predicting the pre-commitment to a fixed exchange rate reducing the inflation , and presents an empirical model that allows investigating whether the exchange rate pegs is helpful in reducing the inflation -LRB- Chapter 2 CFA memberships , exchange rate pegs and inflation -RRB- . Next , David Fielding compares the short run monetary adjustments in the Zone to the Anglophone Africa ones -LRB- Kenya and Tanzania -RRB- . The fourth chapter deals with public debt and the strategic interaction of monetary and fiscal policies . In this chapter , by using a game-theoretic model , it is shown that CFA membership engenders greater monetary prudence in average than one can expect from countries with their own currency and central bank , and the free riding problem represents a potential inefficiency . The Fifth chapter addresses the asset demand and the monetary transmission mechanism by taking Cote d'Ivoire 's cases . Chapter six tests capital market integration between CFA countries and France , whereas Chapter 7 introduces the problem of savings , investment and CFA membership and provides with time-series evidence from a comparison of Cote d'Ivoire with Kenya . Finally this book deals with CFA Franc membership and the role of relative price stability in investment performance.I highly recommend this book to graduate students and scholars in economics willing to have different empirical macroeconomic evidences of the monetary union including the former French sub-saharan colonies . This manuscript can be an excellent complement to Masson and Patillo , Semedo and Villieu , and Guillaumont 's books on CFA zone . Nevertheless in his conclusion and perspectives , Fielding did not consistently mention the peg to euro and the actual appreciation of CFA Franc via Euro , and some interesting scenarios such as an independent African currency around the CFA , the development of ECOWAS and the potential separation of the two CFAs , and the possibility to move toward a less rigid peg -LRB- e.g. Target Zone and Crawling bands for CFA Franc -RRB- . Leopold Engozogo Mba , Washington DC
 Wanda S. Pillow uses qualitative and quantitative data to examine America 's ongoing teen pregnancy problem . The only western nation without comprehensive sex education , America also boasts a dubious distinction of having the western world 's highest teen pregnancy rate.Teen pregnancy became noticed as an individual demographic-specific problem in the 1960 's , but different races were and have always been treated differently in America when they find themselves pregnant.White women were historically regarded as having made a ` bad choice ' , but ultimately were redeemable -LRB- through the intervention of moralistic social service personnel -RRB- only if they sequestered themselves in maternity homes . Here they could become ` repaired ' through a strict regimen of religion and vocational training , while they were supposed to ultimately find a man -- their having a child allegedly limited marriage ability . Later on , some homes would even offer adoption services , allowing the woman to further ` erase ' the teenage pregnancy and have a second chance at respectability.Contrasting , black teenage pregnancies became cited as ` evidence ' of that community 's problems and consequently were left to their own devices . Black teenagers traditionally were supposed to turn to their own for assistance.Although teens are no longer kicked out of school for becoming pregnant -LRB- Title IX -RRB- , they are instead being handed many punitive options by our government . The same entities who do not give them access to information about preventing a pregnancy then appear to constantly remind them that their options are limited once they are pregnant . This compounds the sense of isolation which those young women have.What daycare and social service programs exist for teens is not enough to meet the demand . The American government historically and currently does not want to make the social policy investitures required for having actual social change . Connaught ` Connie ' Marshner was a Reagan administration political appointment to head the office of family life , but she actually knew very little about the program which she was supposed to direct . Marshner was soon replaced by somebody with more related experience , but that 1980 's incident is emblematic of how little priority the government gave to seriously addressing and then ending teen pregnancy . If bureaucracies ultimately function through expertise only , the first appointment never was actually going to address teen pregnancy . Rather it was going to reinforce ideological stereotypes about ` promiscuous youth ' and ` values ' ; ` good people ' allegedly did not have teen pregnancies.The ` promiscuous low-income youth ' myth reared its head in the 1990 's with welfare reform . Welfare reform itself was built on the assumption that young women of color were becoming rich from having litters of babies , selectively ignoring the actual payment levels pre-reform , which were not enough to live above poverty anywhere inside this country . The sexuality of black women ultimately provided sufficient ammunition for politicians to attack the welfare state , even Democratic president Bill Clinton had endorsed and signed the measure.She also includes information on Hispanic young women . By virtue of being people of color they are also being victimized through race-sexuality dichotomies and additionally face language barriers while trying to obtain social services . The thrust of the book 's racial-ethnic focus is centered on the black-white politics of sex , teen pregnancy , and poverty . Since 19th century miscegenation laws were first enacted , black sexuality has terrified public policymakers as alternately being both inferior and effectively destructive to the country.Identifying many connotations within the term ` epidemic ' Pillow concedes that American teen pregnancy rates will not substantially decline until we begin having honest talks . Our country needs to talk how current policies are/have been fundamentally race-gender-socioeconomic constructed and then we can adopt a more inclusive approach to sexuality education .
 Here 's a subject that has been topical and controversial in the US for decades . How should the public education system accomodate pregnant teenagers ? Many politicians lament the high rates of teen pregnancy . But what to do once she is pregnant and does not want an abortion?Pillow offers a thoughtful discourse on various aspects . Non American readers will note the constant reference to US Federal policies , like Title 9 , which requires schools not to discriminate against these women . Pillow discusses the interplay of racial and ethnic factors . Especially the persistently high rate of unwed black pregnancy . What sort of counselling should be offered is also reviewed . Like , what to say regarding possible career paths , or the related topic about the availability of affordable childcare.She provides no simple answers . Possibly there are none .
 The book investigates the many facets of teen pregnancy , beginning with a social history of the problem . After introducing the teen mother of the 1930 's as the `` girl next door '' who was wronged and needs to be supported throughout her pregnancy and motherhood , Pillow introduces the racial and class implications of teen motherhood and how that affects how society views the teen . After discussing who the teen mother is , she dives into the issue of how she should be educated , and explains Title IX in depth . Title IX was legislation that laid out what a teen mother is entitled to for her education . It states the following :1 . Teen mothers may not be expelled from school .2 . Attendance at separate schooling sites must be voluntary .3 . Policies affecting teen mothers ' access to school must be nondiscriminatory and teen mothers ' education should be comparable to that of their peers.For much of the remainder of the book , Pillow investigates each clause of Title IX and how it is -LRB- and is n't -RRB- implemented in schools . She looks at many different programs which grew out of Title IX -LRB- including GRADS and LEAP -RRB- and how they support the teen mother . To conclude the book , the author points out the many questions surrounding teen pregnancy and education that have yet to be answered . She points out that most policies and programs tailored to teen mothers were not created by educationists , but rather by politicians who have separate agendas . She calls for educationists to rise to the challenge of trying to solve the difficult problem of how the teen mother should continue her schooling after she gives birth , and what expectations will be placed on her.Wanda Pillow 's analysis of the social and education predicament that is teen pregnancy is very thorough . She identifies many themes in the application of Title IX that help the reader understand how different schools approach the legislation . When analyzing how pregnant teens are treated in school , she points out discourses of pregnancy as a cold and pregnancy as a disability or disease . By categorizing the student in one of these two ways , the student either stays in their current school with little or no additional support , or they are transferred to another location where special services are provided , but where the education is presumably not `` comparable '' . By identifying these two treatments of teen mothers , Pillow is able to analyze the pros and cons of each , and conclude that the best treatment of the teen mother is somewhere in the middle.Pillow also identifies discourses that hinder schools from providing the teen mother with what she needs , and what she is legally entitled to . She explains clearly that discourses of contamination motivate schools to send pregnant/mothering teens to other locations because they do not want her to contaminate the other students with her bad morals . Discourses of education as a responsibility is another theme that Pillow identifies as being detrimental to the treatment of pregnant teens in school . In this theme , it is seen as the teen mother 's responsibility to continue her education , not for the benefit of herself or her child , but for the benefit of society . Society benefits from her education because they will not be burdened with taxes to support this mother when she lives on welfare . While this discourse emphasizes that the teen should stay in school , it identifies her as having different education needs from the other students , and is more likely to push her into a school-to-work or GED program.By identifying themes in the different aspects of Title IX implementation , Pillow offers a unique view of teen pregnancy and how it is handled in schools . While the book is very adept at pointing out the flaws and successes in Title IX and the programs that followed , Pillow does not follow through on how to correct the flaws in the education of pregnant teens . In many ways these are questions that have no definite answers . Many of the problems that she points out with the way pregnant/mothering teen education is handled deal with deep-rooted attitudes and assumptions on the part of educators and administrators . Much of how a pregnant teen is seen by these people depends on the student 's race and social class , and this dictates how the student 's pregnancy affects her schooling . Issues of race and social class prejudice not only affect pregnant teens , but all students in general , and these are problems that may need to be dealt with outside the realm of educational policy for pregnant teens.However , other questions that are posed in the book are simply never answered by Pillow . She begins the book by introducing the questions of `` what the problem of teen pregnancy is , who it is a problem for , and how government should intervene and on whose behalf . '' While she discusses these issues throughout the book , she never comes to a concrete conclusion . She ends the book with still more questions : So what does education opportunity look like for a teen mother ? Or rather what is equitable education for pregnant/mothering students ? Are programs that are integrated with the school at large more equitable or do pregnant teens need a separate school experience geared to their needs in order to have access to equitable education?One reason for these questions is that , as Pillow states many times throughout the book , education on pregnant teens is hard to come by . One would like to look at school data on pregnant teens of different races and social classes , different regions , and see how they progressed , whether they graduated , etc , after becoming pregnant . However , while many schools have data on how many of their students were pregnant or mothering , they often do not connect that data with their demographics or graduation rates . This makes it difficult to conduct concrete research on how teen pregnancy was handled in specific schools . In the conclusion of the book , Pillow suggests many avenues where future research should be explored , but she does very little research herself.Unfit Subjects
 I apparently must echo what other reviewers have said about Camouflage . Good , bordering on great if but for the end.The first few hundred pages of the novel focus mainly on the alien changeling 's initially fumbling attempts to be human . It uses myriad identities over the span of a century to better understand humanity , but also to find out exactly what it truly is . To a lesser degree , Haldeman tackles the `` chameleon '' who is no less intelligent but is motivated by more primal , baser instincts.The final part of the novel focuses both on the key to unlocking the changeling 's and chameleon 's identities as well as on the changeling 's final lesson in what makes human beings unique . The problem , as other reviewers have noted , is that the denouement seems more than a bit rushed ... almost a stock HEA ending , in fact . Nevertheless , I enjoyed Haldeman 's excellent writing
 Joe Haldeman first achieved fame with The Forever War , a story that won both the Hugo and Nebula awards as the best SiFi book of the year in 1975 . This was not long after he returned from Viet Nam where as a draftee he won -LRB- as he puts it -RRB- `` a Purple Heart and other standard medals . '' That book described a fuzzy kind of war where the fighters hardly knew what was going on -LRB- Viet Nam ? -RRB- . In this book , about his 28th if I 've counted correctly , the story is one of two Aliens who have only dim memories of an ancient artifact that has just been brought up from the sea . The human characters are human and very well developed . The aliens are quite different from you 've seen in other books.A delightful read by a master of his craft .
 The strengths of Joe Haldeman 's near-future SF novel include complex characterizations of the chameleon and the changeling , a Golden-Age-esque mysterious artifact , and some great humor . I do not normally care for shape-shifters , but Haldeman somehow pulls this off , with a quasi-scientific approach , which , while perhaps not biologically feasible , was `` believable enough '' for me to suspend disbelief.The weakness , overall , are the two-dimensional human characters in 2019 who 're trying to uncover the artifact 's mysteries . I found myself wanting to breeze through these parts of the books in order to see what the chameleon or the changeling would do next.That said , the strengths outweigh the weakness , though , and I 'll give this one 4-stars for its humor , its page-turning prose , and the tantalizing and chilling exploits of the chameleon . It 's an anti-hero you just want to learn more and more about.This was the first Haldeman novel I 've read , and it was good enough to make me want to read more .
 I never read anything by this author but I did like this little book . What a fun read . It 's a pity Haldeman was n't able to write a credible and interesting ending . He wraps things up hastily in a poor conclusion to an otherwise very well written and entertaining novel .
 It 's hard to find great Sci fi these days . I thought this was an exciting and imaginative story . I gave it to my father for Christmas and he was also very impressed .
 Before reading this book , I had read `` The Forever War '' and `` The Guardian '' and was surprised to see that one author could turn out such diametrically different novels . `` Camouflage '' was another surprise ; although the straightforward , unembellished writing and the fast pacing gave a familiar flavor to the book , the story and characters were wonderfully original.I was immediately drawn into `` Camouflage '' because the story focuses on the idea of shape-shifting , a concept by which I 've long been fascinated . Haldeman displays the kind of analytical curiosity that is the mark of all the best science fiction writers . -LRB- After all , do n't all good sci-fi novels start with a simple idea
 The first thing that really caught my attention was the writing style . The beginning of every book is like that first drink . You are getting in perspective about the time , place , and characters who will participate in the story . This part of most books is usually tedious , but necessary . However , in this book the author writing style shields you away from any possible tediousness . It hooks up your interest right after the second page and bombards you with details at a tremendous speed . You just ca n't stop reading . At the same time the author manages to structure his book with the perfect balance between grammatical complexity and grammatical simplicity . Essentially , he does not make it more grammatically complex than necessary . This results in a book that flows smoothly , letting your mind to fly through the story in a totally effortless fashion . Some writers out there bear the misconception that an extremely complex and elaborated grammatical structure will make their books more sophisticated and worthy . How wrong they are.The book indirectly touches philosophical issues and amazing possible paths for evolution in other planets . In my opinion the most impressive element in this book is that it let you look at the whole human phenomena from a whole different perspective , from the other side of alien eyes . This book develops an impressive idea and presents it to you in one of the smoothest and most comprehensive narratives I have ever come across.Starting right now with `` The engines of God '' . This is one of the tedious ones , but it still can turn out great .
 In Camouflage , Haldeman postulates two very different aliens . Both can blend in with humans . One retains its innate bloodthirstyness for thousands of years . The other starts out utterly amoral , but while relating to humans , it eventually develops emotions , eventually achieving a sophisticated and benign morality.Both are attracted to an alien artifact , but for different reasons . We can tell early that the result will be conflict . But as others have stated , the setup for the conflict is carefully drawn while the resolution is over quickly.But I found the resolution pleasing enough . It avoided any melodramatic touches such as gratuitous battles or sermonizing.Haldeman has been known to stretch an idea a bit too far to get a novel out of it -LRB- see `` The Coming '' for an example -RRB- , but not this time . And he continues to wring new implications out of SF staples , such as alien contact in this case.This is very much in the traditional vein of SF , with no touches of fantasy , cyberpunk , or other more recent styles . If you like straight-forward SF , you 'll probably like this . It 's not a classic , but it will keep you engaged , and perhaps even make you think a bit about the nature of morality .
 A great novel , could n't stop reading , really enjoyed it . Would have loved to know more about the `` bad '' alien though . Let 's hope a sequel will follow !
 I really like this author and have read most of his books , this book was a great example of his writing .
 This was an entirely unique story that was pretty fascinating with accurate historical details mixed in with a science fiction twist . The only complaint I have is how it ended . The book was leading to a climax but , unfortunately like many science fiction books I 've read , they fall flat just at the end . It was like he either could n't think of a satisfying ending or rushed to finish the book . Either way I felt unsatisfied when I was finished . If there were a follow-up sequel , then I would like it much better .
 Worth reading . Some silliness , but mostly an entertaining , reasonably well edited novel.The love bit is over the top , but does n't spoil it .
 Joe Haldeman can write . And he can write well . He is consistant in all of his works for creating interesting plotlines and following through with them til the end of the book . Camouflage is no exception . It 's an interesting story on it 's face about two different aliens who have been roaming the planet for at least a million years - they know they are different from the rest of the creatures on Earth , but do n't quite know why or how . One alien becomes almost human in it 's capacity to feel empathy and desire to learn , while the other is hell bent on creating destruction and causing pain . Although it would be easy as a reader to try to analyze what Haldeman is trying to say through these two characters , it 's really not necessary in terms of enjoying the book . Just sit back and enjoy the ride .
 I really enjoyed this book . The main protagonist was intriguing and a detailed character . I really enjoyed the progression of the character through time and history . This element of the story reminded me of the Highlander character living through different time periods . I would highly recommend this novel . My 2 minor complaints are that the villain was not as detailed and a cookie cutter bad guy . Also , the ending was pretty weak ...
 `` Camouflage '' , a short , self-contained SF novel by Joe Haldeman , is a perfect example of why he is held in such high esteem by SF critics and fans alike . It 's great ! 4.5 stars.At just 289 pages , Camouflage is a model of compact writing and plotting . While lacking Haldeman 's trademark humor , the writing is still snappy and the dialogue believable . The main characters are fleshed out enough to make one care about them , and the plot `` mysteries '' stay hidden until literally the last few pages when all is revealed . No red herrings , all was there to figure out if one was paying attention . When I had only 10 pages to go , I was thinking that there was no way that Haldeman was going to be able to resolve everything fairly and to my satisfaction . I thought that I was either going to find out that this was `` to be continued '' although I was pretty sure that I had not seen any sequels in Haldeman 's bibliography or else the ending was going to be lame . Neither was true.This is a unique first contact story and a very skilled and original description of totally alien psychology interacting with various human intellectual and emotional behaviors . A lightning fast and excellent read.J.M . Tepper
 This is the second Joe Haldeman book that I have read . It was good , and had the classic Haldeman abrupt ending . This author is very imaginative , and I appreciate his ability to bounce back and forth between the past and future . Overall a good read !
 Stop me if you 've heard this before
 I really wanted to be Russell.It 's not often that I wish a book was longer than it was . In this case , I think it could 've benefited from an additional 50-100pgs . That being said , Haldeman is one of those few writers capable of saying so much with a minimum of words . In that respect he reminds me of Arthur C. Clarke with a stronger appreciation of sexuality and intimacy . The ending however did feel a little rushed.Two aliens have existed on earth for millions of years . In some ways they are similar -LRB- shape-shifters -RRB- but in others , vastly different . They take us on a quick tour of human history focusing on their relationships with humans throughout the years , all the while learning more and more about us and in the process , unintentionally become more human in the process . Not surprisingly as Haldeman is fascinated by war , interesting perspectives on WWII are presented as one -LRB- in addition to many other personas/forms -RRB- becomes a captured US marine on the Bataan death march , the other a Nazi concentration camp doctor . One is benign and compassionate , the other malignant and psychotic . Their stories are meshed with the recovery and examination of an alien craft from the ocean depths in Samoa that also becomes the focus of the two aliens and a crack scientific team.Well-structured , fast-paced , detailed , and emotive , Camouflage , while not one for the annals of sci-fi lore , still merits worthy mention . Haldeman creates compelling characters that we are strongly drawn to through affinity and a dash of spicy eroticism . I only wish he would 've elaborated more on the aliens ' origins -LRB- especially the chameleon -RRB- and stretched out the ending . This would make a great sci-fi flick . Just make sure Haldeman contributes to the script and direction .
 I completely enjoyed reading this -- Without Synopsizing the book , or giving away the ending -- I would just like to say -- What Fun ! Kept me turning the pages and going on to the next Chapter -- Nice Struture -- Could n't wait to see what happened next -- The one thing I did not expect , -- The Ending ! ~ Thanks for the great entertainment Joe !
 Camouflage is what science fiction is all about . This is a science fiction thriller . It has just the right combination of science , human interest , politics -LRB- without being preachy -RRB- , intrigue , a perspective on human history and interesting characters . This is the first Haldeman book I 've read and now I 'm going out to acquire some of his other works . If they 're anything like Camouflage I know I 'm going to enjoy them.Story involves two shape shifters and their interaction with humans throughout the course of history . You get to see things through the eyes of non-humans , from two points of view , and gain a unique perspective on how and why we treat each other the way we do . What does it really mean to be `` human '' ? The science is first rate , and the storyline is compelling . Bravo Haldeman !
 In a genre that has become crowded with fantasy and space opera , it is good to come across a good science fiction story that stands alone , a story that will probably not turn into a franchise with all of the attendant co-authorships , marketing , and fan sites . Joe Haldeman has excelled at remaining true to the genre , writing thought provoking science fiction wrapped around interesting stories . `` Camouflage '' does n't disappoint . It has an interesting premise , written in Haldeman 's quick , spare style , yet `` Camouflage '' does touch upon some deeper themes , especially themes of human nature and character , made especially more vivid from the point of view of a nonhuman . The story is satisfying in its subject matter , delivery , and cadence , but it tapers off just a little too quickly and leaves one of its characters languishing without enough back-story to truly complete the story in a cosmic sense . This flaw , however , does n't even become noticeable until the very last page so does not detract from the process of the story . `` The Hemingway Hoax '' and `` The Forever War '' made me a solid Haldeman fan , and `` Camouflage '' is good company as well .
 The story line was good . I enjoyed reading about the changeling 's journey thru history . Only drawback , the ending . It 's a very quick wrapup that seems like the author said oops my book can only be 280 pages and I 'm at 278 so I 'd better put an ending on it .
 Camouflage was tight and fun to read . Haldeman 's high concept approach and the book 's corresponding structure are very strong . -LRB- Thank you for not writing another 500 page space opera , just because ! -RRB- Those strengths kept me reading despite some rather obvious weak plot points and a couple of flat characters.It 's worth noting that the weak plot points did n't bother me until I was well done with the book.What bothered me more was how little attention Haldeman put into making the Chameleon richer . There was a little too much of the Generic Alien Baddie with only a cursory attempt at motivation . If he 'd done half as well with Chameleon as he did with Changeling , it would have been a much stronger and more memorable book.I loved Haldeman 's diction and crisp witty style . The prose was sleek , and even with my quarrels it kept me reading in a pretty obsessive way until it was finished.Haldeman has been a bit of a blank spot for me -- one of those authors I 've been meaning to read , but never quite got around to doing it . Based on this , I 'm a lot more enthusiastic to give more of his work a try.I will admit to being puzzled as to why this won a Tiptree . I do n't think he 's doing anything that interesting with gender . Different strokes , I guess .
 This was way better than I expected . I admit , when I got started on this book . It seemed a little goofy at first . But as the story progressed , I was impressed at the depth Haldeman gave the central characters . I really like Haldeman 's light and clean writing style . It makes for effortless reading without losing any good details.I wo n't give away the ending , but its a fun ending . Maybe it was obvious , but it still was satisfying .
 This is the first book by Haldeman that I have read and it was enjoyable . I had just finished reading `` Light '' by Harrison , so this book was a nice change . Very easy to get into , fun and straightforward -- it made me feel like kid reading Andre Norton for the first time . At first it seemed a bit formulaic , the themes are very familiar . However , it does n't matter , Haldeman builds -LRB- almost literally -RRB- the main character , the `` changeling '' , from the ground up ; we get to see it 's transformation as it learns to be human . The style of writing makes for easy reading , if you are traveling or sitting on a beach .
 The book has a great premise and was tightly written throughout . I found the ending a little unsatisfying considering how good the rest of the book was .
 Joe Haldeman delivers a good , well considered novel that is Haldemanesque ... in the sense that the enthusiasm that the book delivers and the original concepts he explores in his own unique way hold the plot together.I judge a good book on whether I can put it down , walk away from it and not think about it . In the case of Camouflage , I read it cover-to-cover and was sorry that the story was over . He left me wanting more and to me , that makes the grade.Other reviewers found a component of the book when the human and alien fell in love to be corny and unbelievable , but love does confound the wisest of us and I did n't think that it was nearly as big of a stretch .
 Awesome alien profile . The only fault is with 10 pages to go you can tell there is now way to wrap it all up . No explanation of alien tech , which is becomming the standard these days . The ending was very abbreviated .
 One of the best books I 've read in a long time . I could n't put it down . Joe Haldeman is becoming one of my favorite authors and he delivers in this book .
 i ran throgh this book . read it in less than two days . very fast paced . i loved it . i have recently fell in love with this author . i am currently working my way through his work . you can really feel for the changling in this book . i think the last chapter went too quickly . kind of like the author just said . well lets get this book over with already . things just happened without enough description . but it didnt take away from the book which is great
 An excellent writer , but i feel this book could have been longer and contained more story content on the Chamleon ... a very readable and gripping story though and a nice ending ...
 Joe , I am always happy to see you work out for sale ! This was no exception . Joe , please , please give us a follow up tome . This story line has tons more material to explore and explain .
 A whiz-bang save-the-world story , with a couple of way-out aliens , one a real baddie , and a good ending with an interesting twist . Haldeman 's all-time greatest in my view is the Forever War . This is n't quite so epic , but still a very good read .
 The Nebula awards committee -LRB- SFWA -RRB- has become so heavily politicized over the past couple of decades , that I was surprised to see veteran science fiction writer , Joe Haldeman , win the 2005 Nebula award . Joe Haldeman is well known in science fiction circles for his absolute classic novel , The Forever War , and is also a Vietnam War veteran so he 's able to write about the follies , atrocities , and fog of war from a first person perspective . However , reading the blurb on the book storyline , about two aliens on earth , a discovered alien artifact and the events surrounding them which are relatively familiar themes to those that read and watch science fiction , nothing jumped out as obviously political . In the novel Haldeman does write about the Bataan Death March , the march the Japanese forced captured American and other prisoners of war during World War II under heat , starvation , and other brutal conditions that lead to a considerable number of deaths . The Bataan Death March is a well documented and known WW II event to many Americans and is justifiably worthy to recant for those that are not too familiar with the events . What is disappointing is the usual trivialization of events right after WW II on the cold war and the Soviet Union . Most of the 20 million deaths committed by the Soviet Union was in eastern Europe so it seems that it does n't qualify on the ` American Death Conversion Chart ' -LRB- e.g. 500 deaths by a natural disaster in Asia equals news worthiness of 0.5 American deaths -RRB- to write about with any significance . -LRB- Granted these deaths occurred before the cold war , but the same repressive regime was in power . -RRB- The sad truth is that many atrocities have been committed by humanity , and numerous atrocities committed in the past 100 years . The Japanese committed horrible atrocities against the Chinese in Manchuria , and returning from a visit to the Tibetan government-in-exile in northern India brought further details of past and on-going atrocities by the Chinese . It 's worthy to be reminded of past atrocities , least we forget , and it would be refreshing to read of them without other atrocities being marginalized.As it is , this is an excellent novel , quickly flowing , an enjoyable style of writing , with an interesting plot , and is well deserving of an award for best science fiction novel .
 There is a sub-genre of science fiction that I like to think of as the alien-encounter procedural . Among its most famous of members is Arthur C. Clarke 's `` Rendezvous with Rama '' . Humans meet a new species of alien and must figure out what procedures to follow to make some kind of contact . Emphasis is on the technology of contact , with suspense created by the unknown nature of the aliens . Often there is no emphasis on character development or illuminating human society by the strange circumstances . To maintain my interest the twists of the encounter or the solutions required must really be clever.All this is by way of saying that when I encountered `` Camouflage '' , I expected just such a story and had set my techno-bableometer to dampen . Boy , was I surprised!Instead the story is told from the point of view of the alien and explores one of the most basic of literary questions , `` What does it mean to be human ? `` Joe Haldeman 's writing is simple and direct and he does not search for colorful language . Instead , he weaves together three separate story lines , each with its own time scale , that come together in the finale . Occasionally you might think the author was moving into irrelevant areas but ultimately he brings the unities home . Moreover , at the same time as the main character is developing , Haldeman uses the device of the doppelganger , that is , a parallel personality , to contrast with the character of the hero . Moreover , he sets the story against an historical perspective of the last two thirds of the twentieth century , with a major portion of the story set against the fall of the Philippines and the horror of the Bataan death march at the beginning of World War II . The purpose of this lengthy excursion into history is to fine tune our sense of the development of the hero.There are a few things that stretched my belief , particularly the behavior of one of the main human characters when he learns a secret of the alien , but I allowed myself to step back from my incredulity and to see it as a further device to explore the main question.The story moves along quickly , or at least as quickly as I could turn the pages . This may not be amongst the greatest of science fiction novels , but it certainly illustrates how a good premise and construction of a novel can not only sweep us along , but even provide food for thought .
 Joe Haldeman is one of the top sci-fi writers around . This novel contains three interwoven stories :1 . A sympathetic shape-changer who has lived on earth for millions of years , but only as a human from the 1930 's on .2 . An unrelated and malevolent shape-changer who 's been around as long as man , whose favorite human is Josef Mengele .3 . A mysterious and impregnable metal artifact dredged up from the ocean floor by a science reasearch team in Samoa , drawing the attention of both aliens.Thematically , the book is fascinating . The decidedly non-human characters highlight oddities of our behavior we simply take for granted , like courting rituals and various aspects of sexual and romantic love.The plot , unfortunately , does n't measure up . JH starts out strong , neatly interweaving the three stories , sweeping through time and setting up a profound mystery with the artifact . But eventually these stories bog down as JH concentrates on a love angle , pretty much dropping the more interesting -LRB- to me anyway -RRB- exploration of the artifact and the nature of the evil shape-changer . A rather contrived ending ties it all together , but I hope he does a sequel to further develop his intriguing ideas .
 Joe Haldeman is a unique voice and innovator in Science Fiction . Each of his novels is a new experiment in the craft of writing . Similar to his changeling protagonist , `` Camouflage '' represents key elements of his writing style that have evolved over the past several novels and are now combined with his natural ability to weave a compelling tale . The result is an exceptionally well-crafted novel that tells a complex story in as parsimonious manner as possible . Writing in this manner is a tall-order for any author , and a departure from the increasingly long , convoluted science fiction novels that grace the shelves of our bookstores today . His pacing is on-the-money here and helps build a sense of excitement . The result is a wonderful page turner that will leave the Haldeman fan eagerly awaiting his next effort . Haldeman does an exceptional job with this novel .
 Haldeman is on my short list of all time great authors , but his last few books have n't always met that standard . With Camouflage I feel Haldeman has found his old magic , but at the same time I can see him moving forward picking style elements used in books like The Coming and Forever Peace much more effectively here . Best of all the Haldeman we do n't always see , the one who writes a damn good mystery is back in force . It makes want to go back and read All My Sins again .
 This is page turner . Put an alien on Earth a million years ago , give it amnesia , make it immortal , but give it a touch of empathy , while you are at it , add an artifact discovered in the present time . Just as it 's about to boil , add to this pot , a pinch of spice called love . No Carbs . What more can you ask for from Joe Haldeman novel . Enjoy .
 Camouflage was pretty darned good.Mr . Haldeman 's writing seems to go in two directions normally . On the one hand , he writes books like Forever XXX -LRB- War , Peace , Free -RRB- , All My Sins Remembered , Mindbridge -LRB- a personal favorite -RRB- or Tool of the Trade . These are gripping remarkable stories that I hate to see end.On the other hand , there are the Worlds novels , the Vietnam era things -LRB- I know Mr. Haldeman is a veteran but did not enjoy these as much -RRB- Buying Time and a number of others . They are n't bad , but if I had n't tricked onto Mindbridge early in my game , I would n't have found the rest.When Mr. Haldeman is good , there 's no one better . I really dig his stuff and Camouflage is one of those.With this new novel , it seems Mr. Haldeman saw the movie Species and came up with some interesting variants of his own . His aliens are pretty cool and the story rocks . If I have any complaint , it is the standard Haldeman complaint that it ended very abruptly . I hope that there will be a sequel and that Mr. Haldeman is almost done writing it .
 I have followed Haldeman 's work since I read `` The Forever War '' about ten years ago . I loved that book , and many of his short stories -LRB- available in a few anthologies -RRB- . But his last few books did n't engage me - I thought `` Guardian '' moved too slowly , and `` The Coming '' was n't my thing.But this one read like one of Haldeman 's best works . I could n't put it down - I was swept away by all three of the intertwining stories . I 'd recommend this for any Haldeman fan . And if you have n't read `` The Forever War '' , why the heck have n't you ?
 In 2019 Baja , California , Russell Sutton owns Poseidon Projects , a relatively small marine biological research firm . Russell targets two to three projects a year , but none involving the American military having worked in the government back at the turn of the century . Thus , his highly regarded staff -LRB- six PhDs -RRB- is stunned when Russell accepts US Navy Admiral Jack Halliburton deep-water salvage proposal . Lying on the bottom of an oceanic trench , seven miles form the surface , sits a metallic object that Jack wants raised.Russell succeeds in lifting the small object out of the sea . In Samoa , they investigate the find , but the object is impregnable to their probes . While the scientific team continually fails in its query , two aliens roam the planet . The Changeling lived in the sea for millenniums before arriving on land nearly a century ago and dons any identity including an inanimate ; the Chameleon has become the world 's richest person . He also will kill without feeling any remorse . News surfaces about the object ; along with the usual whackos in and out of the media and some intrigued scientists , the Changeling and the Chameleon have personal interests as both know that this is the key to their finally going home.This futuristic aliens among us tale is a terrific story line that hooks the audience from the moment the object is lifted from the sea as readers will want to know what this artifact is as well as who are the Changeling and the Chameleon . Russell is a fabulous lead human protagonist , but clearly , the mystery of the two ETs and their `` key '' is what grips the audience in a fabulous thriller that needs a chlorine-based sequel.Harriet Klausner
 I immensely enjoyed The Forever War by Joe Haldeman . I saw this book in the library , and it looked pretty good . I was a little misled though , I thought it was going to be two Loch Ness type creatures coming after the artifact , I must not have read too closely.Anyway , I really liked the character of the changeling . That was pretty much the only thing that kept me engrossed in this book . I actually sat down and read the entire book in about six hours . I could n't tell you when the last time I did that was.The chameleon gets hardly any page time or development . It was almost as if he were an afterthough to the story . And , do n't get me started on the ending . I would n't even know where to begin . Things were horribly wrapped up , in my opinion . I would n't doubt if the publisher said `` we need the book in 5 mintues ! '' . Wo n't stop me from reading any of his other stuff though , of course . Camoflage is well written with some very interesting characters , and some very funny moments . Highly recommended , and came very close to being a 5 star review .
 The character depth and development was excellent . The science , the plot , it works for me . Another Haldeman book you race through dreading the end . And if that ending does n't get your mind racing with possibilities , you 're probably not from earth . ; -RRB-
 Forever War and Forever Peace are two of the best books I 've read , though Forever War is far better , IMO . Both , however , span millions of years , and that 's what makes them unique . So I was initially disappointed that Haldeman 's new book `` Camoflauge '' essentially began at two points
 Eons ago , a very tough alien arrived on our planet . Recently it took the place of a California youth and entered the world of humans . It then continued to change its appearance and experienced more of the world including World War Two and many others . Now it is being drawn to Samoa where research is being done on an ancient object found on the bottom of the ocean . The object may be related to itself.Unknown to this changeling and shape shifter , another creature has stalked the planet for eons . This one is a chameleon and rather enjoys killing and mayhem . It too has been drawn by the strange object . Each creature has wondered if there are others like it on the planet . Soon they will meet and learn the truth . But the Chameleon has long since decided that others like itself should be eliminated.The story is told alternating between the book 's present which follows the study of the object and the past of the changeling as it works its way through recent history -LRB- starting in the Great Depression -RRB- until the timelines converge . We get a little bit from the Chameleon 's viewpoint and a synopsis of its involvement in human history . All together it makes for a very interesting tale and offers insights into human nature through the eyes of something not human . This is not a monster vs. monster story as the conflict that is foreseen is handled quickly . A nice tale that manages to be full of wonder while remaining down home . Check it out .
 Haldeman writes excellent science-fiction . In Camouflage he tells the stories of a couple aliens who poke around the earth for a few millenia and make disparate judgments of what it means to be human . The novel rides pretty far on the strength of its premise but eventually it becomes clear that this is essentially a short story centered on the alien who comes to appreciate humanity for what it is . Though a fine story , there was much more that could have been said about life itself . Maybe Mr. Haldeman is just leaving room for a sequel.Finally , the author 's theme of an alien discovering what it means to be human was bound to focus upon sex at some point . But seriously folks , generations of talented authors and playwrights have managed some excellent explorations of sexuality without dwelling on the pornographic . The explicit scenes in this book were just embarrassing . And the author 's portrayal of Samoan morality as quaint and outdated was unnecessary .
 Excellent premise . Full of action at various times.Build up to the end and then disappointment .
 Haldeman has an ability to cover an epic amount of time and space in his novels and Camouflage is no exception . What if aliens were among us but they were n't trying to invade us and they did n't want our women ? What would an alien think of the history and the wars and the prejudices and the literature and the science of mankind ? Camouflage covers it all in a series of vignettes that are interwoven with the story of man 's discovery of the alien presence . Intelligent and fast-moving . While the ending is a bit rushed , this is still definitely worth a read . Donald J. Bingle , Author of Forced Conversion
 I 'm giving this book four stars for it 's a fun and solid science fiction . I ca n't give it more because this book it just that . I read this story when it was serialized in Analog , and my initial responce was ` Is this really a new story freshly written in the 21st Centry ? ` This book is old-fashioned . I 'm not saying it 's a bad thing . It 's just too-typical , too-1970 's - like , too-comforting . I think readers who started reading science fiction back in the 1950s would find this book more interesting than I did . Haldeman is definitely a telented writer-I still remember the shock and wonder I felt when I first read his best works like _ The Forever War _ or _ All Sins Remembered _ . This new novel wo n't league among them , but for those looking for a classical science fiction with a classical idea and humour , it would still be recommended . You wo n't be surprised , but you will be satisfied .
 This was my first book by Haldeman , and I enjoyed it . The story immediately drew me in . I do n't usually read books about aliens , usually avoiding anything about outerspace , but this was worth the read . Its opened up my mind to check out more science fiction , with and without more aliens in them . Since reading everyone elses reviews , I 'm looking forward to checking out more books by this author especially .
 I wo n't bother with a plot description . But the book is a riveting read , the ending was completely unexpected -LRB- I kept wondering how they would get around the whole alien thing during the whole book -RRB- There 's enough sex to keep it interesting but not so much that it seems perverted or pornographic . The plotline is original and , something I like in my sci fi adventures , it seems like it COULD possibly happen . A certain amount of poetic license is expected and required in sci fi , but if you allow for that it is a plausable story . A must read .
 This was a very enjoyable sci fi story . It was thought provoking and nice quick read . I think any Sci Fi fan would enjoy this book .
 I mostly enjoyed this tale of two creatures who take human forms and are able to change their appearance . One is called the Changeling who changes into different people , animals or things . The other is the Cameleon who can change into any person . The Cameleon is a predator who enjoys killing anyone who gets in his way . Both of these creatures have blended into human lives and neither can be killed.Meanwhile , an artifact has been discovered on the island of Samoa that both these creatures are drawn to . The object is heavier than any known material and appears to be industructable . Both creatures are drawn to the object , the Changling to learn about it since it senses that the object has something to do with its own existance . The Cameleon feels that other creatures like itself may be drawn to the object and he wants to eliminate them as possible competition.The story of the Changling is told in a fascinating manner through decades where he is a man then a shark then a man again , then sometimes a woman or an object.The story builds to a showdown between the two creatures , the object and the scientists who are studying it . My only problem with the book is that I felt the author rushed the ending as a matter of fact I had 4 pages left and was thinking there will be a sequel but there was a kind of ending that made me feel that the author could have drawn it out more .
 Camouflage is a tight little romp by Joe Haldeman centering around two succinctly different but intertwined plots . The first and far inferior plot revolves around the unearthing and subsequent tinkering with a large inanimate alien artifact that does n't seem to do much . The artifact is in a makeshift lab in Samoa where numerous scientists are trying various experiments with little to no results or reaction by the said object . Unfortunately , despite the scientific thinking behind the different experiments , this subplot is tepid at best . The other and slightly more prevalent story line focuses on two separate immortal shape-shifting aliens who are roaming Earth . One is a sadistic war mongering killer always looking for the next challenge . The other -LRB- and more interesting -RRB- is a fish out of water -LRB- literally -RRB- trying to understand human behavior while searching for its origin and purpose.Haldeman 's focuses on the more tranquil of his creations and its growth and participation in events of the 20th century is fascinating . It 's subjective view of the human condition and how it learns to interact with humanity is both terrifying and tender at the same time . It 's ability to change into any form or person within certain time constraints is well utilized by Haldeman and provides for many smart and tense moments.I do n't think I 've ever thought this about a novel , but I actually believe this book would have been better as a more sweeping , detail filled epic sci-fi novel . 600 hundred page books are not really Haldeman 's fast pace `` airplane '' book style , but it might of really turned this otherwise well executed novel into `` one for the ages '' . This book was nominated for the 2005 Nebula Award but lost out to Jonathan Strange and Mr. Norrel and rightly so as that book was the epic and immersing novel this could have been.Bottom Line
 What are the odds that shape changing immortal from a distant planet is living among us ? Now double that and you have the foundation for Joe Haldeman 's novel Camouflage . They dwell among us , take our form , live out one life after another , and then move on . One kills at need and the other kills by need . One may take on any form and the other ; any human form . Russell Sutton , operator of a small specialist marine engineering firm is about to meet them both.Hired to raise a mysteriously dense , cigar shaped artifact from the depths of the Pacific Ocean , Russell unwittingly starts the chain of events that will draw both aliens into his sphere . The artifact is big news in the world of 2020 when it is floated to the surface and dragged up onto a beach in independent Samoa . It is obviously not of human origin . Too heavy to transport elsewhere , a laboratory is built up around it and Russell and his team set out to figure out not only what it is but who it might belong to . The aliens are two steps ahead of him.The multiple plot lines are straight forward , logical , and lead inevitably to a final confrontation between the titans that does not disappoint . The writing is smooth and the story flows easily from the short alternating chapters . By the end , a picture emerges of the good alien and the bad alien . The good one is like the boy who studies ants and plucks one or two from the hill for examination and the bad one is like the boy who stomps on the hill to watch the ants run around in panic . The good one ponders this thing called love . The bad one does not want to share planet Earth.A large portion of the book reads like a how-to-create-an-identity guide for wayward aliens . Other parts could serve well as a guide to human sex for aliens -LRB- the only kind neglected by the author was lesbian sex and no reason was offered for this oversight -RRB- . The science behind the aliens and the artifact is beyond the realm of physics as we humans know it and while I am always a bit disappointed by fantasy science , I still liked this story . I never really bonded with any of the characters though , and I found the romance between Russell , a middle aged science geek , and young twenty something women a bit fanciful , but then , they were aliens . All in all it is a good read and a book I can recommend without hesitation.Reviewed by Hugh Mannfield at stormbold.com
 Like much of science fiction , Haldeman 's `` Camouflage '' is really a reflection on human nature , using the eyes of an alien -LRB- actually , two different aliens -RRB- . There 's little here that requires an alien presence , it 's really just the MacGuffin to allow Haldeman to give an analysis of mankind over the time he 's been alive . Luckily , he does not fall into the trap of having the alien learn to do things - e.g. drive a car , shop at a mall , etc. . Haldeman instead concentrates on what it is to BE human , in a much more philosophical sense.The plot is basically window dressing to allow the alien -LRB- s -RRB- to observe human nature . Such as it is , however , it is quite interesting . In 1931 , the changling , who has lived as a shark and other sea creatures , ventures onto land to try living as a human . He kills a teenager and assumes his physical form . Because he 's never really observed humans before , and ca n't speak the language , it is concluded that he has suffered neurological damage and assigned to an asylum . As his observations progress , he learns more and more what it is to be human . This story is intercut with the discovery of an ancient and obviously alien artifact on the ocean floor , and the scientists ' efforts to study it -LRB- it 's secrets are not readily forthcoming , to say the least -RRB- . The changling passes through the years in a variety of guises , and eventually comes `` up-to-date '' and joins the same timeline as the scientists . We , the readers , know there is a connection between the changling and the artifact , but not exactly what.There is also a second alien , of a totally different species , on the prowl . Unlike the Changling , this creature is a sadistic monster who idolises such people as Auschwitz 's `` Dr. Death , '' Joseph Mengele . This character is clearly the weakest part of the book . What is this second alien doing on Earth ? Where did he come from ? It 's almost like Haldeman needed something to flesh out the story , so arbitrarily foisted another unrelated alien into it . Perhaps he meant it to be a counterpoint to the Changling , but he simply does n't develop the character enough to make it interesting or relevant to the story.However , it 's only on hindsight that you 're disappointed with the second alien 's contribution to the story . Overall it 's a well-paced , well-thought-out , and interesting read . At a slim 290 pages , and with 47 chapters in that space , you can imagine that the book moves at a good clip and is difficult to put down . It 's no `` Forever War , '' and may not have deserved the awards it 's won , but it is a very satisfying -LRB- if quick -RRB- read .
 This book was my introduction to the excellent science fiction of Joe Haldeman . It is not his best work , but I found it entertaining and interesting . My major disappointment was the insubstantial character development and the other tantalizing plot elements . I just wanted more of the same , particularly about `` the Chameleon '' and the world from which the Changeling came .
 Wow . Where does he come up with this stuff . The man is a literary genius . This was my first J.H. book and every since I just ca n't get enough . I intend to read every one of his books . I only regret that one day I will have read them all and then I 'll have to go back to Koontz and King and the like .
 Joe Haldeman is one of those authors that always entertains , but the question is
 Runner -LRB- 2005 -RRB- is the first SF novel in this series . It takes place at least a million years in the future , at a time when technology is slowly failing . The Techno Society has been trying to reestablish the star gate system to replace the failing AI starships , but are finding little support for their efforts.In this novel , Jak Rebo is an interstellar runner , riding the starships between planets to deliver messages and other items . He has just delivered a package to its addressee on Anafa and is resting between missions . Then another potential client asks him to visit that evening.Tra Lee is a ten year old boy . The Red Hat monks believe him to be the reincarnation of Nom Maa , a famous teacher who is destined to lead a great revival of their religion . Since he was two years old , Lee has been raised in the Red Hat monastery in Seros.Lanni Norr is a sensitive , a genetically altered variant of humanity who has psionic talents . She can see and hear spirits of the dead and can channel them to communicate with the living . However , channeling means being possessed by the spirit.Jevan Kane is an operative of the Techno Society . He was a favorite of Milos Lysander , a deceased scientist and former head of the Techno Society . Now the society is being run by Omar Tepho , a normal human who had been born with a spinal deformity and other defects . Kane is not one of his favorite people.Bo Hoggles is a heavy , a variant genetically modified for living in heavy-gravity . He is running from something , but keeps his secrets.In this story , the Red Hat Monastery in Seros needs to send Lee to CaCanth on Thara to be tested as the reincarnation of Nom Maa and to possibly to become the leader of their religion . The Black Hat sect has also sent a candidate to CaCanth . Unfortunately , the Black Hat monks contend that Lee is an impostor and are willing to kill him to prevent his arrival at CaCanth.The Red Hat monks want to hire Rebo to deliver Lee to CaCanth . Rebo meets the boy that evening and learns about the mission . Since he himself was born on Thara , Rebo is pleased that the mission would take him to his home planet . However , he has had bad experiences with delivering humans and is leery of repeating such occurrences.After talking to Lee , explaining his rules and listening to the boy 's responses , Rebo agrees to take the mission . He asks the monks provide a double for the boy to cover his departure . He also asks the monks to deliver him to the local runner headquarters in an unobtrusive way.Norr needs money to hide herself for a while . So she risks a public demonstration of her talents , charging a small fee . Unfortunately , she is possessed by the spirit of Lysander , who introduces himself and tries to recruit people into the society . When he manifests himself , a robot in the audience notes his identity and follows Norr after the performance.Kane leads an assault on the hostel previously entered by Norr , killing the landlord and others , but the sensitive is not there . She had a bad feeling and went elsewhere to spend the night . After learning of the killings , Norr decides to leave the planet and waits in disguise for the shuttle to land.This story brings Rebo , Lee and Norr together on the starship . Of course , their enemies also have agents on the ship . A Black Hat monk tries to kill Lee and two robots try to abduct Norr.After a while , Rebo and Norr become romantically inclined . The Black Hat monks are still trying to kill Lee . Kane follows the party , but is repeatedly unsuccessful in abducting Norr . Lysander eventually changes sides and begins to protect the sensitive from Kane.The plot is a form of quest to take Lee to his destination . Rebo has been hired to accompany Lee and Norr goes along in lieu of any other goal . Hoggles also becomes one of the party on the second starship.The tale is full of adventure and escapes . Of course , the party finally reaches CaCanth , but not without close calls . Enjoy!Highly recommended for Dietz fans and for anyone else who enjoys tales of adventurous quests , religious wisdom , and on/off romance.-Arthur W. Jordin
 In the distant future humans have traveled throughout the star systems using interstellar portals , but over time the technology became lost . Antiquated ships deliver cargo and passengers between planets , but are slow and no major inter-galaxy travel exists anymore . Runner Jak Rebo delivers a package that he carried for two years to a customer 's wealthy brother on planet Anafa , colonized over 10,000 years ago . Not long afterward , Brother Sua Qwa hires him to deliver a special golden child Tra Lee to the holy city of CaCanth on planet Thara where the lad will be proclaimed as the Norm Maa . Qwa warns the runner that a rival black hat sect has their own candidate and will try to assassinate the boy.Sensitive Lanni Norr reads individual energy fields that enable her to speak with the dead . During a performance , deceased scientist Milos Lysander using a metal man as his source tries to take over Lanni 's body . She manages to escape , but has to flee . Lanni and Jak meet when separate people try to harm them ; they unite while people chase after them and his cargo Tra Lee.Runner is an exciting thriller that sort of places Tibetan Buddhism in outer space at a time when civilization is imploding . The background comes alive as readers will believe they are at a time when earth is so distant a memory that the planet is considered by most as the mythos home world . Jak and Lanni are an interesting duo as they escort Tra Lee while another sect provides not only another heir contender , but attempts to kill the trio because they feel so strongly that they have the next Norma Maa . William Dietz is at his best with this strong science fiction tale.Harriet Klausner
 This is the first Dietz book i have read . I enjoyed the book very much . in reading some of the other reviews i can see the author writes another style of book that is a lot more `` bang , bang , bang '' style . I do not like that style.This story featured a very unique setting and i have learned that in Sci fi `` Setting '' is everything . often the world the story is set in is the most interesting element of the story . For example the world and music of `` blade runner '' is far more interesting than the story line.In the world of `` Runner '' , technology has decayed to the point that man can not even repair the ageing technology it uses , much less invent new tech . as a result only a few planets have electricity and transportation is on foot or animal . High rise buildings are vacant except the first five floors because that is how high it is acceptable to climb stairs.A Runner , Jak Rebo is employed to deliver a young monk to a nearby planet to see if he is the reincarnated leader of `` The Way '' . That is the whole premise and the rest of the book takes them on an adventure in this world of specially bred humans . of course there are bad guys trying to stop them.Jak encounters sentient AI space ships , `` heavys '' -LRB- hoggles -RRB- , `` sensitives '' -LRB- noor -RRB- , star gate seeds , bad guys -LRB- Kane -RRB- , ghosts -LRB- lysander -RRB- and a rude AI master computer named Logos . Funny thing is that logos is in the form of a ratty old overcoat.Now that combination of characters and events make for an entertaining read . If you are prepared to entertianed by a brave new world and interesting characters , you will enjoy `` Runner '' .
 A very entertaining read . This is the first book I 've read by the author , but just finished it and ordered the sequel . It 's a sci fi book that feels more like a fantasy quest novel . Likeable charactors to root for and lots of action . No complaints here , pure escapist fare . Will look forward to reading more by this author .
 As a long time reader of Sci-Fi , Fantasy , Adventure and Mystery , I was blown away by this story.The idea of a crumbling futuristic civilization sliding back into barbarism with all the different levels of entropy , Religious beliefs and all too real fighting over power and money made the story very believable.It is the first novel by William C. Dietz that read and upon finishing immediately started looking forother stories and found them!I am going to enjoy this story and it 's sequel `` Logos Run '' for many years to come and will be purchasing more of his works .
 This book reminds me of the Firefly miniseries . The setting was unique , including sentient starships and multi-layered cities across multiple planets . The characters were enjoyable , especially Lanni and her `` abilities '' . At same time they were credible and even fallible . Unlike your typical action hero , Jack wore `` spectacles '' and was self-doubting , not cynical as others have mentioned . Lanni was pleasant but not a gorgeous supermodel as you Hollywood would have written it , and even the arch villain Kane was believable , being cold hearted yet manifesting fear and other emotions in his efforts to redeem himself and climb the Techno Society 's corporate ladder . I thought the encounters , while recurring , were not clich&eacute; at all . The silver snake choker , attacking shuttle , Lanni 's attack on the `` intended location '' , the simulacrum , etc. kept the reader entertained and guessing . Yes I knew they would survive , but so what ? I 'm tired of the more popular dark novels where everyone the protagonist is attached to get 's butchered , ending up in a revenge novel with no redeeming value . Finally , I loved the ending where Lee got his chance to take on the true imposter , although I would have enjoyed a more elaborate Q&A process and more of a theological debate . I already bought the follow-up Logos Run on the popular auction site , picked up the first Legion of the Dammed book at my local half-priced books store , and finally ordered Prison Planet and Body Guard as well - all by Dietz .
 In the far future , mankind has spread throughout the galaxy , via a system of portals between star systems . Now their location has been forgotten , so mankind is reverting back to a state where magic becomes very important , and each star system is on its own . The little interstellar travel that is left is handled by a rapidly diminishing fleet of aging ships . Only the brave , the foolhardy or professional couriers called runners make such journeys.Jak Rebo 's mission is to deliver a young boy to a faraway planet , to find out for sure if he is a legitimate religious apostle -LRB- based on present-day Buddhism -RRB- . This religion has two sects , and members of the other sect have plenty of reason for wanting to make sure that Rebo and his human cargo never reach their destination.Things get more complicated when a female `` sensitive , '' -LRB- a clairvoyant and channeler -RRB- named Lanni Norr joins the group . With the reverting of mankind away from interstellar travel , science has been reduced to the level of a religious cult . Milos Lysander , the long-dead founder of the Techno Society , seems to have chosen Norr as his way to communicate with this world . The present-day members of the Society want Norr very much , because they think that Lysander has the secret to the location of the long-lost interstellar travel portals . If necessary , they are more than willing to kill anyone who gets in their way.First of a series , this one is very good . The author has written a number of military/action SF novels in the past , so he very much knows what he is doing . This novel does a fine job of keeping the reader 's interest .
 This book is set in a very distant future , several hundred thousand years away , when a much higher tech civilization , that spread to hundreds of worlds , has collapsed and given way to a relatively low-tech society . A small number of sentient AI ships still connect the different worlds , but they are gradually failing because the skills to build them , or even maintain the existing vessels , have died out . Rebo Jak , the lead , is a runner , a member of a guild that collects fees for transporting people or objects between worlds.The elements in this book are rather too cliched
 I have actually never read anything by this author until I picked up this book and I know wonder where he 's been hiding all these years ! This was a fun book , yes , a bit reminiscent of other sci-fi endeavors , but nevertheless a good story . The plot is sort of a cross between `` Logan 's Run '' and `` The Fugitive '' . It 's non-stop action as three people must flee from planet to planet in old , broken down spaceships running from a variety of bad guys who all want something different from our heroic trio . I like it . If Arthur C. Clarke had ever written such an action/chase novel , it would look like this ! -LRB- A higher compliment , I can not give ! -RRB- Naturally , if the bad guys catch them , the whole galaxy will be destroyed or ruined or forced to vote Republican or something like that . I never understood that whole mess anyway , but the point is that it 's HARD to write an entire novel about people being chased across different planets . You have to think of new planets , new bad guys , new ways to escape , etc. . But Dietz pulls it off and the book reads very well . I enjoyed it and highly recommend it . I also look forward to the ubiquitous sequel . Why ca n't anyone just write ONE novel anymore ?
 Science Fiction mixxed with a touch of fantasy lots of adventure and some new age and you have a story that has the feel of Star Wars without being so hockey . My first book by Dietz but it wo n't be my last .
 Bitter Waters , the third in the Ukiah Oregon series and sets up the story for the forth one . These books are better if read in order , otherwise you will end up confused . This is a good series , I liked every one of them and wish the author would write more of them . The relationships between the charactors is why I enjoyed this series as much as I did . Along with Hex there are knew protagonists in this book . I ca n't go into the story line w/o spoilers , so I will just tell you that the books are worth reading , and I liked them enough that I will get any other books that the author writes .
 I just finished Bitter Waters , the 3rd book in this series . I was captivated from the first page of the first book . I took a vacation day from work to continue reading .
 This was impossible to find locally , so I ended up reading it out of series order . When I finally did find it through Amazon , I was glad I did . It 's a solid and suspenseful story that really did n't suffer from the out of order reading . I hope the author continues this series further .
 A bit out there , I enjoy fantasy more then SF and the basis of this series is a bit difficult for me to believe , but the writer is so good , that I have read the entire series and found I could not put any of these books down ... A Great Read . . !
 Although the human race is unaware of it , there is a war going on between two rival groups of an alien race . The Ontongard infects humans and makes the species one of them , an individual cell in an organism . The pack aliens retain their individual identities while having access to the group memory . The pack wants to kill the Ontongard so they wo n't destroy the human race . Ukiah Oregon , half alien and half human is the only breeder on the planet and the Ontongard want him to create more of their kind.Oregon has a son who has been kidnapped . Ukiah , his friend Max , and the pack are doing all in their power to get him back but since the people who kidnapped him are human , they have to be very careful not to let any government official know about Kitt 's alien origins . To make matters even worse , the kidnappers are using Ontongard biological weapons , which means that people who do n't have any understanding of what they are doing are playing with something that could destroy the world.Wen Spencer has written an exciting science fiction thriller that stars a vulnerable and powerful hero who is impossible not to cherish . The war between the two alien factions feels real and believable in a Twilight Zone kind of way . The investigation of the kidnapping by aliens , Homeland Security , the FBI , the local Pittsburgh police and a human once possessed by the Ontongard is exciting to see unfold as each group has its own agenda . BITTER WATERS is a must read.Harriet Klausner
 Wen Spencer 's writing grows with each book . I got home yesterday after 8 days away to find my copy of Bitter Waters waiting for me . Finished it at 7 AM this morning . -LRB- Yawn ! -RRB- It is absolutely amazing to see how well her writing improved from Alien Taste -LRB- pretty darn good -RRB- to Tainted Trail -LRB- yep , not a one book wonder -RRB- to Bitter Waters . This is a mature writer working here ! And she 's still eligible for the John W. Campbell Award in 2003 for Best New Writer !!! She ought to win hands-down . The ability Wen have manifested to climb into the heads of some very strange people -LRB- like Rennie , or even _ Hex _ -RRB- is terrific . Few SF writers write believable aliens , fewer still write believable human interactions with aliens from the alien point of view.Bravo!Buy this book . Better yet , buy Alien Taste and Tainted Trail and lose a weekend reading them all in sequence ...
 BITTER WATERS by Wen Spencer manages to pull off the difficult task of being a series novel that stands on its own . I came across BITTER WATERS by accident and fell in love with it -- enough so that I special ordered the first two Ukiah Oregon books to read them all in order.Briefly , Ukiah and his private invesitgator partner , Max Bennett are just back from Oregon -LRB- Minutes out of the airport back -RRB- when the police call them in on a missing child case . Ukiah , an alien hybred , manages to locate the missing child only to find that other children have turned up missing -- and his enemy , the very alien Ontongard , seems to be involved . Then his son/clone Kittaning is kidnapped , a Homeland Security agent turns up investigating a cybercult and everything gets skewed sideways.It is a difficult feat to write mystery/suspense stories in a science fiction setting but Wen Spencer pulls it off , in large part because her story is deeply rooted in our own familiar world and set only months into the future . Add to that well written characters and you have great story telling.THough I read BITTER WATERS first , I do reccomend that you read all three Ukiah Oregon books in order so you get his full story in proper detail . Each book stands alone , but together they form a compelling story . I 'm looking forward to the next one .
 In this third book in the series , Ukiah Oregon is still reeling from his discovery about his alien origins and from his son 's creation , and he finds himself put to the test when he becomes involved in searching for some missing children . His reputation as the Wolf Boy continues to make his life and his detective partner Max 's life a challenge , and a government agent is suspicious about their connection to a strange cult . Luckily Ukiah 's lesbian caretakers also take care of his son , so he can focus on his job . Before Ukiah can investigate this connection himself , his son is abducted and his hunting powers are put to the test . Joined by his girlfriend Indigo and his Pack brothers , Ukiah and Max try to elude the mysterious government agent and find Ukiah 's son before it 's too late . Although it 's rather heavy with plot elements , `` Bitter Waters '' is a captivating thriller with a variegated cast and starring one of the more intriguing characters in fiction .
 I just finished and ... WOW , it deserves more than 5 stars ! Wen Spencer has officially made my list of automatic `` must-have for the keeper-shelf '' authors . She weaves complex characters and intricate plot details to create a world that is at once wildly fantastic and utterly realistic . This series has it all
 I 've read all four of the Ukiah Oregon books , and have to disagree with the reviewer below that described plot inconsistencies . The order of the books are
 This is the third in a series of books featuring ` Ukiah Oregon , ' a ` wolf-boy ' who was found running feral with wolves by a pair of lesbians , who , after hiring a private eye to try and locate his family - and failing to do so - raised him as their own . This wolf-boy , Ukiah , is an interesting character in and of himself , but things get complicated fast in his world.In the first book , ` Alien Taste , ' and the second , ` Tainted Trail , ' we learn that Ukiah is in fact an alien hybrid of strange DNA , and for all intents and purposes , can not die -LRB- though parts of him that are cut , bled , or broken off tend to change into animal shapes and try to re-merge with him later when he wakes up . Ew . -RRB- Now a full partner with the PI who first tried to find him , Ukiah is asked to help on a missing children case , and has n't made much headway when his own ` child ' -LRB- actually a portion of himself that managed to form a human baby on its own -RRB- is stolen . The stakes rise , cultists appear - but could the hive-mind-mentality Ontonguard be involved as well?Well crafted , fun stuff , and light enough reading to be enjoyable on the bus . Thumbs up , in a mind-candy way . ` Nathan
 This was the first book by this author that I had read , and although I read it out of order for the series and was rather confused , I still enjoyed it immensely . One of the advertising blurbs said `` Do n't plan on getting anything else done if you start a Wen Spencer novel ; they are exceedingly hard to put down ! '' So true . I read it in one day and then went scrambling to get the other three in the series . My only regret is that now I have read them all and wish there were more . Definitely a keeper . Alien invaders , kidnapped babies , government agents , plenty of action and mystery .
 Spencer just gets better and better - This one is great ! The mystery is deeper and tangled ; the old favorite characters from the first two books come back , but we get to see new depths -LRB- to the Pack , to Max , to Max 's gun bunny girlfriend , even to Ukiah -RRB- . I really recommend this book!and you can tell the author knows the Pittsburgh area ! love the description of Bigelow Blvd and I-279 intersection !
 Bitter Water -LRB- 2003 -RRB- is the third SF novel in the Ukiah Oregon series , followingTainted Trail . The initial work in this sequence isAlien Taste.In the previous volume , Alicia and Rose had come to Oregon to do a geological survey . Then Rose sprained her ankle and Alicia went for a hike on her own . After she did not come back , Rose called the Sheriff and then Kraynak.Kraynak hired Max and Ukiah to find her . Ukiah asked Indigo to mind Kittanning and she agreed . So Ukiah dropped off Kittanning on the way to the airport.First they flew south to Houston and then north to Portland . There they took a commuter flight to Pendleton . Kraynak was airsick for the whole trip.In this novel , Ukiah Oregon is a young alien-human half breed . He has been killed at least twice and recovered from the condition . He is also the only breeder on Earth able to truly propagate his kind.Maxwell Bennett is a private detective . He was hired to discover Ukiah 's origins . Now they are partners in the private investigator business.Kraynak is a detective in the Pittsburgh Police Department . He and Max were military policemen in the same unit during the Gulf war . Since they were both from Pittsburgh , the friendship continued after the war.Alicia is the niece of Max 's friend Kraynak . She has known Ukiah since he started working for Max . She is slightly older than his official age.Indigo Zheng is an FBI special agent . She investigated the Janet Haze case and became Ukiah 's lover.Kittanning is an infant derived from a blood mouse of Ukiah . Kitt had been abducted by the Ontongard Gets -LRB- seeAlien Taste -RRB- . Ari Johnson is a Pittsburg policeman . He had helped Ukiah with baby supplies for Kittanning.Sam Killington is a private investigator in Pendleton , Oregon . She had divorced her former husband two years before , but has recently gotten a court order to keep him from stalking her.Rennie Shaw is a Get of Ukiah 's father Prime and the leader of the Dog Warriors . The Ontongard Gets have alien blood , but can not propagate their kind except by making other Gets.Grant Hutchinson is a Homeland Security agent . He has been interested in Max and Ukiah.In this story , Ukiah and Max receive a message in Houston about a missing child . After arriving in Pittsburg , they drive over to the missing boy 's house . The street is crowded with police and TV news vehicles.Ari meets them at their car and tells them the details . Four other children have been abducted within Pittsburg in the past two weeks . The police are wondering whether this disappearance is related to the previous cases.Ari also mentions that Hutchinson had interrogated him about Ukian and Max . He had shown Ari professional quality photos of both of them . He had also given Ari a card , which Ukiah memorized.Max fetches one of the boy 's blankets . He also says that the boy was known to disappear into strange places . Ukiah smells the boy 's scent and senses his DNA on a blanket.Ukiah follows the boy 's chase after a lost ball down the hillside and along a lower road . He loses the trail for a while , but regains it in a storm drain . The pipe is too small for him , but he creates a blood mouse and finds the boy inside the drain.Then the mouse gets washed downstream . Max and a policeman have found a manhole and Ukiah lowers himself into the drainpipe . It is slightly east of the other drainpipe , so he goes downstream to a larger pipe and heads west.He finds other smaller pipe that should lead to the boy . He finds the blood mouse just inside this pipe and the boy is only a little further away . The boy is wedged tight by the ball in his back , but slips loose when Ukian eases the ball away.The boy is alive and taken away in an ambulance . Ukian and Max drive back to the office . Ukiah sheds his clothes and scrubs off the storm draim stench while Max checks the phone messages.Ukian checks the refrigerator and finds everything covered in mold . But the freezer has ice cream bars . Max is still listening to the phone messages.Somebody has called five times and hung up on the answering machine and the caller ID matches a number on the Homeland Security agent 's card . The other messages are fairly routine . But the last call is from Sam , who is driving Kraynak Volkswagen van back to Pittsburg.Max sends Ukiah home to his moms . He finds Kittanning asleep in a crib and picks him up . Kitt wakes and calls him Daddy.The next day , Ukiah takes Kitt with him to the office . Ukiah answers the phone and talks to Hutchinson . The agent makes an appointment at four in the afternoon.Ukiah tells Max about the appointment . Max leaves to run errands , including checking up Kraynak and Alicia . Then Indigo walks into the office . She takes Ukiah upstairs to welcome him back to Pittsburg.Indigo is upset because of the abductions . They had just found another of the lost children . She has to go watch the autopsy later that day.Ukiah and Kitt go to the store for diapers and other wares . Rennie and other Pack members follow him into the store . They are buying food for a cookout at McConnell 's Mill . Besides , Rennie wanted to see Kitt , who he called his grandson.Hutchinson comes to the office an hour and a half early . He seems a bit hostile and makes some wrong assumptions . When Max returns , the agent tells them about a woman who joined a cult.Later , a man empties his pistol at Ukiah and abducts Kitt . Sam has finished a shower , but chases the getaway car through rush hour traffic until it turns off onto a busway . Ukiah is shocky , but recalls the man and the driver of the car.This tale involves Indigo in the case because of the kidnapping . Max gets a ransom note from the kidnappers . Ukiah leads Indigo to a good set of prints of the shooter.The hunt for Kitt leads to more complications . The next installment in this series isDog Warrior.Highly recommended for Spencer fans and anyone who enjoys tales of alien invasions , human cults , and a touch of romance . Read and enjoy ! - Arthur W. Jordin
 The Rosetta Codex is another excellent SF novel fron Richard Paul Russo . I was lucky enough to hear the author read from this new novel last week , and I was immediately interested in the story . As it turns out , I read the Rosetta Codex from cover to cover in one long sitting . He builds a very believable universe which in many ways reminds me of my favorite space opera and ` world builder ' science fiction novels from the old school of SF writers . I enjoyed the lead characters and I think the author could easily write another novel set in this universe given the interesting ideas unleashed in this one .
 The main character has a lot of veracity , and his thinking develops as he learns from his experiences . I felt I would have reacted similarly in the same situations , and could envision the varied environments in which the character finds himself . The end happens a bit quickly , and if the author had n't needed to resolve the question of `` what happens next ? '' he probably would have been better off devoting a whole book to the final sequences . As it is , he has set himself up for a sequel , and I 'd really like to see this world continue . Now I 'm interested in reading his other work .
 The Exile Prince heads to Conrad 's World with a filled hold and special passengers . A few hours before landing , three combat fighters attack the vessel . His father sends five year old Cale Alexandros accompanied by his nanny Sidonie in the Kestrel to the nearby planet with instructions to get to the only civilized spot Morningstar . However , the duo crash on Conrad 's World . Nomads find them and rape Sidonie and leave her to die . They turn Cale into a slave.A decade passes when Blackburn the trader enables Cale to escape with him to Morningstar where he meets Sidonie , who survived her desert ordeal . She takes him home to his wealthy family . However , Cale believes that Morningstar is built on top of an alien culture and has found an ancient tome with weird metallic pages containing strange writings that he found in the desert . His family and Sidonie want him to stay home and can not understand why Cale is obsessed with locating and entering the alien gate that his reference mentions unaware that friends are enemies planning to use him.THE ROSETTA CODEX is a very complex science fiction thriller from start to finish . Readers will enjoy journeying with Cale whose captivity along with the book he found shape his existence though that upsets his family . The story line is action-packed and the support cast is established to enhance the plot . However , this fine alien planet thriller belongs to Cale , whose enslavement has made him so different from his family that they can not comprehend his need to return to the place of horrors and believe he is a fool to want to ship out again . Richard Paul Russo provides a strong character-driven outer space adventure.Harriet Klausner
 Just finished reading this book and I have to say it was one of the most enjoyable sci-fi reads I 've had in a long time . Yes , it 's low-key , less on gadgets and more on world - and character-building , but I could not put it down . One of those books I looked forward to returning to again and again . The first half was more a coming-of-age tale , surreal in places , reminiscent of the early Dark Tower books by King . In the second half , everything comes together in a sort of pre-ordained destiny for the main character . The characters themselves were well-drawn , never stale , always interesting , and the many worlds and settings fascinating . The ending , I felt , was very satsifying . Russo 's style is steady , and consistently good , reminding me very much of the writing of Ben Bova , another favorite of mine . As this is my first Richard Paul Russo novel , I 'm looking forward to picking up another very soon .
 Raising two infants -LRB- two and a half year old Mathew and ten month old Maisie -RRB- is hard work , but Martha loves being a mother and wife to Michael though at times she covets the freedom that her sister Eliza enjoys . Thirty years old Eliza lives with Greg the musician in his flat , but envies her sibling as she wants marriage and children with a man whose vocabulary was a shade wider than that of her nephew.Eliza dumps Greg fleeing to her sister only to find Martha heartbroken because Michael has left her . After a weeping fit , both siblings agree they must enter the dating game though their goals vary ; Martha wants the F fling with no commitments while Eliza desires the marital thing with total commitments . Martha meets Jack who wants more from her while Eliza goes through a horde of men seeking her Mr. Perfect husband . Neither has found love not even comfort with the hunks they have bagged.LUST FOR LIFE uses humor and sex to somewhat mute the overall serious tone of the story line that focuses on what one desires in life and relationships that enhance or impede obtaining these aspirations . Martha and Eliza are fabulous sisters both yearning to a degree to have what the other possesses yet clearly love and care for one another . While the supporting male cast augments insight into the sisters , the complex relationship between Martha and Eliza keeps the tale from spinning into an inane chick lit throwaway as each sibling walks in the other 's moccasins.Harriet Klausner
 Accelerando begins in the not-too-distant future , and spins the tale of a family living during the techno-pseudo-rapture of humanity from physical form to digitized representations living in a Matrioshka brain . The conflict that develops between `` meat '' humans and `` post '' humans forms the basis for most of the story . What makes this unpalatable situation so frightening is that the steps leading to it each seem relatively benign and harmlessly logical.One striking aspect of this work is that it was the first bit of science fiction I 've read that actually left me feeling as though people living today could see the events described in the book unfold . While the malleable world available to silicon `` uploads '' certain sounds fun , there is also a dehumanizing element -- how can creatures `` born '' in a world where death is virtually impossible understand why it 's bad to harm physical entities ? What worth does a person have if any necessary physical posessions can be congealed out of smart goo/nanomachines at virtually no cost ? What value does one have in an information economy when your brain has a fraction of the computing power of your bedroom wall?My only minor gripe with the book is the ending is a bit abrupt , and did n't quite ring true to me . Still , the fascinating glimpse of a possible future and the enjoyable trip through the first few gigaseconds of post-singularity human history are enough to leave me very satisfied .
 Okay , so the novel began life as a series of short stories , this is obvious as you read through . There are sections of text that both explain the surroundings and historical situation at that moment as well as bridging together leaps of time and location . These seem intrusive and detracted from the overall flow of reading , but I ca n't deny that they were in needed to make sure you `` got it '' and were n't wondering/wandering how we got here . The core of the book for me were the truly original concepts of the future and our evolution , the hard core science part of the fiction , regarding the conversion of our solar environment to computational material and nano-transformational matter , and how we expand our sense and reach of self beyond our physical limits . This was great stuff . It was both the base atmosphere of this literary environment and a key to generating suprises and twists . Are we directing our own future or are our inventions directing it/us ? And if there are aliens , would n't they evolve this way as well ? The story kept me entranced and entertained AND started me thinking . And for me that is a good book .
 You will enjoy this book if you are a fan of speculative science fiction ; this one highlights technological singularity and how a few generations of a particular family tree are affected.It starts off with America badly in debt and with an on again off again relationship between Manfred and Pamela . Manfred is a globalist interested only in the ideas that will not only make the patent holders lots of money but also in advancing the pace of civilization . Pamela is dominatrix and control freak who works for the IRS . Manfred owes lots of money through convoluted speculation from the IRS that if Manfred stayed home -LRB- read
 All of the novels that I have read by Stross so far have shown an enormous amount of promise and verve . Accelerando lives up to all that promise , mostly because Stross has finally thrown any interest in conventional plot overboard . It is a heck of a wild-eyed ride , full of irrepressible ideas and fun . Uploaded lobsters and revolution through patenting -- when the writer has this much fun , it is almost impossible for the reader not to come along for the ride.The way that Stross uses the characters here is interesting . Although exceptional , the Macx clan is not heroic . The events of the book only weakly associate with their inner life , if at all . There 's no nice restorative structure which saves the universe as Amber overcomes her inner demons . The character arcs are more real and -LRB- to my mind -RRB- appropriately disconnected from history . Still , this aspect may be dislocating for people who would prefer a more traditional character-based structure.Highly recommended . Onward toGlasshouse .
 I gave Stross five stars despite a host of problems
 Accelerando by Charles Stross is the book you 've been waiting for , especially if you are a fan of Singularity theory.The Singularity is a theoretical point in the development of a scientific civilization at which technological progress accelerates into infinity or beyond prediction , a concept popularized by Vernor Vinge . This is believed to occur when artificial intelligence or intelligence enhancement is perfected . I 've read several sci-fi books that take place AFTER the Singularity , including Vinge 's Across Realtime . Usually from the viewpoint of the humans who were left behind by the crazy post-humans who fully embraced change . Accelerando is the first book I 've read that actually takes the reader THROUGH the Singularity and out the other side . A staggeringly ambitious novel , with a lot of terrific ideas . I highly recommend it , despite the fact I have n't quite finished it .
 This book will short circuit your geek meter
 Charles Stross combines cutting edge current tech with future technological speculation to illustrate how scientific progress will lead to the next human evolutionary step . Accelerando is a chillingly well-conceived view of a most probable future.Mr Stross takes the crown of future tech noir and post cyber punk with this book . I envy anyone just about to dive into Accelerando , Singularity Sky and the excellent ` sequels ' .
 A stunning collection of essays grouped together as a novel . Its origins show in the lack of character development but few books have me laughing out loud and blown away by the audacity of its ideas . Stross never disappoints !
 From the opening chapter , this book is jammed with speculation about where the accelerating advances in technology may be taking the human race -LRB- and other species ! -RRB- . The narrative and characters are engaging , but ultimately -LRB- for me -RRB- , what kept me burning through the book was Stross 's incredible imagination about the future . Many of these ideas seem destined to occur . Great book !
 Set in the near future , this group of related stories is about an Earth where technology has run rampant , and humanity 's inability to keep up.Computing power , and artificial intelligence , have passed the limits of human intellect . Nanotechnology is everywhere , reprogramming and replicating at will . Posthumans , with all sorts of biological implants , have rendered people extinct . Corporations have become alive and sentient . New resource allocation algorithms , collectively called Economics 2.0 , have replaced capitalism and communism.This book is about three generations of the same family . Manfred is a freelance broker in intelligence amplification technology in a world where everyone must be 30 seconds ahead of everyone else . Years later , his teenage daughter , Amber , signs up as an indentured astronaut on the first exploration ship heading to Jupiter . It is to get away from a domineering mother who insists that Amber have a `` normal '' life on Earth . Her son , Sirhan , finds his destiny intertwined with all of humanity . Along the way , most of the planets in the solar system are systematically taken apart by various sorts of mini-robots and nanomachines . There is also a multi-year journey to a specific brown dwarf star a long way away . Building a ship with sufficient life support for people , and propelling it at any reasonable portion of the speed of light is not possible . Therefore , the `` passengers '' have been uploaded into a nanocomputer the size of a Coke can , and that is sent to the stars.I thoroughly loved this novel . Cyberpunk fans will also love it . It does a fine job at the near future speculation , it 's cool , it 's high tech , and it 's got a good story . What else does a reader need ?
 A fix-up novel examining humanity 's ever-increasing technological development throughout the 21st century and beyond , culminating in the conversion of most of the mass of the solar system into `` computronium '' . Three generations of the Macx family live through these changes and try to survive the Singularity and the actions of humanity 's AI descendants.The concept of the technological Singularity has been used in a lot of stories in the past decade , but Accelerando is the most complete look at how it could happen and what the effects could be . It starts out in the 2010 's with Manfred Macx just starting to utilize always-networked wearable computers and software agents that become primitive extensions of himself and quickly moves on to a point where most of a person 's personality may not reside in their physical body at all . The technological extrapolation is fascinating and technological change is portrayed as something moving forward almost with a life of its own that will drastically change the lives of everyone who survives it , but also shows that most of humanity may not survive the changes.The book is probably not for everybody though . It seems to be specifically aimed at a techno-geek audience . If you do n't already have some idea of what computronium is before reading the book , you are likely to end up lost and overwhelmed with all the concepts being thrown around . It is very much a book of concepts without much character development and a plot that still strongly shows its origins as individual stories . If you have some background in technology and recent hard SF concepts this is a must-read book .
 I believe Cory Doctorow said it best when he said something like ` makes hallucinogens obsolete ' This book is brain meltingly lovely . Instead of being sci fi to inspire the dreams of yesterday -LRB- which seems to be so much of what 's out there -RRB- , Stross creates sci fi that is truly future speculative -LRB- not predictive , just mentally inflammatory in the best possible way -RRB- . Do n't get me wrong , this book has it 's flaws , and there are bumps in the narrative . However , they 're totally forgivable , as Accelerando takes you along for a ride that is both outlandish beyond belief , and all too believable .
 I 've read most of Stross ' work , and enjoyed it all . This book was a roller coaster of ideas , using the history of a key family to pull the reader along . Was it complicated ? Yes . Was it very technical ? Yes . But that 's all part of the fun . I really enjoyed this book , and found the future history it proposes frighteningly believable and just around the corner.As for it becoming dated and irrelevent too soon - I just re-read the E.E.Doc Smith Lensmen series , where space ships were controlled by teams of people doing calculations -LRB- no computers -RRB- , but that dated content did n't make the series any less enjoyable .
 While characterization and plot is somewhat lacking , it is no worse in those respects than many other hard SF books . Accelerando is THE most realistic novel of the human/transhuman/posthuman transition I have yet encountered . Its history as short stories brought together shows in the structure , but I think that is possibly the best way he could have shown such a difficult and complex issue .
 Accelerenado is a nice read . Even though we kind of heardabout the road to the singularity before -LRB- e.g. Ray Kurzweil -RRB- : One day in this century , machines will have more processingpower than human brains - and that will make for a completelynew society . The singularity.In Charles Stross ' words
 Accelerando is an entertaining collection of loosely related anecdotes spanning a time that covers both the near future and the post-singularity world . Stross seems to be more interested in showing off how many geeky pieces of knowledge he has and how many witty one-liners he can produce than he is in producing a great plot or a big new vision . I expect that people who are n't hackers or extropians will sometimes be confused by some of his more obscure references -LRB- e.g. when he assumes you know how a third-party compiler defeats the Thompson hack -RRB- . He sometimes tries too hard to show off his knowledge , such as when he says `` solving the calculation problem '' causes `` screams from the Chicago School '' - this seems to show he confuses the Chicago School with the Austrian School . He says that in the farther parts of the solar systemMost people huddle close to the hub , for comfort and warmth and low latency
 The science-fiction is excellent . It 's not just technology-oriented science . In fact , I would say the `` science '' focus is economic . And Stross truly understands the potential impacts of advanced science and technology on economics . However , the storyline is not tied well together and the book seems to have little point with regard to a complete story . Instead , it seems to be `` printed streams of conscious '' on the part of the author . So from the perspective of a `` story '' , I think many will be disappointed . However , I give it 4 stars for it 's hard look at a potential future of humanity , for it 's thought-provoking nature regarding uncommon technology and economic visions , and it 's combination of hard technology-fiction and economic-fiction .
 `` Accelerando '' will surely please many fans of William Gibson , Neal Stephenson and Bruce Sterling despite its flaws of which some are quite noteworthy . Stross ' novel works best as a novel of ideas , depicting the ascent of humanity into a `` posthuman '' late 21st Century future as seen through the eyes of Manfred Macx and two generations of his descendants . His is an apocalyptic vision of artificial intelligence progressing so rapidly that sentient hive minds reconfigure the inner Solar System to suit their needs , forcing humanity 's exodus to distant Saturn . Stross relentlessly pulls the reader into that vision , his tale told vividly in a fast paced style , quite dizzy at times , rarely pausing for a brief moment . And yet his tale is one replete with flaws , lacking the literary eloquence I 've expected from the likes of William Gibson and Bruce Sterling respectively , in their early novels `` Neuromancer '' and `` Schisimatrix '' . Another glaring flaw is Stross ' unexpected recycling of `` Star Trek '' concepts like `` Borg '' and `` Borgified '' , which detracts from his unique , unrelenting vision of an artificial intelligence-dominated `` posthuman '' future . While `` Accelerando '' is a rough diamond , not a polished gem , of a novel , it remains one that will captivate some unfamiliar with Stross ' work as well as those who are his most devoted fans .
 Having read Stross ' Halting State already this year , I kind of knew what to expect - high lingo density with tenacity for accurate futurology . Accelerando starts -LRB- Part 1 , Scenes 1-3 -RRB- in a future much like Halting State , actually - rich in tech , internet connectivity and hardware interface . A few years down the line -LRB- Part 2 , scenes 4-6 -RRB- and we experience the plot around Jupiter and a little bit beyond with a wave of socioeconomic change , the approach of the ` singularity , ' and an unyielding torrent of new technologies . For the finale -LRB- Part 3 , scenes 7-9 -RRB- we 're confronting a reality which makes little sense to us upright monkeys
 First , I think many of those giving low marks on this book would give higher marks and have more interest if they had read something like Ray Kurzweil 's `` The Singularity is Near '' . There may be better books on the topic , but Kurzweil 's explains the idea of a Singularity , many of the expected effects , and the path it will take along with why it will take certain paths . If you have some background on the idea of a Singularity -LRB- even if you do n't agree -RRB- Accelerando is much more interesting , and understandable as a work of fiction . It will no longer seem choppy and lacking in depth , the reverse actually.Now if you have only read of the Singularity in serious works , this book is a breath of fresh air as an example of what could happen one day in the future . This becomes a highly entertaining enjoyable read . While a bit long it just pulls you along each step of the way almost like a good Dean Koontz book.I would have given it 4.5 stars if available as I felt suddenly cheated at the very end by how the story just rather stopped . Like the author could n't come up with a more creative ending . To criticize Mr. Stross ' creativity considering the rest of the book however is rather foolish . So I will just say the ending he chose did n't satisfy me .
 This book consists of episodes during three generations of the Macx family . During those three generations , the human race is superceded by artificial intelligences , -LRB- referred to collectively by humanity as ` The Vile Offspring ' -RRB- . Surviving humanity leaves the Solar System to the AI 's by the end of the book and lives a nanotech derived existence near a brown dwarf star elsewhere.Uploads to cyberspace and back to realspace are commonplace , death is temporary when backups are taken into account.Stross paints a dystopic picture of a universe where humanity comes to exist on the fringes outside of a greater uncaring civilisation of AI 's that exists in what used to be the Solar System . Identity is something of a variable . People can split off copies of themselves and reintegrate them later by the end of the book.People are still recognisable as people except that they can operate in a greater variety of modes . They know more but are n't any smarter than they are now.Whatever faults the book has , it does give the reader a lot to think about and I 'll be reading the sequel some time in the future , although I doubt that the human race will take the course mapped out by this book , if only because the aliens are n't likely to be there .
 I 've been discovering Stross ' novels in highly non-chronological order . `` Singularity sky '' impressed the * beep * out of me with its combination of imagination and humor , and some of his other novels have also been very enjoyable.But THIS one ... this one goes a little beyond mere enjoyment.SF writers are actually notoriously bad at accurately predicting the future . The danger is in extrapolating trends - `` extrapolating '' is roughly the same as `` getting it wrong '' . So , no Soylent Green -LRB- `` Make room , make room '' -RRB- , no eco-catastrophe -LRB- lots of novels from the 60s -RRB- , etc.Knowing that , an author has to work pretty hard to make us suspend our disbelief . Suspension of disbelief is not the same as hanging it by the neck until it 's dead ! Stross manages this so well in `` Accelerando '' it 's frightening . He makes the impact on technology on human society , identity and consciousness totally believable . Of COURSE our consciousness is going to be decentralized , split between bits still running in the old wetware and bits running as external agents on other platforms . Of COURSE there 's going to be a Singularity -LRB- and this is the most believable one I 've read about yet -RRB- . And of COURSE there 's a perfectly societal response to all that.The characters are still recognizably human , but sometimes just barely . One particularly well-written passage has one of the main characters lose his external computer support -LRB- disguised as a pair of specs -RRB- through which he was running many of his supplementary agents and programs . He is like a man with brain damage after that . He can still function , but his thought processes are . . alien to us.Stross is also very fond of casually tossing HUGE concepts into half a sentence during a conversation . I kept cracking up at his mention of what were essentially self-aware financial instruments - your options are coming to GET you!This is a wonderful book . Dazzling , captivating , occasionally very funny and just a damn good read . Highly recommended . Hugo Award next year .
 Charles Stross has written expansively on the concept of the Vingean Singularity , where the rate of technological advance increases so rapidly that the future can not be foreseen . In Accelerando he charts the course of three generations of the Macx family before during and after the singularity.The novel was originally a series of self contained short stories and is very episodic . As such , there is a series of events that are all resolved within the same chapter only to come unravelled at the start of the next . However , all the smaller story elements fit into a greater arc chronicling humanity 's rapid rise , obsolescence and recovery.Stross 's writing is excellent , although computer literacy is a must . Indeed , this is n't an easy read but it is quite a ride and well recommended .
 Accelerando -LRB- 2005 -RRB- is a standalone SF novel . It is set in the near future during the meltdown of nation states and capitalism . The EU has self-disorganized into the European Confederacy and the United States is almost bankrupt . And the underground economy is taking over the world.In this novel , Manfred Macx is a genius who is patenting lots of primal ideas and assigning the rights to several Free Foundations and variously selected beneficiaries . He gets free passes and other nonmonetary compensation from these astounded recipients , thus has little need for cash . Manfred has an ongoing sexual affair with Pamela , an IRS entrepreneur who constantly reminds him of his estimated tax arrears.Pamela traps him into getting her pregnant and then forces him to marry her . Manfred is reasonably satisfied with the arrangement except for the arguments about their frozen female embryo . Three years after their marriage , Mandred is on the run while his divorce is being processed.Manfred is harassed by Alan Glashwiecz , who has been retained to pursue Pamela 's interests in the divorce . However , he also encounters Annette -- a representative of Arianespace -- whom he had previously met three year before . Annette breaks his preoccupation with Pamela by seducing him in her apartment.In this story , Amber is his daughter , who eventually gets thawed and birthed . She gets her first neural implants at the age of three and finds herself able to function in the adult world . Yet Pam does n't consider Amber worth consulting on her life and raises her to be independent of her neural auxiliaries . So Pam runs away at the age of twelve.Sirhan is the son of Amber -- the one in Jupiter orbit -- who grows up to be a historian . He legally seizes his mothers assets and drives her into bankruptcy . Then the other Amber -- the one on the interstellar voyage -- returns to find that she has become a party to the lawsuit.This story reads like William Gibson on Angel Dust . The story starts out strange and gets even wilder . Of course , the Singularity has something to do with it.This story took the author five years to write . One suspects that he had to take time out to let his brain cool . Enjoy!Recommended for Stross fans and for anyone else who enjoys tales of the coming Singularity , expansion into space , and interstellar aliens.-Arthur W. Jordin
 -LSB- This review was first written on my web site . Amazon does not allow URLs to be embedded , but if you google on gordon 's notes you can probably find the online version -- that one has lots of fun links to explore . -RSB- Charles Stross is a former pharmacist , former programmer and journalist , certified geek , and current full time writer . Most people would tag him as ` science fiction ' writer . From what I 've read of his journals , and especially his books , he 's terribly bright and very imaginative.Accelerando is one of his commercially successful books -LRB- scan it for free before you buy at accelerando.org -RRB- . The amateur Amazon reviews are well done -LRB- one of the two ` professional ' reviews is by someone who did n't read the book -RRB- ; I ca n't add much to them . The book does not fully succeed as a novel -- it was published as a series of short stories and it does n't hang together all that well . There are some annoying plot holes -LRB- no security on the goggles ? Did one of the lead characters flee to alpha centauri or commit suicide ? Why is Pierre asking what happened - he was there ?! -RRB- , some dangling and overly fluid characters , and too many annoying synopses of ` what went before ' . The writing itself is professional , and that 's no mean trick , but the work would have needed a harsher editor and a complete rewrite to fly as a novel.That 's ok , because it 's really a series of speculative essays disguised as a novel -- and the thinking is deep and creative . I thought I was being a bit whacky when I blogged about the spanish inquisition as a corporation , and the emergent sentience of corporations in the ecosystem of economic interactions , but Stross goes much , much further . He plays with the idea that at some point the relationship between finance wizard and financial instrument might be inverted , so that souls would be traded by sentient financial instruments . That 's not bad ; I can just about see how it might happen ... The embedded essay I most enjoyed reading , however , is on one of my all-time favorite topics -- the Fermi Paradox . This is one of those conumdrums that bothers a very few people a great deal and is irrelevant to most of humanity.In short , we ought by all rights , to be overrun by little green beings . The puzzle is that we appear to have much of the galaxy to ourselves . To the Fermi fan-boys this is the biggest question around , to which matters of theology or epistemology are merely academic.The answer to the Fermi Paradox is most often expressed in the terms of the Drake Equation . The best bet is that something utterly inevitable ends all technological civilizations like our own in well under a thousand years . The most popular candidate for an `` inevitable fate '' over the past 23 years has been the Singularity -LRB- Greg Bear 's 1982 short story ` Blood Music ' is the earliest version of the Singularity theory I know of , Vernor Vinge developed the ideas extensively in the early 1990s . -RRB- Stross takes these ideas and pushes the boundaries . Why might a post-singular entity find travel unappealing ? Why would it be hard for entities like us to live near such a beast -- even if it did n't spend any time thinking about us?Reading Stross is like having an extremely bright and free thinking fellow over for a beer -LRB- or something , these UK writers seem fond of a range of substances -RRB- . He tracks all over the place , the narrative does n't always hang together , but it 's a heck of a lot of fun -- and where else can a geek get his Fermi fix ?
 Charles Stross has managed to generate an excellent reputation in science fiction in a very short amount of time -LRB- note his * three * Hugo nominations in a single year , which is a nice trick for anyone to pull off -RRB- . And while Stross ' work to this point has justified the growing reputation , Accelerando is the clincher -- a three-generation-spanning explosion of ideas about future of humanity that 's just mindblowingly fun . Stross starts the reader in the very near future -- the shallow end of the pool , as it were . But things get deep fast as Stross extropolates technology accelerating at blinding speed and humanity -LRB- and , well , others -RRB- doing its damnedest to keep pace.What 's nice about Stross ' writing is that even as the ideas get wild , the writing stays grounded ; it does n't hurt to be a hard-core futurist when reading this book , but it 's not absolutely required . What * is * required is a willingness to let the top of your head get screwed off while Stross pours in several gallons of wild speculation . If you can handle that , you 're going to be in for a treat . Acclerando is one of the books the rest of the genre will calibrate from.Will this book deliver yet another Hugo nomination for Stross ? It 'd be a shame if it did n't .
 Accelerando is a mind-blowing , thought-provoking collection of novellas that are tied together into one giant novel that takes the reader from an evolutionary and almost recognizable future to a revolutionary and bizarre one . Stross shows a masterful ability to wield his impressive knowledge of computing technology and other intellectual disciplines without boring those readers who are n't technofreaks or social scientists . It is one of those rare novels that manages to be simultaneously educational and entertaining.The prose can be intentionally in-your-face at times , but the contrast of this occasional brutality with the delicate intricacies of Stross 's wide-ranging vision only makes Accelerando all the more intriguing.Along with Neal Stephenson , Charles Stross is one of the finest and most exciting SF authors writing today .
 I recommend this book . It 's accessible , but Stross respects his readers enough that he does n't write to the lowest common denominator . I found the first half of the book absolutely fascinating - I could n't put it down and I was glad for the five hours on the plane to grant me uninterrupted reading . Many challenging conceptual extensions of today 's bleeding edge - a real pleasure . The next 30 % of the book was a long setup for the last few pages , and I did n't enjoy the same sense of discovery as in the first half . Frankly , the last 10 % was a real challenge to finish , but the payoff is worth it .
 How much you love Act 1 really depends on your political philosophy.Basically , in Act 1 , Stross postulates an economy where your wealth depends on how much you give to others and create value for others . It was insightful and interesting , but utterly fails in two aspects
 I had read Singularity Sky a while back . Not bad , but not great either , IMHO , so I ignored Stross for a few years.On a whim , because I had heard so much about it , I paged through the start of Accelerando at the library . And ended up checking it out right away . Part 1 reads like a punky , sassy Bruce Sterling , updated to reflect 2005 tech culture and memes . With memorable characters like the despicable IRS dominatrix and the AI cat . Got ta also love a book that openly criticizes the likely impact of us boomers ' entitlement programs on near-future economies.Once the Singularity gets truly and well underway , in parts 2 and 3 , Accelerando becomes a bit less gripping . Partly because the big-picture techiness is explained more directly and repetitively , rather than inferred from the story . Partly because some things are n't developed very well . For example , what they find in the big cosmic router in the sky was confusing and somewhat of a letdown after all the buildup . I loved Field Circus ' imaginative take on interstellar travel though.Nevertheless , the book remains highly readable , has a nice conclusion and some truly interesting ideas . Like , postulating that super-high-tech civilizations will descend into parochial isolationism rather than explore their surroundings . Not sure I buy all of that , but it is logical and well explained . And I appreciate Accelerando 's relentless optimism about the future , which is in refreshing contrast to all the copycat dystopian SF out there .
 Charles Stross 's Accelerando expands upon his award-winning short story cycle and focuses on radical changes which are affecting the very nature of mankind - and the latest generation of the Macx clan , who have struggled to survive in an accelerated world which changes daily due to molecular nanotechnology . An entrepreneur and his children face dangers from space in something which is systematically dismantling the solar system . Strong characterization brings a complex , absorbing world to life .
 For me this is Charles Stross 's best book . In a sense though its not a complete book , more a collection of short stories , keeping most of the same characters , at different moments of the future . That 's is strength for me , because each story is quite strong and deals with a specific theme , but I can see that others would n't like that.Another attraction is wish fulfillment . If the future was like this , I 'd be happy :-RRB- It 's a bit like Bank 's Culture novels and wanting to live there - not that this book is anything like the Culture - it 's humanity 's journey from now to ` post-singularity ' . If you want some fascinating speculation on what life will be like for us in the technological future I have to really recommend this . There is n't another book quite like it .
 A good fantasy romp , about where tech . addiction may lead to world where people are redundant . An engaging read , will keep you interested from start to finish .
 Charlie Stross delivers a roiling book that feverishly explores a possible history for 21st century , and what it means to be human throughout those events . The book is actually a collection of nine short stories , loosely assembled around three generations of the Maxx family . While it 's definitely not for everyone -LRB- significant technical background is a real help here -RRB- , I found it to be brilliant and hilarious.I have an ongoing debate with my friends about at what point the book becomes patently absurd . Everyone has their own answer , and they range from the first to the last chapter . Enjoy the ride !
 I read this book a couple years ago and it stands as one of the greatest sci fi novels that I have ever read . This is the first book I read by Stross and led me to read many others . For me this one stands apart . It takes you on a technological juggernaut that leaves your brain pressed back against the occipital ridge . Obviously , the acceleration has left some readers confused and disoriented . But if you are a true fan of sci fi , then this book is for you .
 I have been a fan of the authour since reading Singularity Sky some years ago . I would consider the work to be Mr Stross ' finest , full of some very original ideas
 I enjoy Stross ' style , but the novel seems disjointed . The novel loses its way as the story moves away from Earth , in its second section . Accelerando 's first section could be a novel in its own right.This book is creative commons and freely and legally available elsewhere online .
 this book is ever so many kinds of awesome that i would not stop reading it for more than two hours at a time . the characters are deeply thought-out and the storyline endures a thousand years . the technical concepts are intricate and well-used . this is the first book by charles stross that i have read and i do hope it will be not the last .
 I have rarely read a book with such a broad plot horizon -LRB- spaning time and space across the whole universe -RRB- , with such a dazzling imagination -LRB- fed by the latest and greatest bleeding edge of science and science fiction -RRB- , and with such deep implications for the whole of humanity.Therefore , without any hesitation I will give Accelerando -LRB- Singularity -RRB- 10 out of 10
 The reader is warned in the title -- this book is about acceleration . Acceleration in the rate of change in society itself ; to the point where absolutely nothing is static and it becomes impossible to meaningfully participate in the economy without becoming more of a computer than a human . Interesting stuff . Somewhere I picked up the observation that you can not discern an exponential progression until only a few steps before the end . For example , the algae that doubles every day until it fills the lake ; one day before the end half the lake is covered , two days before the end there is a quarter covered , but it takes weeks of patient multiplication before the last few eventful days . To understand this book , one needs to understand the concept of the singularity -- the point where available computing power becomes infinite . And , depending upon whose views one adopts , the intellect can be downloaded from the brain . We as a society , it is believed , are approaching the final crucial steps in an exponential progression in computing power ; the effects of such power are presently unknown , if not unknowable.Stross simply adopts the furious state of change as the style for his novel and embarks upon a remarkable extrapolation of the development of society . Our penchant for legal manuevering seems to be a favorite of his though it is hard to imagine that petty squabbling will survive into an era of infinite information processing . Economics 2.0 was an interesting idea , as was the necessity of planetary development . I do n't know if Stross lifted the idea of Matroshka brains -- computers that become infinitely and needlessly complex without goal or purpose -- but it was fascinating . -LRB- However , even if we have n't outgrown the f-word by now , ca n't we at least hope for an f-word free future ? -RRB- But Stross ' device comes at a cost in narrative understanding . My old unmodified brain could hardly keep up . One must be prepared for ideas flying fast and furious . But it was a good example of what hard science fiction can be and a worthwhile read .
 This is one of Charles Stross 's best books / Lot of grand ideas and long time frame . Very interesting and a very worthwhile read .
 I just finished reading the book for the 3rd time since it was released . I found the concept utterly fascinating and his world infinitely vast , intellectually and scientifically bright , stimulating and hip . Imagine taking Cory Doctorow , strapping him to a relativistic rocket and seeing what he looks like in a few hundred years of breakneck societal and technological change.Although the book suffers from a little `` Neal Stephenson ending '' -LRB- where the book is so powerful it becomes impossible to conclude it gracefully -RRB- and the character development slows down after the first few chapters , the unbelievable journey it takes you and humanity is worth the price of admission.It 's still on the bookshelf of novels I will read again . As a previous reviewer stated , resistance is futile .
 Another great novel on the singularity by Stross . If you liked Singularity Sky and Iron Sunrise , you 'll like Accelerando . Like his previous work , he 's a non-stop idea factory , turning out a new idea every few pages -LRB- although this slows down in the second half of the book -RRB- . But it 's not just ideas that are his strong suit , he follows through with the ramifications of a post-human civilization and what could become of it . Great story and interesting characters .
 Great story based on some of the latest scientific developments under way and the new possibilities they open.It is a fantastic weird story that touches into the uncomprehensible , but puts a seed into our minds that makes us question where are we heading with the new technologies and makes us see the inevitabillity of the great changes coming our way .
 This is n't deep-space laser battles between lantern-jawed swashbucklers and tentacled aliens , with a little nanotech and cybertech thrown in to modernize the story . This is n't your grandfather 's science fiction.Stross is on the bleeding edge of science fiction , considering the transformations of self , society , and consciousness that only a Vingeian technological Singularity could produce .
 From the first few pages Stross bombards his readers with a barrage of ideas . Stross puts the novel back in novel . This book is dense like star stuff with scientific extrapolation . From self-replicating limited liability corporations to quantum copiers to AI-enhanced post-humans able to make copies of themselves to intelligent planet-dwarfing gas clouds , Stross takes his readers on a wild ride that makes William Gibson look relaxed by comparison . Here 's one little taste : `` Welcome to the fourth decade -LSB- of the 21st century -RSB- . The thinking mass of the solar system now exceeds one MIPS per gram ; it 's still pretty dumb , but it 's not dumb all over ... Human cogitation provides about 10 to the 28th MIPS of the solar system 's brainpower . The real thinking is mostly done by a halo of a thousand trillion processors that surround the meat machines with a haze of computation -- individually a tenth as powerful as a human brain , collectively they 're ten-thousand times more powerful , and thei numbers are doubling every twenty million seconds ... although there 's still a long way to go before the solar system is fully awake . `` There 's a story here as well -- several of them , actually . It reads like a group of novelettes with common characters and threads winding throughout . I read three of the five 2006 Hugo nominees for best novel , and this one was definitely the most fun .
 This book was recommended to me by a co-worker . For the first half of the book I found myself somewhat disgusted by the way the author portrayed our future society and his obvious disdain for capitalism . I 'm glad stuck with it though because the second half got much better and there many provocative ideas presented . Much the book was challenging the idea of what it really means to be human but he never presents his take on the matter which was somewhat frustrating . I would say is worth the read .
 Stross ' main character Manfred Mancx has `` 6 ideas before breakfast '' and much the same could be said of the author , who throws and amazing variety of future-human and post-human ideas into the mix on this novelization of his short stories . The story is alternately a family drama , an adventure story and a space opera . The narrative does tend to fragment a bit at times , with abrupt juxtapositions between the former short stories and the futuristic geek-speak can be a little daunting , but when you 've got a robotic cat that has willed himself to obtain sentient consciousness , space-faring lobsters and the dismantling of the solar system , you have one heck of a yarn . Science Fiction fans unite , you have nothing to lose but your meat-bodies !
 This book is all about future shock and the accelerating pace of technology which reaches the point that humans are no longer equipped to deal with it . The book itself is so loaded with rapid fire ideas and technological spin-offs that it is in itself an example of its own subject matter . I have a technological background , but there was much here that I had to re-read several times to get the references , and still did n't get it all , I 'm sure . This is Science-Fiction which is about as close to the limit of how `` high bit rate '' it can become without becoming inaccesable to an audience at all.Like Finnegan 's Wake for techno-nerds , it almost needs annotations for the average reader to keep up with all the ideas it spins off - i.e. using sentient beings as currency , reducing the entire mass of the solar system to computronium , self-replicating 3-D printers , star travel as data downloads , and on and on , laced with lots of casual techno-speak , some of it newly minted here . Stross even manages an explanation for Fermi 's paradox -LRB- If there are advanced civilizations on other worlds , why have n't they come visiting ? -RRB- . People have complained that the characters are flat , and that is true , but this somehow fits with the subject matter . Human beings , such as ourselves , faced with such a constant barrage of future shock are likely to end up stunned and unable to keep up with the characters ' intellectual motivations . These people 's motivations are very complex as they react to their environment , and often their actions are related to technical issues we may not even understand . Thus it is natural that we do n't relate well emotionally to the characters . In this way , the book and its effect on the reader mirrors its subject matter , whether intentionally or otherwise.This book is an amazing achievement but also disturbing in its treatment of Vingean singularity . It makes you wonder if it is inevitable that humans become obsolete .
 On the dawn of the new millennium , technology has outpaced humanity 's ability to keep up with it . Implants plug humans into the internet at all times . Artificial Intelligences have become smarter than its creators and people upload themselves into the neural net leaving their bodies behind . People can replicate themselves and live on two different time tracks and the ability to contact alien species is just a heartbeat away.The three generations of the Macx clan have done their best to adjust to a brave new world . Manfred is working tirelessly to get the franchise for uploaded minds while his daughter Amber has sold herself into indentured servitude to get away from her mother who wants her to follow in her footsteps as an unaugmented human . Sirhan , the product of another Amber who did n't go through the wormhole has brought the family together from various incarnations to help them make the history museum on Saturn a reflection of the history of the humans . The Macx family also must find away to pull away from whatever is dismantling the solar system to create a Matrioshke brain that is clearly more brilliant than humans in all their various forms.This novel has appeared as short stories in Asimov 's Science Fiction magazine from 2001-2005 . Each story has been extended with its own chapter in a seamless plot . The individual members of the Macx family and those who came into their orbit show three generations of technological change and how it affects society . All three Macx characters are fully developed and have their own distinct personalities but when they come together they are a force to be reckoned with . Charles Stross has written the singular most explosive work of his career.Harriet Klausner
 This book is open source , it is freely downloadable on the web.There 's no reason to buy it on Amazon .
 WOW . What a blast . If you 're a fan of singularity theory , hard scifi , or bug-eyed `` holy f ` ing sh ** '' post-drug-like mental burnout , Accelerando is the book for you.In a series of what seem to have originally been anecdotal stories , now tenuously linked together into a single plot , Stross follows three generations of the Macx family , and covers pretty much every piece of amazing technological , scientific , and societal change you can imagine , with nigh-incomprehensibly geeky tidbits being thrown in every other sentence along the way . And the best part ? Perfect suspension of disbelief . His piece of fiction sold me on the singularity all by itself - it 's just so credible!The whole thing reads like his initial main character 's -LRB- Manfred Macx -RRB- stream of consciousness . Mind-blowing idea after head-hurting concept explodes through the pages like the information streams in the AI-populated depths of the Matrioshka brain his solar system becomes , and by the end I myself felt no small degree of future shock . This stuff is food for intelligence-amplified thought by the ` avabit ' . There are some plot twists , drama sequences , and amusing one-liners in there as well , for those who want some literary traits as well.Complaints are few , with the main two being that : a -RRB- the little explanatory `` welcome to decade the xth '' bits are n't quite integrated enough ; you almost at times get the impression that there are alternate possibilities for the same timeline being written about.b -RRB- By the end , it seems like things are going backwards . The characters who in earlier parts were the catalysts for the singularity seem to become technosocial conservatives , and it becomes hard to tell whether certain technologies have become so integral that he stops mentioning them , or whether the technologies have been cut back on or partially given up . The new human society at the end has apparently retrogressed , and the sudden reversal of trend causes some confusion.Overall , I wholehearedly recommend this book .
 When I first started reading the book , I was more than a bit put off by the over use of early 21st century in the first chapter , but I stuck with it ... and the rewards were worth it . Since reading Vinge , Bear , and Gibson , I have been very interested in the idea of uploading a personality and space exploration using uploaded avatars . Stross does a great job of exploring those notions . Even better was his conceptualization of post-human intelligences as limited liability corporations . This was a subtle but compelling idea in the story ... that our corporations would take over is a new idea ... The book is a lot of fun with interesting ideas , and I highly recommend it it you like `` cyberpunk '' types of science fiction . The ending did n't do much for me , but the middle was worth the trip .
 An excellent look at the next century from an author who not only believes in the singularity , but looks beyond to see where it will take us on all levels . Good hard science , but interesting characters too . It 's presented as a series of chapters which appear at first almost like a collection of short stories , but in reality they link together seamlessly . This almost put me off when I first saw the structure , but it works brilliantly , and allows him to cover a century in detailed chunks , without having to write a 15-novel saga.If you 've enjoyed other Stross novels , or other hard sci-fi writers like Alastair Reynolds , then you will love this book .
 Having read many of the Accelerando stories in Asimov magazine , I am anxiously awaiting their collection in this volume . From artificially intelligent lobsters to immortality to human transcendence , the dense strokes that Stross uses to draw out his stories and characters provide a strong futurist portrait of a fantastic -LRB- though somewhat plausible -RRB- humanity . If anyone can see past the Singularity , Stross is leading the crowd .
 This is a look at the human future thru nano technology.Battles fought here are somewhat corperate , instead of alien.Somewhat shallow , maybe because he covers so much in one book.There are many pages that make you say WOW , some that make you say ` what ? ' .
 Accelerado is an excellent book but not one of Stross 's best . For Fantasy adventure I recommend Merchant Prince series while Singularity Sky and Glasshouse are still his best SCI-FI works . I think it largely comes down to accessiblility . Accelerado is a very ambitious and discusses many ideas and concepts that are an excellent and unique view of the future but all the same very difficult to ` get your head around ' . If you have read the other Stross , this is a must read . Otherwise save this one for the end of your reading list .
 Wow . Mind blowing . Oh , and do n't get a cat . It may grow on you slowly at first , but stick with it , it is well worth it . This is the first book I can think of that had lobsters as characters , and I think that was where I first came across the author , in one of the Dozois Year 's Best anthologies , where one of the stories that were changed to make this novel was published . The evolution of humanity , society , economics and others via the impacts of technology.This is Neuromancer and Snow Crash good.Wow . Mind blowing . Oh , and do n't get a cat . It may grow on you slowly at first , but stick with it , it is well worth it . This is the first book I can think of that had lobsters as characters , and I think that was where I first came across the author , in one of the Dozois Year 's Best anthologies , where one of the stories that were changed to make this novel was published . The evolution of humanity , society , economics and others via the impacts of technology.This is Neuromancer and Snow Crash good.Accelerando
 At the time I wrote this review , Microsoft had just unveiled Vista . As they did they promised that never again would we have to wait five years for a Windows upgrade . I suspect that for everyone who viewed this promise with joy , at least one other viewed it with dread.And `` Accelerando '' deals with the joys and the dreads of runaway tech , as the aliens , `` The Vile Offspring , '' take over the solar system , start dismantling the planets , and turn it into a giant computer . Mr. Stross 's novel , actually a series of tales linked together in a generation-spanning way , starts out as cyberpunk in its first part , turns into a first-contact story in the middle , and in the end turns into a search for a new home . Each part contains three chapters , each one of which deals with a specific problem and ends up solving it -- if only after a fashion.Dazzling at times , showoffy at others , with ideas coming at the reader in rapidfire fashion , the book will either surprise you or annoy you -- or maybe it will do both .
 This book freed my mind man ! I 'm no longer constrained to the 21st or even 20th century mindset that holds back the rest of you . I have seen the future and I am riding its wave to bigger and better things.But it also alienated me from society . I can no longer have a conversation with untouched minds without receiving puzzled stares or forced smiles . I 'm a stranger in a strange land.Fear not . This conflict only serves to heighten my sense of responsibility . I will drag this spinning ball of meat and matter to its destiny sooner rather than later . And you will all thank me .
 Stross exponentially sumersaults the reader through a technological singularity . Concepts I found interesting
 Thoroughly enjoyed this book . The first half breaks out multiple cool new ideas per page , and that makes for a very interesting read . Recommended .
 This novel covers three generations of the Macx family , and how they cope with technological progress from the years just prior to the Singularity -LRB- for those who are unfamiliar with the term Singularity , it just refers to a time of extremely rapid technological development , actually feeding upon itself -RRB- to many decades post Singularity . This is really an amazing story that veteran writer Charles Stoss weaves here , mixing the human element in with a future that becomes more difficult to comprehend to mere humans , even ones augmented with mind enhancing devices . Along the way immortally becomes the norm , and transcending ones body is easily done . Non-human artificial intelligences far surpass human abilities , and non-terrestrial intelligences prove to be problematic.Overall , I found this book very well writen , and the ideas and issues presented by Stross will make a thinking person think more . However , I found this novel to be a bit too long and drawn out , and the parts about the computronium converting much of the solar system to more computronium a wee bit far-fetched ... as a limited amount of data input will require only a limited amount of processing power to analyze all possible aspects of the data . This is all minor criticisms of a great novel , do yourself a favor and read it .
 This is my first Stross book . It is a fun but disorienting ride . I like the breakdown of cyberpunk , first contact and finding home description below . That neatly sums it up.Yest there were hundreds of ideas thrown at you here and it can get a bit overwhelming but it is a marvelous ride and Mr. Stross makes it all sound so possible.I did n't give it 4 stars due to the ending . Humanitys apparent fate and that of a certain Aineko are on the one hand left subotimal -LRB- which may be our fate -RRB- and on the other hand unknown . I guess I just like tidy endings and we meatbodies coming out on top .
 Brilliant book . Grabs you , holds you , leaves you wanting more . Imagine Ray Kurzweil turning his ideas into sci-fi , and you 've got the idea of where this book is.Loved it . Will read it again and again .
 While characterization and plot is somewhat lacking , it is no worse in those respects than many other hard SF books . Accelerando is THE most realistic novel of the human/transhuman/posthuman transition I have yet encountered . Its history as short stories brought together shows in the structure , but I think that is possibly the best way he could have shown such a difficult and complex issue .
 I usually find that jargon or techno-babble in a science-fiction book puts me off . But here 's a case where the lingo actually gave the book its character and made it enjoyable.The story tells of several human generations who are influential during a time in the not-too-distant future when humans expand their consciousness through the use of computer technology . The tale is told in episodic form , so that at first one might think it was a loosely related series of short stories , but as it moves on , the relationship of the episodes becomes clear.Stross sees the world of the future in technical and economic terms and in the first part of the book follows a computer geek who sees his role as helping to reorganize society so that all of its members can take advantage of its huge productivity . One of the tools that that he uses is the embedding of human personality into computer memory . The world that he helps give birth to is known as Economics 1.0 . In the second part of the book , his daughter ventures far from the solar system in search of alien intelligence and in the finale the humans escape from the world they made into distant space.What drives the story is not the plot , but rather the continual reference to the computer technology . While I 'm certain you might enjoy the book if you knew nothing about how computers work , the more you understand about the innards and reasoning behind data processing the more you will be able to appreciate the tale . On the other hand , even though I consider myself quite familiar with technology , there were several events and characters whose significance I never quite understood because it was so buried in the technical language . Yet the jargon was so much fun that even though I knew I was missing something , I was absorbed by what I did see.Stross gives some neat , humorous and nasty twists to the tale , like the central character who happens to be a masochist -LRB- believe it or not , that 's not only funny , but sympathy inducing . -RRB- or the sarcastic cyber cat who is intimately involved in the story.Stross throws around grand ideas about what the future will look like that invite speculation , even as they seem a little unlikely , but he presents the possibilities in such a way that you never think that he 's wandered into fantasy.It was difficult to develop deep feelings for the characters , although the author certainly shows aspects of their internal lives , and I 'm not certain how many useful insights into our own lives or society he provided . Instead , he carefully constructed one possible future that he cleverly hung lots of technology on , so that the book was a great deal of fun to read .
 Writing style somewhat jerky . Tries to be too clever in places . No unity of time/place ... . But this is a story about a jerky , accelerating future , and I find it overcomes those handicaps and fairly rattles along , spewing out thought provoking ideas all over the shop . Recommended for Iain M. Banks , Vernor Vinge , and Greg Egan fans - perhaps not recommended for those who prefer their SF to verge on the techno-thriller .
 The only other writer I 've ever read who could fathom a post-singularity civilization was John C. Wright in his Golden Age trilogy . Stross is just gonzo-marvelous . Science and milieu take center stage in this novel . Not that I 'm against that , but the story 's characters were a bit flat . Especially Sirhan , the last generation of the Macx family at the center of the story . I find Stross 's idea concerning the Fermi paradox somewhat plausible , if a bit humanocentric . I do n't think he gives the aliens credit for being alien enough . After all , why should we expect aliens to undergo a singularity and convert their entire solar systems into seething giant computational intelligences just because humans might?Seeing the universe as a giant network , while refreshing to most humans , is still a rather human way to look at things . When you have a hammer , everything looks like a nail.In spite of these criticisms and ruminations , I absolutely loved the book and am very glad to have discovered this author , whom I now count among my favorites . This book really ignited my imagination and feel as though how I look at the world has been permanently altered a bit .
 ACCELERANDO -LRB- 2001-2004 -RRB- is actually a series of recently-published short stories , combined into a novel.It took me a few pages to come up to speed with the author 's writing style , which reminds me a lot of Harlan Ellison 's writing style . Once I got the hang of it , I started blasting through the pages quickly , it was easier to spot the numerous humorous passages , and was easier to keep track of the rapidly-changing technology -LRB- the main character from the first chapters uses the Internet to issue new patent applications and front companies at an expanding exponential rate , before his wife 's divorce lawyer starts suing his companies using a similar online ruse -RRB- . I 've got to give the author credit for attempting all these short-range predictions ... while most may come out looking silly in 15 years , it sure is fun to consider that even some of these technologies might be possible within the next few decades .
 This book was really awesome i liked it a bunch if you like this author you will love this book .
 A little long-winded , but entertaining enough to skip the middle part and read the end to see how it resolved .
 I 've always been a bit of a science fiction geek , in particular concerning cyberpunk and even more particular-er about the Singularity . So when I randomly came across this book which promised all of that and more , you can bet I was excited . Accelerando is told through the perspective of three consecutive members of the Macx clan . Except kind of not because older members keep coming back and influencing the narratives in other sections and the third generation , Sirhan , did n't really leave that great of an impressions with me.The first story follows Manfred Macx , living in the sort of near-future you could actually sort of imagine , especially now that Google Glass has become a thing . It was here that I first encountered the incredibly dense techno jargon . I consider myself to have a relatively good vocabulary but there were sometimes entire paragraphs where I was n't quite sure what was happening . If you do n't let that slow you down though , it 's a very enjoyable story about the lead up to the Singularity.The middle tale is told through Amber Macx , Manfred 's daughter , and in my opinion it 's probably the most compelling . By the time we get around to Amber the human race is starting to upload their minds into the clouds of nanocomputers that some of the inner Solar System planets have become . I found this section to be particularly interesting because it explored what would become of the human race once resources are infinite and stupidity is n't even a concept anymore . It 's also the section with a little less technobabble and a little more understandable story . Really good stuff here.Finally , we have Sirhan Macx , the son of Amber -LRB- real , meatspace Amber not uploaded , copied , forked section of existence Amber sent off into space on a thumbdrive -RRB- , and while this part is still compelling , I could n't help but feel like the tale had somehow run out of steam at this point . That 's sad , as some of the most interesting and exciting bits of post humanistic society are explored here . After humans are essentially banished from the inner Solar System by malevolent AI , we get to see humanity grapple with how to maintain their relevance against their own creations . We also get into how , in a society where everyone has infinite back ups of their minds in the cloud , and human bodies -LRB- or anything else -RRB- can be reproduced quickly and cheaply , those who choose to let themselves die are considered suicide cases , and murder is n't even a crime . I wish some more time could have been spent on this rather than on dealing with the threat of the `` Vile Offspring '' who never really were fully explained though perhaps that was the point.Overall , this is an excellent novel that I highly recommend to anyone interested in the Singularity , or just science fiction in general . I know I 'll definitely need to read it at least a few more times to get everything and to decipher more of the jargon . If you 're a science fiction fan , and have n't yet read this , then you 're definitely missing out .
 Yes , Miyazaki is mentioned . So is Dilbert and the lobster nerds reminded me of Dr. Zoidberg from Futurama.Accelerando is a romp through the 21st century and beyond . It is a rollercoaster ride through the Singularity and beyond into the world of post-humans . The story covers three generations from a very dysfunctional family -LRB- and friends -RRB- - an anarchist genius & cross dresser , his repellent and rapacious dominatrix/ex-wife , his kinky opera-rave-drugs-alcohol loving French girlfriend -LRB- perhaps the most `` normal '' person in the story ! -RRB- , the kindly and avuncular wealthy Italian communist politician , the wayward daughter who sells herself into slavery in a company set up by her dad and runs away to Jupiter to become a queen , her Islamic nerd boyfriend , her French boyfriend , her nerdy and prudish historian son and , of course , the arrogant , manipulative , swearing cat , Aineko -LRB- the real star of the novel -RRB- . I forgot to mention the star ship the size and shape of a coke can!At the start of the book we meet Manfred Macx , an anarchist entrepreneur who makes strangers he meets on the street rich with business plans he dreams up and then gives away on the spot . He does this with great skill , much to the annoyance of both the conservative capitalists in America and the communists and socialists in Europe ... Accelerando is a very full novel , it is almost overflowing with ideas and speculations . It does have some flaws , but none that interrupted my great pleasure in reading this book.The story also poses an interesting question
 I think I would have been better prepared to enjoy this book if I had known that it was originally published in serial form . In retrospect , it makes sense . Each section stands alone fairly well , but the sections only partially mesh as a whole . My favorite fiction has strong characters . In this format in particular , character development suffers.In Accelerando , humanity speeds to and through the Singularity -LRB- the post-human era often called `` the rapture for nerds '' -RRB- . The story follows three different generations of the Manx family through the centuries as serial protagonists . As a result , I had difficulty forming real attachment to any single character . Despite it 's depiction of the vast sweep of human future , this book is not likely to move you emotionally . It 's telling that the most memorable character in the book is the family 's AI cat.Really , though , the characters are secondary to the ideas . The ideas are so fantastic , and they come so frequently -LRB- about 1 new concept per paragraph through stretches of the book -RRB- , that the end result , while not compelling , is still plenty dazzling . So , if you read your SF for the ideas , I think you 'll enjoy this . If you prefer your SF as a vehicle to drive human character development , you should probably keep looking .
 Where Singularity Sky impressed , Accelerando amazes.Where previously Stross seemed to be exploring the post-Singularity world , here he takes the reader on a full-on ride right thru it . Starting in the recognizable future , and then charting the way to the asymptote.Take an amph ` ed up Bruce Sterling and stir in one part Warren Ellis and you 've got the recipe for this book .
 Where to focus ? `` Accelerondo '' is series of short stories knit together over a technological Singularity -LRB- capital 'S '
 I have read almost all of the Alias prequel and APO novelizations and I would have to say that this one is definately in the top 3 for favorites . It is interesting and edgy and keeps you guessing until the end .
 Many books which stem from series are not very good but this one manages to catch the atmosphere quite well . Most of the characters from the series are involved in the story which is a self-contained mission outside the story arcs of the series . Sidney goes undercover as a teacher to the difficult daughter of the Mexican Ambassador to the US in order to investigate possible links between an assassin and someone in the embassy . There are plenty of suspects and a lot of action , which is all within the spirit of the series and as a result is a useful reminder of how good the Alias series was and what made it so good .
 I think the problem the `` editorial review '' had with this book is the fact that it raises a WHOLE LOT of questions and leaves the reader to mull things over for him/herself . If you 're one of those people who like your sci-fi in an hour TV show where everything is wrapped up neatly for you at the end of the hour , so you do n't have to bother to think very much , then this is probably NOT the book for you.That said , I loved this book for being brave enough to be unconventional . Bartolomeo , the narrator , paints a broad picture of life on the Argonos , a ship wandering the universe for centuries . History , sociology , and religion are all explored in his description of the society and bureaucracy on the Argonos . Bartolomeo wants to be devoted to his captain , embroiled in a power struggle with the church -LRB- who else ? -RRB- , but the social structure where the privileged few profit from the labor of the masses ultimately disturbs him . He is also distracted by his feelings -LRB- one could n't really call it a romance -RRB- for Father Veronica , a female priest who ends up with him on the exploration team.All of this becomes moot as the Argonos comes across first a massacred colony and then an alien spaceship that may or may not be responsible for it . The editorial review quote demonstrates just a bit of the horror and shock of the exploration crew that finds the remains of the colony . For the most part , though , the suspense is the exploration of the alien ship
 This book starts off slow and conventional . Everyone 's on a spaceship bound for nowhere , nobody knows where it came from or why its going on . The Roman Catholic church -LRB- why are science fiction authors obsessed with the RC church , think of Dan Simmons 's Hyperion/Endymion books ? Is it the ceremonial nature and centuries of hidden intrigues of established Christianity ? -RRB- is up to no good and , although it has finally gotten around to allowing women to become priests , is running an alternative power structure to that of the existing `` government '' of the space ship , which is a government of privileged occupants living on the fruits of the labor of a wretched and resentful underclass of inhabitants.Everything gets called into question when the spaceship encounters signs of nonhuman life and an alien spaceship that is either a deserted wreck or a deadly trap . How the ship 's people and institutions respond to the challenge is a fascinating story and the way events unfold is riveting in Russo 's narrative.The final quarter of this book is unforgettably riveting and terrifying . I could n't put it down and doubt that any reasonably attentive reader would be able to.The end is more of a stop than a conclusion , but this is common in the genre . Perhaps there is a sequel on the way.This is a superb book . Anyone willing to read speculative fiction will enjoy it .
 I picked this book up thinking it was by Richard Russo of Empire Falls fame . I was about a third of the way through when I realized it was a different author . No matter - I was enjoying this story so much that I kept on reading , finishing the book in a day . This is the type of sci fi I like - more of a social cultural look at our future rather than dependance on hardware , with many themes that we are still tackling today . Fast paced story , well written , with interesting characters and dilemmas . Now I want to search for more of this writer 's books .
 I first picked up this book years ago close to release , but the negative things said about it have persuaded me to defend it.This is by far one of the best sci fi books I have read , ever . It remains completely personal and never becomes a chore to read . You will find little to get bogged down by , as the writing moves incredibly fast . It 's greatest stregnth is it 's charecters , all held together by intertwining motives , ideals , and conflicts.Don ' t let some of the negative reviews fool you , this is magnificent . I 've read quite a lot about the dissatisfaction with the ending , and I am baffled . Everything that needs to have an end , does . At the risk of spoilers , this novel is about these charecters and the ship they inhabit . At the end , that story is finished . The ship is gone , the threat of an alien race , gone . What charecters do make it out of the ship are going to a new chapter of their lives . Many of them have had their lives changed by an unforgettable experience , and now they are moving on to the next.While it is true that you never find out some things , they are hardly things that seem important . Do the aliens need a motive ? Do we need to know more about the Church 's plot to overthrow the current ruling body ? Do we need to see the final fate of the captain ? Do we need to see what 's on those video moniters ? Do we need to see the return to Antioch?I think not . Nearly every `` unresolved '' issue in this book are issues that the reader creates for themselves ; not the author . Our own desire to know more , that hunger for knowledge and power , is the roots of our destruction and one of the mainy strong points of this book.That being said , none of these issues in question are necessary to the primary focus , and that 's why I was surprised at the disdain for the ending.The conflicts that have been going on between the charecters and the primary plot lines of both the political uprisings and the alien ship ARE resolved at the end of the story.Even if by some chance you are unhappy with the brilliant end , you will still have read one of the most engaging and thought provoking novels in a long time . It is beautifully written , and you can not go wrong.At the very least , pick it up and try it.You wo n't be dissapointed .
 The Argonas is a gigantic spaceship that houses thousands of people while visiting different galaxies . The residents on board have lived on the ship for generations and have lost sight of their original mission or who even built the craft . Inside the ship , is a city structure with two classes of people
 Brilliant book , great story and thoughtful subjects . This book intends to cause much thinking in the reader . If you are desiring a book to lead -LRB- link -RRB- you from point A to point B to point C , etc. , you might try something else ... like Grisham . The subjects are intentionally not solved for you , no silver platter , no ribbon and bow.Instead , you get a believable world -LRB- on a ship - a big ship -RRB- , with real people -LRB- the protagonist wears prosthetic body armour -RRB- , in some terrible situations , some of their own making . This is not black and white writing , nor is it shades of gray ; it is technicolor . The faceless Hollywood science fiction movies fail to tell stories as engaging , fresh and as interesting as this one.Enjoy .
 Richard Paul Russo 's latest work , Ship of Fools , is as much a philosophical exploration-or simply a mood piece-as it is a tale of fiction . As always , Russo breathes a gritty authenticity into the people , places , and social system of Ship of Fools . Unfortunately , the book fails to fall neatly into any conventional science fiction niche . Not heroic enough for space opera , not intense enough for horror , not comprehensive enough as a dystopian treatise , and not revealing enough as a tale of alien contact , the book is stylish and thought-provoking but raises more questions than it attempts to answer and sets up more potential story lines than it bothers to pursue . Fans expecting something like Russo 's Carlucci books , or relying too much on the back-cover synopsis or reviewers ' quotes , are likely to end up disappointed . Readers who enjoy observing how a master writer creates and manipulates the fabric of a story , or exploring their own beliefs and tenets through the thoughts of others , will find the book rich indeed.The human generation ship Argonos has been in space for hundreds of years . Its original purpose is murky . Its aging mechanical systems are gradually falling apart . Its tightly closed social system consists of a working class which performs the labor necessary to keep machines and society functioning , and a ruling class which peripherally includes ship 's crew and clergy . Tensions are running high between classes and among the various ruling class factions.Argonos picks up a radio signal from a nearby planet . At this point , the ship really needs a habitable world in order to re-provision if nothing else . An exploration party finds the planet habitable but no longer inhabited . A cache of grisly human remains among a cluster of strange buildings hints at an alien menace , but no records can be found to explain what has happened.When the transmitter that drew Argonos to the planet begins sending out a different signal , the ship 's leaders decide to follow up . This takes Argonos to another vast starship , clearly alien and apparently derelict . Teams are sent to systematically investigate the vessel , thus leading to the story 's climax.Russo 's main themes are evil , particularly the evil outside versus the evil within ; nobility , duty , or whatever else provides the motivation for people to rise above self-interest and serve a greater cause ; and how a closed society breeds lifestyle abnormalities along with genetic abnormalities . Russo 's characters directly or indirectly question God , the status quo , the value of individual lives , and man 's place in the universe in general , with varying degrees of resolution before the tale 's end . Ship of Fools provides no big , emotionally satisfying payoff , but offers an absorbing read nevertheless .
 I 'm disappointed to read some of the reviews of this book which state that it 's a letdown and that it does n't have a tidy resolution . Clearly these are the type of people who like Americanized versions of foreign movies , where all the loose ends are tied up for you nicely , instead of making you think . This book has great characters and is more suspenseful than any book I 've read in a very long time . If you like your books compelling and thought provoking , give this a shot . If you want a fantasy sci-fi book that 's the equivalent of a tv sitcom , go elsewhere .
 I find it very hard to really pin down this book . I have recently re-read it and I did the exact same thing that I did the first time I read it two years ago . That is , I got so involved in it that I read almost of it at one sitting and as soon as I was done with it , I began searching the web for any hint of a sequel . I think Russo is just sitting back laughing at me , the big weasel.The story is , to me anyway , absolutely riveting . Russo paints his story with a master 's brush . You not only have the suspense of a truly enigmatic first contact with an alien species , but also a growing insurrection on the human space ship with all the accompanying drama . The two stories run parallel to one another until the alien contact develops to overshadow the problems of the human.The story ends up with a lot of un-answered questions but , I felt like the book has just enough meat and gives just enough answers to keep me interested until after the last page . The big problem is that ` after ' part there . I could really have used a few hundred more pages , or better yet a sequel.If you are the sort of reader who thinks Graphic Novels are `` deep '' and that Douglas Adams is heavy reading , you will want to skip this one . But , if you are the sort of person who does n't need to have everything explained to you and realizes that , ultimately , a lot of life 's questions are n't answered , then this is the book for you.Read it , it 's worth it .
 After reading some of the other reviews I 'm wondering if I liked this book because I really do n't know much about SF . That could be true . It could be true that this story has been written before , by somebody better . But I still thought Russo did a great job with the creepiness of the story.I read this book about 3 months ago , and I still get flashbacks to parts of the story . Russo is n't interested in answering questions and leaving the reader with a nice little package by the last page . He definitely leaves more questions unanswered than not.Overall , I thought this book was weird but very enjoyable . His protagonist is just so isolated from everyone except the reader that it makes for a very compelling experience . It was nice to read a scifi where the lead character is n't named John , 6 foot 5 , and a stone cold bada ** . Bartolomeo is both tough and fragile . He is so isolated emotionally from everyone on the ship yet he is certainly in the middle of all the important political and social action .
 At first I had a hard time , this book is rough and rather slow . But I realized its his style . He brings things to life and makes things realistic . His characters are unrefined so why should the dialog be refined ? Also if the character was in the dark , so were the readers . A lot of complaints are how many unanswered questions there are , but question is , why do they need to be answered ? The characters were unaware of the aliens motives just as we are unaware of the way others think . We can try to grasp it , but rarely do we truely understand it , and in a time where you are trying to save yourself you do n't really stop to ponder why they would do it . Since they did n't ponder it we did n't get a response . They were in the dark , we were in the dark . Not every book has to end happily , the book was n't open ended , the characters themselves did n't know what was in store for them , space is boundless , so we do n't as well . I feel if everything was explained it 'd be boring , this was just amazing , no useless explanations half of the chill this book gives is because you do n't know . People take confort in knowing everything , and they do n't like this book cause they ca n't know what and why , it just is.The characters were developed individual , their dialogue was unique to each one . The main character was n't a standard , perfect , loveable character . There is a very good chance you wo n't even like him , I did n't . This book is well written , it draws you in and leaves you in the end with a chill down your spine.However , if you are someone who HAS TO KNOW why everything is the way it is , how everything ends , then do n't read it . the unanswered questions aid the style and air of the story , I had my boyfriend read it after I did , I loved it so much I needed , neeeeded someone to talk to about it , and he absolutely loved it too.I ca n't see the word Antioch without thinking of it , it left a lasting impressionI 've even purchased his other books .
 I thought that the plot in `` Ship of Fools '' was fascinating and very interesting and the story moved along at a brisk pace with lots of twists and turns . The author 's did a terrific job of creating the environment for this group of characters that are on this lonely ship and the adventure is riding on a high wave of suspense throughout the entire book . The characters are likable but flawed , and the science is better than most . Mr. Russo seems to have a deep understanding of the human spirit and clearly reflects it in the dialogues between the characters . I understand there may be a sequel to this book and I certainly look forward to reading the next installment . I would gladly recommend this book to all my friends .
 Maybe closer to four and a half stars . This quick read was a breath of fresh air after the long-winded ramblings of the last book -LRB- s -RRB- I had read , Peter Hamilton 's Commonwealth saga . Russo 's prose is lean and spartan , and presented in very short chapters , an unusual style for most science fiction , and one that for the most part helps him to evoke and maintain an eerie disquiet throughout the book . I do n't understand people 's complaints about the ending of the book . No , we do n't discover the origins or `` reasons '' for the alien ship and its actions , but those who wish Russo had done so , it seems to me , have missed the point . This story is a multiperspectival meditation on the nature of evil and otherness in a morally ambiguous universe , and to have been too literal or explanatory about such in the end would have been thoroughly contrary to Russo 's subtle philosophical explorations throughout the rest of the novel . Fans of Iain M. Banks will probably like this one .
 I started this at 9:30 A.M. finished it at 6:00 P.M.Could not put it down , blew-off my workout that I hope to do it tonight.The firstperson narative is great with Bartolommeo , being unique in himself.I like books that give me a little creepy feeling . I have not found many that do . I am not saying that it is scary . Few books are.There is intrigue , power-struggles and unique personal situations , on a huge spaceship that has been in space for centuries . This ship of so-called fools encounters a strange , advanceced and very alien vessel.This is No - Alien -LRB- A.D. Foster-from the screenplay-great book -RRB- though is slighly remenisce.I loved this book , though You may not , as some of the others here .
 This is a thoroughly engaging read . The story and character development draw you in from the start and you are not disappointed up to the very end . I was uncertain if Russo could make the jump from short stories and serial work to a fully developed novel . He can , and did ! I place Russo in my top ten of sci-fi/fantasy/future vision writers . His work is thought provoking , intriguing and , unlike many in the genre , he has a command of our language and a deeply intuitive feel for the pulse of our culture . I have read Ship of Fools twice , if for no other reason than I am wanting for more Russo and until his next book I at least have a very good piece of work to satisfy that need .
 The multi-generation starship Argonos has aimlessly wandered the galaxy for hundreds of years , searching for any signs of life . Its original mission and destination have long ago been forgotten . Returning to Earth is not an option , for it has become a toxic , irradiated wasteland.A mysterious signal draws the ship to an abandoned colony on an Earth-like planet . Nikko , the ship 's captain , barely averts a mutiny as several hundred passengers would rather take their chances on the planet than stay on the ship any longer . The planet 's attraction suddenly disappears when several hundred humanoid corpses are discovered in an underground room . The colony is abandoned because the inhabitants were slaughtered.Later , the Argonos comes upon what looks like a huge , derelict alien ship . Bartolomeo , Nikko 's friend and advisor , advocates exploring the ship thoroughly . On the other hand , Bishop Saldana , Nikko 's rival for the captaincy , is all for putting as much distance as possible between the ships . He is not the only one who feels malevolence , if not actual evil , from the alien ship.Room after room is explored on the alien ship , most of them being empty , with little or no sign of aliens . The decision is made to attach the two ships together , and tow the alien ship to an intelligent civilization -LRB- there has to be one somewhere -RRB- as a peace offering . Then , several hundred more humanoid corpses are discovered on the alien ship . Even Bartolomeo is convinced that the sooner they get away from the alien ship , the better . Now , the alien ship comes alive , refusing to let go of the Argonos.This is a really good , well-done story looking at the concept of evil . The author does a good job with the characters , and it will certainly keep the reader interested .
 I thought this book was great . The characters were well developed , it had an interesting premise and plot . I 'd highly recommend it .
 This is a thoroughly engaging read . The story and character development draw you in from the start and you are not disappointed up to the very end . I was uncertain if Russo could make the jump from short stories and serial work to a fully developed novel . He can , and did ! I place Russo in my top ten of sci-fi/fantasy/future vision writers . His work is thought provoking , intriguing and , unlike many in the genre , he has a command of our language and a deeply intuitive feel for the pulse of our culture . I have read Ship of Fools twice , if for no other reason than I am wanting for more Russo and until his next book I at least have a very good piece of work to satisfy that need .
 Philip K. Dick Award winning author Russo spins an intriguing mystery in Ship of Fools . He delves deeply into what it means to be human . The crew of an intergenerational starship desperately seek a habitable planet . They are divided by class and religion . The ruins of a human colony lead them to an enormous alien vessel -- the first contact of humans with another intelligent species as far as they know . Will it save them or destroy them ?
 This is a very thrilling book . Once you pick it up , you can not put it down until you have finished it . The best thing about the whole book is that there isnt an effort to explain everything , which would have definitely made the book tedious . I think thats what sets Science Fiction genre apart . All the classics inspire some amount of awe in the mysteries they weave . There is also pathos in it and the triumph of the human spirit against all odds . I would recommend it with 5 stars !!
 A very dark story populated with fascinating , multi-dimensional characters . `` Ship of Fools '' is told from the perspective of the first officer of a giant generational star ship . The passengers on the ship are humans to whom earth is but a distant memory.This book is an example of the genre at its best .
 Ship of Fool is no doubt one of the best books I have read . I delivers a great plot , very belivable and likable characters and much more . Above all else I loved the idea of a ship sailing aimlessly through space carying a population of several thousand people . Reading this book almost felt like reading a mystery novel . When the alien vessel is found and investigation of it is started it gets even more intense . I knew that something is going to happen and when it finally did I could not put the book down.This book reminded me of the movie Event Horizon more than anything else . Obviously , Event Horizon 's main weakness was extreme amount of bloodshed . The idea of the movie was great nevertheless . The Ship of Fool does not make the same mistake and it keeps us wondering up until the end.I have to agree with other reviews written here ... the book does leave some loose ends and some things are left unexplained . However , life is full of loose ends and their presence simply makes the book more realistic . Being bombarded with books movies and messages that have an answer to every plot twist , it is getting much harder to appreciate the complexities of the unexplained .
 This is a thoroughly engaging read . The story and character development draw you in from the start and you are not disappointed up to the very end . I was uncertain if Russo could make the jump from short stories and serial work to a fully developed novel . He can , and did ! I place Russo in my top ten of sci-fi/fantasy/future vision writers . His work is thought provoking , intriguing and , unlike many in the genre , he has a command of our language and a deeply intuitive feel for the pulse of our culture . I have read Ship of Fools twice , if for no other reason than I am wanting for more Russo and until his next book I at least have a very good piece of work to satisfy that need .
 This is a thoroughly engaging read . The story and character development draw you in from the start and you are not disappointed up to the very end . I was uncertain if Russo could make the jump from short stories and serial work to a fully developed novel . He can , and did ! I place Russo in my top ten of sci-fi/fantasy/future vision writers . His work is thought provoking , intriguing and , unlike many in the genre , he has a command of our language and a deeply intuitive feel for the pulse of our culture . I have read Ship of Fools twice , if for no other reason than I am wanting for more Russo and until his next book I at least have a very good piece of work to satisfy that need .
 Do n't let the `` professional '' review above fool you . This book is about as good as non-hard science fiction gets.I 've been following Russo since his first novel `` Destroying Angel '' , up to the last of the Carlucci books . Each one was more riveting than the first , with a definate emerging style of his own.In this novel , his style finally comes into fruition.Details details - every death has weight and is treated as a tragedy . Every character -LRB- except for a few PIVOTAL characters ... minor problem there -RRB- has depth . The main characters view point consistant . The plot always moving.I do n't want to give any more of the plot away than already has been said . If you like brooding , dark , obsessive tales that make you think and give hope to us SciFi lovers , this is your book.Read it .
 I 'm always interested in sci fi novels that involve generations living and dying on a spaceship bound for who knows where . Often , however , after the author has expended a lot of energy detailing the society that has evolved onboard , he or she does n't know where to go with the plot . `` Ship of Fools '' avoids this , and almost every other pitfall of the genre . Russo has thought up an interesting social structure , and has delved into its political and religious ramifications . He 's come up with a crisis involving an alien civilization that is both sobering and scary . He 's got a narrator who is interesting , with a real point of view . And he 's managed to end his story without disppointing the reader . This book hooks you from the opening paragraph , and never lets up for a moment . It 's probably the best sci fi I 've read in a couple of years .
 I enjoyed Ship of Fools immensely . Russo crafts a believable ` generation ship ' and then dives into the machinations of different political and religious factions on board . The story is told from the perspective of an unusual protagonist , which serves to highlight the tension and claustrophobia , especially once they make planetfall . The encounter with the alien ship is very well handled and original . Overall this book is a great read . Once I got into it , I could n't put it down .
 The editorial review of this book is rubbish . Obviously , the reviewer scanned through the book without ever becoming invested in the characters or their stories . This book requires us to think and really to associate ourselves within the story to fully understand the deeper allegory being told . There were a few places I found myself needing to reread earlier dialog to catch on to the deeper meaning of timeline events which made me feel my reading time was well spent . I 've no need for books that spoon feed me the messages , I much prefer smart stories that tell their messages in subtlety as does Ship of Fools . Is there a tidy ending with all strings tied off ? Are the characters flawless , perfect mental and physical specimens of the human race whom super humanly resolve every disaster via wit and good looks ? No , the characters are flawed , both mentally and in some cases physically -LRB- a product of closed quarter circumstance -RRB- , there are some unresolved questions that are , to be honest , best left unresolved in my opinion . Not every question in our life is answered in the time we have , so why should every question be answered in their lifetime ? That there are still questions at the end is proof to me the realism of the story about a ship , traveling through the universe , generation after generation . Ship of Fools is just one aspect of a larger story spanning thousands of years . Such illustrates the fragility of life aboard the Argonos , and the unrequited hopes of her passengers.Good book , not great but good and as well written as any sci-fi has been written in quite some time . The pages -LRB- Kindl -LRB- e -RRB- y speaking of course -RRB- turn quickly and the dialog is rich . The science is accurate , the myth is engaging and the universe is enough like ours , imagined , that the story is easy to slip into . Likely better than the 4 stars I 've given and not a 5 , simply because I 'm hoping for more to come and until it does , I 'll not be satisfied .
 Bartolomeo Aguilera has lived aboard the Argonos -- along with several thousand other people -- his entire life . After centuries in space , the ship 's original mission has been lost to history . Now those aboard the Argonos wander somewhat aimlessly through the galaxy , seeking out worlds in which they may replenish their supplies and perhaps make some new discoveries.After many years without a successful landfall , the Argonos receives a transmission from a world they dub Antioch . While the transmission is likely automated , those aboard the Argonos decide to investigate . Upon reaching Antioch , several small settlements are located and teams are quickly organized to explore . Among those going to the planet is Bartolomeo . Upon landing , the settlements are clearly abandoned , but did the people leave of their own volition , was there an outbreak of some kind ? Bartolomeo and the others proceed to investigate . What is found is so disturbing that the Argonos breaks orbit and decides to leave as quickly as possible.Several weeks after leaving Antioch , another discovery is made . A huge ship ... clearly not of Human origin . For the first time in all the history of the Argonos -LRB- and possibly all Human history -RRB- , contact is made with an extraterrestrial intelligence . Like on Antioch , Bartolomeo and others are sent to explore the ship . It quickly becomes apparent that Antioch and the alien ship are somehow connected . But how ? For weeks , Bartolomeo is part of the ship 's exploratory team . Slowly pieces begin to fit together ... and then ... Everyone 's lives will change ... Ship of Fools presents a fairly eerie trek through an encounter with an alien intelligence . The author pulls off well the dichotomy between the exploration of a benign alien ship and the inherent uneasiness Bartolomeo and others feel for the ship . The feeling the author tries to present is akin to walking down a dark alley late at night . There may be no one there ... but you are constantly looking over your shoulder wondering about the shadows . While the ending of the story was appropriate , I do wish that -LRB- without giving away too much -RRB- it had been more ... conclusive . Nonetheless , Ship of Fools is an enjoyable -- if a touch creepy -- alien contact tale .
 This is a dark , creepy space opera . The setup is a ship that has been traveling around randomly for generations -- possibly thousands of years . Then they find a human colony , but everyone is dead.This was a page turner . Highly recommended . Think Rendezvous with Rama , if Neil Gaiman had written it .
 I think what a lot of the reviewers are missing is the fact that Richard Paul Russo can WRITE ! I was drawn from chapter to chapter in a way I have n't been in years -- the book had the feel similar to that in Rendevous with Rama . I do n't read much science fiction anymore -- there is so little sense of wonder in it . Ship of Fools has wonder aplenty , and the characterization is excellent . Nor did I find the dialogue clumsy , as one reviewer did . I was most impressed with Russo 's balanced viewpoint between Christianity and disbelief . A sympathetic priest in a SF novel ? Quite refreshing.The scene with Father Veronica -LRB- you know the one I mean -RRB- is breathtaking . And yes , I felt the ending was not quite as dramatic as I would have liked . But I really enjoyed the ride . I would indeed read the sequel , but I rather hope there is n't one.I also hope that those who read these reviews and decide to buy the book buy a new version rather than a used one . The writer receives no royalties on used books , and can not continue to be published unless someone buys new copies .
 A tiny speck of matter among the billions of stars that make up our galaxy , the Argonos spacecraft is meandering through the vast emptiness of space , from one star system to another , replenishing supplies from suitable planets and then moving on . The ship , home to thousands of people , has been wandering in isolation for centuries , but its origins and purpose have been lost . How does this situation affect the religious views of those on board ? What will they encounter in the uncharted depths of space?Russo 's exquisite writing has integrity and is backed up by a keen understanding of human behavior . The characters are genuine and the dialog has depth . I was already a fan of the main character and narrator , Bartolomeo , after the first 10 pages . Instead of insulting the reader with needless explanation and gratuitous filler , he lets this mysterious and compelling story unfold , and kept me reading into the wee hours of the morning . I just bought his collected Carlucci novels , and I ca n't wait to sink my teeth into it .
 The story is told through the eyes of Bartolomeo , a prickly fellow born deformed and raised by adults who he assumes knew his parents . He lives on a starship that has been wandering throughout the galaxy for centuries . All those on board had been born there . The purpose of their voyage remains elusive , and the archives that would give the passengers a sense of their past have been destroyed . It has been 14 years since the ship , called the Argonos , has visited a human habitation.As the story begins a signal is detected from a nearby planet . Bartolomeo leads a team to explore an area of the planet that looks to have once held a human colony . Now , though , it appears deserted . In a deep cavern beneath an odd star shaped building the team discovers the remains of the colonists and are sickened by the hideous manner of their deaths . Hours later the Argonos intercepts another signal , this one coming from deep space . The source is a barren , alien spaceship at once fascinating and frightening.I read this book about 3 years ago and the story stayed with me . I recently read it again , and the last hundred pages held me enthralled even though I knew what was going to happen . The characters and plot are very well developed . Yes , there are unresolved issues as some critics have pointed out . The aliens remain an elusive mystery , but that is part of what makes this novel ring true . Like real life some questions are never answered .
 If Ship of Fools had more of a conclusion , it would have been at the top of my list . However , Russo seems to have grown tired toward the end , and the pure energy that fills the first 805 of the book is lost.Still , Ship of Fools is full of excitement and discovery . Despite being set in a cliche -LRB- the `` colony of people who live on a ship and have never set foot on a planet '' cliche -RRB- , Russo manages to pull of a highly original series of events . All of them surround the discovery of a mysterious vessel , which keeps a singular focus within the story . However , the events themselves range from death to inner conflict to paranoia to sympathy . Ultimately , it is a tale of exploration that is approached from many levels , grounded in the most obvious exploration -- that of the ship.If only it had an end , it would be a 5-star book . When I finished reading it , I immediately went online to order the sequel ... I just assumed there was one , and was devastated when I learned otherwise.I would still recommend this highly to those looking for an interesting story about discovery and exploration , and anyone who enjoys reading because it makes you think . For those who look to sci-fi for space battles and combat and three-breasted she-beasts ... well , while there is a cloud of danger and some action , this probably is not what you 're looking for .
 This is a well-written thematic story . Although it has several subplots , the main storyline is written to demonstrate the power of human curiosity . Russo takes his characters through a journey of exploration punctuated by frequent and gruesome clues that Something Is Not Right . But the characters press on , and - here is the magic of Russo 's storytelling - the reader is right there with them . The lure of the unknown is so strong that you are willing to leap through every new doorway just to see what is on the other side , no matter how many dried corpses or mysterious accidents should have cautioned you away . Even after the last page is turned and the folly of the exploration unmasked , the book leaves you with the nagging urge to go back , to open one more door or seek the answer to one more question - a powerful demonstration of what Pavlovian creatures we can be .
 This is one scary book . The world Russo builds is so realistic , and the aliens so mysterious , that you ca n't help but be drawn into the suspense , fear , and confusion the characters feel as they try to understand the strange and gruesome artifacts they discover , and as they disagree on how to interpret and react to events . Top notch fiction , but if you are prone to nightmares you 'll want to read this during the daytime . Russo 's Carlucci novels are also very good -LRB- though very different as well -RRB- .
 Is it just me , or are lost generation ship novels making a comeback?Hearkening back to classic SF works like _ Non-Stop _ to _ Orphans of the Sky _ , and more recently Elizabeth Bear 's _ Jacob 's Ladder _ series -LRB- _ Dust _ , _ Chill _ , and _ Grail _ -RRB- , fascinating stories have been told about generations upon generations of people living aboard massive ships where the journey 's original purpose is lost to time.The crew aboard the Argonos are not quite so clueless as the inhabitants of the previously mentioned books , but they have nontheless lost their way ; like the crew in the traditional woodcut , they seem a motley bunch with neither purpose nor direction , a malaise of pointless , repetitive existence . When the ship encounters an inhabitable planet , the oppressed workers make an attempt to colonize the world , but Russo moves beyond class consciousness when a signal from the planet leads to a potential first contact situation.As events turn from bad to worse , however , the ship 's leading crew members come to turn aside from their individual listless and petty agendas and discover a purpose -- to save the people from the Argonos from a horrific end .
 Wow ! This , for me , was one of those rare books that you enjoy every moment . The story is told by Bartolomeo , the captain 's assistant on a ship exploring space for genertations . There are thousands on board , who live according to a class system , with the Church near the top . The book is divided into three parts . The first tells the story of an attempted mutiny by the lower class , after the discovery of an apparent habitable planet . The second involves the exploration of an alien vessel drifting in space . The final part reveals the doomed nature of the mission . One review of this book called it `` Alien with intellect '' , and that is pretty accurate . While elements of `` Alien '' are present , this book is so much more . The characters are intelligent and interesting . Scenes are superbly described , with many images effective enough to likely stay in your memory for a long time . The politics and difficulties of a self contained world on a ship are well described . Religion is a sub-theme for the story , and the role it plays is fascinating . Other themes are identity , isolation , friendship , and good and evil . Everything comes together flawlessly , and the pace is designed to get maximum results . This is a psychological drama/suspense story , and as such it is excellent .
 Finally I picked a book which was n't just a three star average story . I am so glad that I found that book . It is one hell of a page turner and absorbing from the first to the last page . The style reminded me of Alastair Reynolds but just not as complex and mind twisting . Richard Russo has a great talent for creating an `` Alien meets Event Horizon '' kind of environment . When you read that book you want to make sure you are not alone ! People who enjoy dark , gothic , and fear laden movies such as Alien will get a kick out of this book . On the negative side it would not be surprising if some people do not like the ending . I am not going into any details but you should not expect a happy Hollywood brainwashed finale . I personally do hope Russo keeps the story going in another book . In summary , it is a great book with a great story and great characters all along , it deserves 5 stars !
 I picked up this book not knowing anything about the author . Ship of Fools held my interest a lot more than I expected.At first , I thought this was a suspense book set in outer space , with a lot of the questions from Rama and logistics from 2010 . After mulling it over , I think this book works best as a study of the political trappings of the Aragnos . The alien spaceship and Antioch serve as the catalyst for changing the dynamics of the Aragnos civilization.Sure , everyone would like all the alien issues resolved , but I think this book is worth the read even without all the i 's crossed and t 's dotted .
 `` Ship of Fools '' is set on the Argonos , a starship housing a small society which has been shipbound for hundreds of years . The story opens on the cusp of a proletarian rebellion and a potential theocratic coup d'etat , and the narrator , one of the captain 's closest advisors , finds himself caught up in political affairs . At the same time , the society 's ancient history and mission is called on
 Be forewarned , as many of the other reviews have stated , much of the story , particularily the ending , is not clear cut . If you are the type who needs to know exactly what happened , to know every detail of how the main characters fare , this might not be the novel for you.I found the concept , and the story to be fascinating . Russo paints a broad portrait of what is occuring by focusing on one major character , Bartolomeo . It is not giving away to much to say that the book is a narrative from that character . The author does not step away this character , and fill in other events that are unknown to him . If Bartholomew is not aware of an event , or aware of a reason for something , then the reader isnt either . This is why not every detail of what is occuring is known to us , simply because Bartolomeo isnt aware of them . The aliens are a mystery throughout the book , why is this ? It 's because Bartolomeo doesnt know . Why do certain events occur ? If he doesnt know then we dont know.If you are the type of reader who likes a good mystery , who can fill in spots using your imagination , who doesnt need everything spelled out for you , who doesnt always need everything to conform to whats normally done , then i highly recommend the book . If you like spelled out endings where everything is clear , dont bother , you wont like it .
 While this book might not appeal to some readers , to me it was wonderful . It was creepy , intelligent , and very hard to put down . It has echoes of Arthur C. Clarke 's `` Rama '' series , Alastair Reynolds ' `` Chasm City '' , and Peter F. Hamilton 's `` Reality Dysfunction '' series . The characters are likable but flawed , and the science is better than most . I am anxious to read the sequel .
 One of the few sf novels to explore the hard questions of religion and faith . The character of Father Veronica is the best thing about the book . Her character is the lynch pin that holds the story together ; deeply nuanced , tender , honest , unfailingly faithful , yet frought with personal doubts . The prose is spare , but extremely descriptive ; I feel like I 've been on the Argonos , a generation starship to end them all . The only quibble ; too many ideas and scenes that are left unexplained . The ending is a perfect set-up for a sequel , but there is no indication in the blurbs that this is the first in a series , although I would welcome a follow-up . I want to know the answers to all the questions ! Definitely a good read ; the kind you ca n't put down .
 If you 've ever wondered what human beings are capable of when given unlimited power and/or resources , you can look at Elvis Presley or Bill Gates . If you 've ever wondered what human beings would do when they start asking , `` Where are we going ? '' `` What do we want ? '' `` What is our purpose ? '' you could read SHIP OF FOOLS.The book deals with The Big Questions in a way that is both dramatic , suspenseful , and accessible . As with most human action when confronted with the unknown , we are by turns contemptible and small -- and on rare occasions , noble . And that 's what the book is about.Some reviewers gripe that not all the knots are fully unravelled . So what was the great white face of Moby Dick ? Nothingness ? The futility of human action ? People still wonder about that one . So a few residual knots are not a problem for me.The only quibble I have with the book is the title . Although it 's appropriate , in the spirit of its allegorical nature , I would have titled it YOU ARE HERE .
 This is a thoroughly engaging read . The story and character development draw you in from the start and you are not disappointed up to the very end . I was uncertain if Russo could make the jump from short stories and serial work to a fully developed novel . He can , and did ! I place Russo in my top ten of sci-fi/fantasy/future vision writers . His work is thought provoking , intriguing and , unlike many in the genre , he has a command of our language and a deeply intuitive feel for the pulse of our culture . I have read Ship of Fools twice , if for no other reason than I am wanting for more Russo and until his next book I at least have a very good piece of work to satisfy that need .
 This is a thoroughly engaging read . The story and character development draw you in from the start and you are not disappointed up to the very end . I was uncertain if Russo could make the jump from short stories and serial work to a fully developed novel . He can , and did ! I place Russo in my top ten of sci-fi/fantasy/future vision writers . His work is thought provoking , intriguing and , unlike many in the genre , he has a command of our language and a deeply intuitive feel for the pulse of our culture . I have read Ship of Fools twice , if for no other reason than I am wanting for more Russo and until his next book I at least have a very good piece of work to satisfy that need .
 This is a thoroughly engaging read . The story and character development draw you in from the start and you are not disappointed up to the very end . I was uncertain if Russo could make the jump from short stories and serial work to a fully developed novel . He can , and did ! I place Russo in my top ten of sci-fi/fantasy/future vision writers . His work is thought provoking , intriguing and , unlike many in the genre , he has a command of our language and a deeply intuitive feel for the pulse of our culture . I have read Ship of Fools twice , if for no other reason than I am wanting for more Russo and until his next book I at least have a very good piece of work to satisfy that need .
 This is a thoroughly engaging read . The story and character development draw you in from the start and you are not disappointed up to the very end . I was uncertain if Russo could make the jump from short stories and serial work to a fully developed novel . He can , and did ! I place Russo in my top ten of sci-fi/fantasy/future vision writers . His work is thought provoking , intriguing and , unlike many in the genre , he has a command of our language and a deeply intuitive feel for the pulse of our culture . I have read Ship of Fools twice , if for no other reason than I am wanting for more Russo and until his next book I at least have a very good piece of work to satisfy that need .
 Russo 's Carlucci novels are n't `` hard sci-fi , '' so I was n't sure what to expect from this , a ` deep-space saga . ' What it turned out to be , primarily , is Russo working against all expectations of the genre.He breaks several defacto rules , and presents some very unusual twists . Without giving away too much of the story : * The narrator is imprisoned for 7 months , and misses everything that happens during his absence * The main love interest is left unconsummated , and ends in a death * Several major plot directions just evaporate , halfway developed -LRB- just like real life ... -RRB- * The ending leaves more questions unanswered than notRusso 's short stories in `` Terminal Visions '' were highly developed and fully consistent , which makes all the more inexplicable the errors of scale here , a sort of `` Star Trek '' myopia : * The Argonos has visited a number of star systems within the lifetime of the narrator , which completely ignores the distances involved * Although set is a far-distant future of interstellar travel , telephones , video screens and ship controls are present-day * The population of the ship is `` several thousand '' which is n't enough for a true breeding colony * The ship is listed as self-sufficient , but the infrastructure for self-sufficiency is n't evident * For a ship/colony large enough to be self-sufficient , there are only a handful of characters who figure in the plotBut these concerns did n't really detract from the novel . Russo 's strength , throughout all of his books , is his characterizations and `` Ship of Fools '' is no exception . He creates 3-dimensional people you can believe in , and runs them through a storyline that is unpredictable , generates some genuine feelings of dread and uncertainty , and does it with page-turning intensity.Despite breaking all the conventions of the genre -- or perhaps because of it -- this novel is a worthy addition to the pantheon .
 I 'm not sure where the negative reviews are coming from . The main theme seems to be that plots/characters / `` villians '' / etc. are n't wrapped in a neat little cliched box - and that 's what makes this story so unique.The plot basically revolves around Bartolomeo , the ad hoc first officer of the `` generation ship '' Argonos . But Bartolomeo is not your average hero -LRB- or even anti-hero -RRB- - he was born crippled , without parents , is not well-liked by any of the many factions onboard ship . He 's not the perfect , unblemished character but you quickly grow to like him . Why ? Because he seems to be the only one who is smart , unbiased , and principled of anyone in power.The Argonos itself is a huge ship which houses thousands of people . Its original mission is unclear and after 500 + years in space , it quickly becomes apparent that there really is n't any true purpose for it . It is as aimless as its divided , unique passengers and crew . In their wandering , the Argonos detects a signal and comes across a colonized planet where everyone has been massacred . What really happened is a mystery.Before leaving , Bartolomeo helps the serf-like lower caste of the ship 's population lead an aborted mutiny . He falls from favor and is imprisoned . The Argonos leaves to follow the signal to its source and they discover a dead ship of alien origin . What is its purpose ? How is it tied to the planet and its dead population ? Is it good , evil , neutral ? To answer this , Bartolomeo is released and given a second chance - lead the exploration of the alien ship and try to figure out its purpose.From here on , EVERYTHING changes and the Argonos and its people will never be the same . Sure , not everything is revealed and handed to you on a platter - the author challenges the reader to use their imagination . And that 's what makes this book work . It 's the reason it won the Philip K Dick award - it challenges your perspective , your prejudices , and your imagination .
 Stylish and provocative , suspensefull and mysterious . This is definitely the kind of sci-fi novel that will not let you set it down until you finish it . There is very little monotony , it kept me turning every page with more and more anticipation and relentless curiosity . I absolutely loved the idea of a gigantic ship that has been the home of humans for so many hundreds of years that some even believe the ship has always existed.The ending is very un-hollywood which is a good thing , a little inconclusive and leaves the reader hoping for a sequel . Nevertheless , this book wo n't let you set it down ! Highly recommended .
 Like other readers I was both awed and disappointed by this masterful story . The saga expands in an almost poetical vein with pointed characterization and succinct plots within plots . The ideas discussed in this book - origins , family , meaning of life , aliens , religion , discovery - require a sequeal and perhaps a prequel.High praise for the sparse , direct , superb writing and crafting.Kudos for interesting characters and for a new presentation of several well-used themes . Man 's first encounter with ETs has been told again and again , yet this indirect approach is one of the best . The horrific race remains thoroughly `` alien '' to the end - their thoughts , morals , purposes and society a mystery , undecipherable . More positives
 Fantastic ! No wonder this book has reached the top-ten lists of some of the science fiction forums.The setting of a group of people on this lonely ship is well laid out . The characters are impressive in their humanity and the adventure is riding on a high wave of suspense throughout the entire book . Russo has a deep understanding of the human spirit and clearly reflects it in the dialogues between the characters.The plot is very interesting and full with twists . The pace of the events is fast and the suspense high . What else could you ask for?Highly Recommended !
 Fist of all
 The book won the Phillip K. Dick Award and it deserved it . The basic plot here is whether or not there is evil in the universe . There is , although just what is the nature of this evil remains a bit of a mystery . The book keep me interested from beginning to end and made me think a lot along the way . Russo makes no attempt to explain the exact situation , but simply takes you along for the ride . This is the first time I 've read this author , but I 'm looking forward to getting some of his other books . Excellent ! I guess the only reason I 'm giving this 4 instead of 5 stars is that the ending sort of left me a bit cold ; I would have preferred a more definitive end .
 Reading through the reviews , I ca n't say I 'm surprised that there are many people who do n't understand the book . This is not a book about spaceships , aliens , or colonization . These are metaphors and the book is a huge allegory . If words like metaphor and allegory are odd to you , chances are you wo n't understand the book . On the other hand , if you 're one of those science fiction fans who understands that Bladerunner is n't a film about a bounty hunter and androids , but about the search for meaning in life , then this book will probably appeal to you greatly.There 's not really much to say about the book other than that . It is what it is . And that 's one of the finest philosophical novels I 've read in years .
 While there is a not fully resolved feeling to the ending , this is nevertheless a truly splendid SF read , and one that tackles some spiritual issues -LRB- faith , prayer , evil -RRB- without being a knee-jerk anti-religious tract . Refreshing . The main character is fascinating -- an outsider even among outsiders , but one who connects in friendship with those at every level of this spaceship society -LRB- religious , political , underworlders -RRB- . Bartolomeo is a man deformed by genetics , repaired by prosthetics , and at core sensitive and moral . He struggles to play the political game presented to him , lives with a certain weight of loneliness , but he takes risks to do what he thinks is right . It costs him . But it always costs when you have to make the tough decisions , which our hero must in fighting against an unjust political system and then against a sadistic and enigmatic alien presence.The alien menace -LRB- faceless and formless -RRB- is a great metaphor for evil . It 's there , but you do n't really understand it . You just try to fight it the best you can and survive.I loved the growing relationship between Bartolomeo -LRB- our atheist hero -RRB- and Father Veronica -LRB- a true believer -RRB- . It rounds out his character that he is someone who has the ability to be both tender and tough , calculating and vulnerable , skeptical but wondering if belief might not offer comforts.The fact that the story is not completely resolved as far as the fate of the people of the Argonos annoyed me a little at first , then made sense . The questions that arise when one ponders the nature of evil and of the meaning of life are open-ended , they continue . We have n't vanquished evil . Many people are mired in meaninglessness . We live open-endedly -- not really knowing how the tale plays out at the end . So , the ending made sense . There may be Eden or Hell as a destination . But the struggle to live , to find a place to call our own continues ... Then again , maybe a sequel is in the works to explain what is left unwritten . :-RRB- I 'd read it!But if I had my druthers , I think I 'd like leaving it with a bit of mystery.Thanks , Mr. Russo , for a wonderful few hours entertainment and pondering ... * Mir *
 After tearing through this book and staying up late last night to finish it , I have to disagree strongly with the professional review here . This book was a knock out . It was very easy to imagine these events occurring in our future . The writing is definitely a fat notch above the usual sci fi fare . Good writing , a great story , depth of characterization , and a lot to ponder ... a five star book , in my book . Unresolved issues ? Did the professional reviewer expect an answer to why God allows pain ? The theology here is not cut and dried . Great science fiction takes a fundamental question and builds an interesting story around it . And leaves the questions unanswered . I would n't change a thing about this story , except maybe the Bishop . He was a bit too shallow , undefined . Maybe there was a reason for that , though.Hmm . I 'll have to think about it.Don ' t you think twice , though
 This is a thoroughly engaging read . The story and character development draw you in from the start and you are not disappointed up to the very end . I was uncertain if Russo could make the jump from short stories and serial work to a fully developed novel . He can , and did ! I place Russo in my top ten of sci-fi/fantasy/future vision writers . His work is thought provoking , intriguing and , unlike many in the genre , he has a command of our language and a deeply intuitive feel for the pulse of our culture . I have read Ship of Fools twice , if for no other reason than I am wanting for more Russo and until his next book I at least have a very good piece of work to satisfy that need .
 This is a thoroughly engaging read . The story and character development draw you in from the start and you are not disappointed up to the very end . I was uncertain if Russo could make the jump from short stories and serial work to a fully developed novel . He can , and did ! I place Russo in my top ten of sci-fi/fantasy/future vision writers . His work is thought provoking , intriguing and , unlike many in the genre , he has a command of our language and a deeply intuitive feel for the pulse of our culture . I have read Ship of Fools twice , if for no other reason than I am wanting for more Russo and until his next book I at least have a very good piece of work to satisfy that need .
 I am a big fan of Russo 's past works , and so I know he is a talented writer . Using that as a starting point helps understanding this novel as I know the type of narrative , story development , and situations have been created very carefully by the author for a reason . The story is told from the first person point of view , and therefore can only represent what that person feels and believes . He is not all-knowing , and therefore does not always have a good explanation of why some of the inexplicable things happen.Some people have complained about loose threads not being tied up and the ending being rather sudden ... well , that is what life is really like and the novel simply follows one persons intrepretation of events . Encounters with aliens are n't always going to make sense because they are ALIEN ! There is no common frame of reference , and the story is ongoing just like the long history of the Argonos itself.I enjoyed the suspense , mystery , and religious explorations that this novel presented and really enjoyed spending time with these characters and ideas . I recommend this book , and really any other from Richard Paul Russo .
 `` Ship of Fools '' does what many science fiction books fail to do -LRB- and this is true of movies , too -RRB-
 Russo 's newest novel , SHIP OF FOOLS , is a fine amalgamation of thoroughly considered and thought-provoking story and characters . Russo 's spare , elegant style continues to prove more refined with each book . Although set in the future , Russo 's perceptively detailed characters and plot illustrate how the staff and shield of religion are , time and again , so often misappropriated . The reader is not insulted with pedantic themes and canned answers , but instead , an array of alluring questions . One of the deepest and most thought-provoking books I 've read in years .
 Since we travel a great deal , I formerly had to give up on being informed about the happenings at home . Since getting my Kindle , I am able to download the Houston Chronicle and stay tuned to the national , state , and local news just as though I were at home in my easy chair.It 's a nice comfort from home .
 I do n't understand all the negativity towards the Kindle edition of the Houston Chronicle . Sure , it does n't have EVERY article , but then again , you 're not paying full paper subscription price for it either . It has all the most important articles and I do n't feel that there 's that much missing out of this .
 As a long time subscriber before we moved to NYC from Houston , I really enjoyed this paper . Their coverage of Houston , Texas and the Southwest is excellent , The sports section is good too , especially if you like Big 12 sports . My main knock of the paper is their reliance on writers from other papers for stories that are beyond the Texas border .
 I 've enjoyed the New York Times on Kindle , but I 'm THRILLED that my hometown newspaper will be available.The Chronicle has particularly fine sports writing and does a good job of covering Texas news .
 Okay , first things first ... this is not the entire HOUSTON CHRONICLE . It is edited down to the top stories found in sections described as front page , national , local , sports , and lifestyle . Columnists are missing a lot of the time , and there are no classifieds or coupons . Also missing from the Sunday edition would be any inserts such as the ZEST or the TV GUIDE.What this is ... a very nice looking KINDLE edition of the paper that you can read quickly . It costs about twenty cents a day , and gives you basically what you would want from an e-reader version of a major paper . You can gripe about missing content , but I personally do not want to wade through comics , obituaries , and movie listings . This is a down and dirty well-crafted summation of news in Houston and surrounding areas.It serves my purpose well ... I want to get in and out in twenty minutes with a cup of coffee in the morning . The Chronicle Kindle Version lets me do that , and I do n't have to recycle .
 For $ 0.75 , acquired in a flash , you get a condensation of the news . No , you do n't get coupons or sports spreadsheets impossible to format . But come on , this is new technology that will improve with time . I just read/scanned most of the Chronicle quickly and without the clutter of paper or wading through tons of ads . For those who love the smell of books or must have the crossword puzzle , put down your Kindle and go back to Barnes & Noble .
 I have read the Houston Chronicle since the 60s . In the last couple of decades the Chronicle has become very liberal . But I still wish to keep up with local news . Now I receive both the Chronicle and the WSJ on my Kindle . This arrangement is providing me with my newspaper needs just fine .
 I 've been a print subscriber for a while , and , having just received a Kindle for Christmas , figured I should check out the Chronicle on this device . The terrible reviews gave me low expectations . I expected to see no syndicated content - only Hearst content based on what the reviews said . I was pleasantly surprised to find that the Kindle edition currently contains basically the entire paper . For instance , one reviewer claims that Silverman 's column is not included , but I was able to enjoy it in my first Kindle issue . Also included is an abundance of AP conent , syndicated editorials , and other great non-Hearst articles . In fact , in the overlap with my print subscription I did n't find a single article missing.After only two days on the Kindle I cancelled my Chronicle home delivery , and I 'm looking forward to fewer trips to the dumpster in the future . I urge all previous negative reviewers to give the Chronicle on the Kindle another chance and consider editing your review to reflect the apparent improvement in content . Plus , at $ 5.99 a month the price is hard to beat .
 As a new Kindle user I just subscribed to the electronic Houston Chronicle and have been very pleased . The content follows the hard copy very closely as I compared them for the last two days . While I miss some columns , I can find them on the internet if I suffer withdrawal . Also , I will not miss the $ 25 I was paying each month .
 Nearly a decade after her exploits in * Chindi * , Prscilla `` Hutch '' Hutchins has hung up her wings and settled down into an administrative position with the Academy of Space and Technology . Like most of humanity , she is only worried about the impending doom from the Omega Clouds - which travel the galaxy destroying anything the seems to be created by sentient life - when she is thinking about it ; but , since that confrontation is 900 years away , it seems remote and something for tomorrow.But , everything changes when a routine science expedition observes an Omega Cloud change course and head for an unexplored star system . They soon discover a world populated by a pre-technological civilization . Suddenly , the threat of the Omega Clouds become an obsession with Earth as everyone is moved by the plight of the cute and lovable humanoid creatures -LRB- a reaction not unlike people 's reaction to cute and endangered species on Earth like the panda or koala -RRB- . Hutch finds herself at the center of it all as she struggles to summon the spacefaring resources and technology of Earth in a desperate effort to save the unsuspecting planet from destruction - all while trying to not interfere with the developing species or reveal their presence . * Omega * is all action from start to finish , but of course it is also an intelligent science fiction story as all McDevitt books are . A superb ending to this chapter of the `` Chronicles of Hutch '' . >> >> >> > < < < < < < < A Guide to my Book Rating System :1 star = The wood pulp would have been better utilized as toilet paper .2 stars = Do n't bother , clean your bathroom instead .3 stars = Was n't a waste of time , but it was time wasted .4 stars = Good book , but not life altering .5 stars = This book changed my world in at least some small way .
 The heroes of _ Omega _ have a bit of a challenge . In this setting , part of the rather loosely connected series of novel titled the Academy series , huge , many kilometer-wide entities called omega clouds or simply just omegas cruise the dark between the stars . Seemingly innocuous , they are actually a grave threat to all civilized life . For some reason not know to researchers , the clouds attack anything with right angles or too many straight lines . Using lightning , vast tendrils of cloud , and if on a planetary surface high winds and more , they utterly wreck anything they come across , whether it is a research ship that blunders too close to the clouds or buildings on the ground . Sadly , a number of ruin sites on various worlds had been destroyed by omegas , but fortunately resulting in very little loss of life.However , while on a research mission an Academy survey ship notices one of the omegas sharply veering towards an unexplored planetary system . That ship , while about to go home , is with apologies from headquarters diverted to the system to see what caught the interest of the cloud . While the Academy pretty much exists to find and study intelligent life , so very rare in the galaxy , they sincerely hope that sentient life , past or present , does n't exist in this system.The omegas are indestructible . No one has been able to devise any weapons to destroy the nearly planetary-sized gaseous entities or even cause them any harm . If they are intelligent they do not respond to any communications whatsoever . They merely push inexorably towards their target , not satisfied until the object is annihilated . While some early successes had been had with diverting clouds , at least temporarily , research on the clouds is poorly funded . When the clouds were first discovered , there was quite a panic over them , as one was found to be heading towards Earth ... in a few thousand years . Not exactly a pressing issue.When the survey ship reaches the system , they find suddenly that defeating the omegas is indeed a pressing issue . This world is a living world , one inhabited by a sentient race called by the discovers the Goompahs , a human-sized race with pale green skin , large eyes , and huge floppy feet , the name derived from a popular children 's television show -LRB- the Academy pushed the name Korbs for the race after the alien 's name for the world , which was learned later on , Korbikkan , but unfortunately popular perceptions and media usage of the name Goompahs stuck -RRB- . While not a space faring or even particularly technological race , the Goompahs are quite a bit above the living sentient aliens discovered thus far , possessing a series of beautiful and peaceful trading cities complete with temples , sailing ships , museums , libraries , and bustling market places.The survey ship is charged with doing its best to help save the Goompahs from the omega , which will arrive in less than a year , doing what they can to research them , planting listening devices to record Goompah language so that linguists can learn to speak it , and generally obeying the Protocol , which forbids interfering with alien cultures , all while gathering intelligence and seeing if there was anything they could to do save the aliens.While the Academy , lead by the hero of previous books in the Academy series , Priscilla `` Hutch '' Hutchens , scramble to put together a rescue mission to supplement the hard work of the _ William B. Jenkins _ -LRB- the survey ship -RRB- and race there ahead of the cloud , the survey 's ships crew make a discovery . The Goompahs are deathly afraid of humans , as they closely resemble the form taken by the demons of their mythology . Under no circumstance will they stand to listen to human visitors , but instead run away screaming.Essentially the book is one long rescue plan , as the Academy struggles to save a race that they ca n't talk to -LRB- they learn the language rather well but have to face deep-seated prejudices against the human form -RRB- from a force they can not stop and probably ca n't divert . Much of the book along the way is also an exploration of Goompah culture , which comes off as I thought a bit idyllic , even utopian , though explanations are offered at the end as well . The book is also a tale of the study of the mysterious nature of the omegas . What is their origin ? Are they artificial or natural ? Where do they come from?All in all a good adventure book , it had an interesting climatic ending .
 Finally , a book in the `` Hutch '' series that does n't lean heavily on drawn out rescue after drawn out rescue . In this case , the entire book is a drawn out rescue ... and it works.In `` Omega '' , a massive , moving cloud in space is threatening to wipe out a newly discovered civilization on a distant planet . The peaceful , quaint alien race must be saved - but without being aware that humans have intervened . What follows is an extended exploration of the alien civilization and a desperate attempt to save them without them being aware that they 've been saved . `` Omega '' may be one of the best Jack McDevitts I 've read so far . He stopped relying on tense-jam-everyone-must-get-out-of after tense-jam-everyone-must-get-out-of and started delving into ideas with more focus than he 's shown in this series since the first novel , `` The Engines of God '' . He raises some interesting questions about religion and human nature without beating you over the head with a message , and wraps it up in a pretty good yarn with some fine moments . Some aspects of the alien society he creates are a little difficult to swallow in that they 're way too human - but in some ways , that 's kind of the point . The civilization presented here are an innocent , almost idealized version of what we could be if we abandoned war and the like.All in all , a solid book with some good ideas , strong characters and enjoyable ` puzzles ' for those characters to solve . It 's not a fast-paced book , but in the context of `` Omega '' that works just fine . McDevitt continues to prove he 's one of the best idea men in science fiction today .
 This book is a page turner for science fiction fans . I found myself unable to put it down . This is my first McDevitt book and I will find his other books.The story , although a bit far fetched , has enough suspense to keep the reader guessing what 's going on and what will happen . Meanwhile , the book has certain humor and philosophy that I liked . A well written book and a good read .
 The ending to Omega is not what you would expect ; however , it fits so well with the universe that McDevitt has created . It is a fitting finale to the omega chain of events begun in The Engines of the Gods . I certainly look forward to the next novel set in this universe.The ending may seem disappointing at first , but upon reflection it could n't have been a more suitable , even perfect , solution to the purpose of the Omega clouds.It 's been months since I 've read the book and I still smile at the conclusion . That says it all .
 Once again Jack McDevitt delivers a hard sci fi thriller set in the not too distant future . This time the deadly omega clouds are approaching an small planet called Lookout 3000 lightyears from earth . A small survey team heads for the planet to determine whether any life exists , and at the last minute they discover a race of beings.Now it is a race between human technology and the deadly omega clouds to attempt a recue of an entire planet . But 3000 light years is still a very long ways away , and it comes down to a handful of heroic people to attempt the impossible.I never miss a McDevitt novel and you should n't either .
 Good read I enjoyed it . Good end to hutch series I recommend the book to anyone who likes science fiction
 Excellent as usual from McDavitt . interesting story well developed and well told . Hard to put it down once you started . Recommend for SciFi fans .
 Being the hard science fiction fan I am , it should come as no surprise that Jack McDevitt has become one of my new favorite authors of the field . Omega is arguably some of his best work , and by far the best book in the Academy series.To put it simply , Omega is deep , fun , and very mysterious . If your a sci-fi fan or a McDevitt fan in general , this book is for you .
 By 2230 , humanity has known about the Omega Clouds for a quarter of a century . They seem to hunt planets where signs of civilization exist . When they find them , they destroy all life forms and geometric shapes and angles . Even though an omega cloud is due to pass Earth in nine centuries , not much research has been done on them because humanity believes they have plenty of time to find a way of dealing with them.Time runs out when mankind discovers a sentient race of humanoids , so much like us they could be our cousins . An Omega cloud has diverted from its path when it finds the world of Goompahs and the masses on Earth do not want them killed . Linguists , scientists and socialists from all over the galaxy race to the newly discovered civilized world -LRB- technologically on a level with Ancient Rome -RRB- to try to find a way of destroying the Omega . Failing that they hope to convince the Goompah 's to flee their cities and seek higher ground so that they will survive the coming catastrophe.It is great to watch a united galaxy use all its power to save a newly discovered sentient race -LRB- a rare find in the McDevitt universe -RRB- despite the danger they bring unto themselves . The society of the Goombahs is examined in such great depth that readers will feel they have actually visited their planet . As more is learned about the Omegas , mankind comes to believe they are not forces of nature but things constructed by an unknown entity . Mr. McDevitt is one of this decade 's great world builders.Harriet Klausner
 For 30 years now the Omega clouds have been on humanity 's radar . These gigantic space-born clouds of unknown origin glide benignly through the galaxy , until they encounter a civilization . With little mercy the clouds then change course and annihilate the civilization . Priscilla `` Hutch '' Hutchins has seen it before ... or at least the remains of the civilizations that have been struck by these clouds . She was on the mission that discovered the clouds 30 years ago . Now , a cloud has changed course and it is Hutch 's job -LRB- she is director of operations for the Academy -RRB- to put together a mission to save a previously unknown , living alien civilization from the cloud.As usual , McDevitt does a remarkable job in eliciting a sense of wonder of the unknown ; in this case , his description of the alien civilization ... the Goompahs ... is marvelous . The Goompahs -LRB- a human-coined word for the aliens -RRB- are wonderful beings . They are like and unlike us in numerous ways . McDevitt does extremely well describing those ways . He makes it clear , that some things are universal -LRB- like math and how they use it their daily lives , in their architecture for instance -RRB- , while other things , like their political and sexual mores , are completely different.How would contact with a more technologically primitive culture than our own be viewed from the aliens point of view ? How would it be viewed from our point of view ? McDevitt asks and sets forth his own answers to these questions and more in a fundamentally believable way.The only disappointments in the book are minor . I would have liked a bit more contact with the Goompahs . The Goompah female Macao , with her part right , part wrong view of her physical world , was extremely interesting , and I do n't think McDevitt took her storyline quite far enough . The only other problem I had with the story was that we never really find out for sure what the Omega clouds really are ... only a suggestion . Also , there is no attempt to trace them back to their source to see who is behind them . While the clouds provide the underlying foundation for the story , they really take second place to the descriptions and interactions of the alien culture and how humanity views it ... this was as it should be.Omega is what science fiction should be about . Discovery . The discovery of what is unknown , what is actually `` Out There '' , and the discovery of ourselves , pushing our limits , and figuring out what we are really capable of . Omega is supposed to be the last of the Hutch novels ... hopefully this will not be the case . Omega is highly recommended to any with any curiousity at all .
 Finally , a book in the `` Hutch '' series that does n't lean heavily on drawn out rescue after drawn out rescue . In this case , the entire book is a drawn out rescue ... and it works.In `` Omega '' , a massive , moving cloud in space is threatening to wipe out a newly discovered civilization on a distant planet . The peaceful , quaint alien race must be saved - but without being aware that humans have intervened . What follows is an extended exploration of the alien civilization and a desperate attempt to save them without them being aware that they 've been saved . `` Omega '' may be one of the best Jack McDevitts I 've read so far . He stopped relying on tense-jam-everyone-must-get-out-of after tense-jam-everyone-must-get-out-of and started delving into ideas with more focus than he 's shown in this series since the first novel , `` The Engines of God '' . He raises some interesting questions about religion and human nature without beating you over the head with a message , and wraps it up in a pretty good yarn with some fine moments . Some aspects of the alien society he creates are a little difficult to swallow in that they 're way too human - but in some ways , that 's kind of the point . The civilization presented here are an innocent , almost idealized version of what we could be if we abandoned war and the like.All in all , a solid book with some good ideas , strong characters and enjoyable ` puzzles ' for those characters to solve . It 's not a fast-paced book , but in the context of `` Omega '' that works just fine . McDevitt continues to prove he 's one of the best idea men in science fiction today .
 In this latest space opera/hard sci-fi novel penned by veteran sci-fi novelist McDevitt Priscilla Hutchins a recurring lead character , has moved up in The Academy Hierarchy . Yet that does n't prevent her from lighting this novel up the way she has lit up his previous novels.Omega is a malevelant -LRB- presumably -RRB- destroyer of civilizations , a space-cloud that had wiped out a couple societys in the distant setting in which the novel is based in , and there is an Omega clou heading to earth in oh about 900 years or so . Therefore nobody takes nuch notice of the far from imminent crisis , as they study the phenomenom in the most abstract terms . Until a sentient race is discovered on a planet due to be hit by an Omega in the very near future . The inhibitants or Goombahs as the media has dubbed them are a very cute and popular species making the effort to divert the cloud and save them even more politically intense . Priscilla almost launches a rescue mission of teams forbidden to break protocol i.e. letting the `` Goombah 's '' learn of the human existence which makes the mission even more unlikely to succeed.McDevitt has been given due for his ability to create alien systems/races and planets . This is clearly a novel of him highlighting his strengths as a writer as the Goombah 's are almost more fully characterized than their human counterparts . The reader is made to fully understand the workings of Goombah society , their daily life , entertainment sexual practices , religious maxims etc. . . I surmise the author went out of his way to use this book as an expression of some of his own beliefs and values , there were passages I drew an imaginary parallel to Gulliver 's Travels . The Literati would probably be offended by such a comparision , yet I feel McDevitt echoed some of Swift 's message in a far away setting in the far future . This is more than mere entertainment and high space drama , it is a story with meaning -LRB- whether intentionally inserted into the tale by the author or not the meaning is still evident to this reviewer and can be interpreted by any reader however they like . -RRB- There are no clear answers to the Omega offered by McDevitt but I think that was part of his point and should not subtract from one 's enjoyment of this book .
 Still almost 900 years away from Earth , the Omega clouds - malevolent energy masses that drift through the universe , destroying any civilization they encounter - are nobody 's immediate worry . Until an Omega veers toward an unexplored system , and a planet that happens to have a very appealing , pre-technological civilization on it.In the conclusion to McDevitt 's trilogy -LRB- `` The Engines of God , '' `` Chindi '' -RRB- , former astronaut Priscilla `` Hutch '' Hutchins , is now married , a mother and a Space Academy administrator . It 's her job to figure out how to save the cute aliens , staying within Protocol if possible . Which means no contact that might disrupt or influence their development.Jack Markover has spent his working life seeking alien civilizations and the Goompahs - named after similarly appealing TV characters - are the first he 's found . In nine months the Omega is going to obliterate them . He ca n't let it happen.David Collingdale saw the Omega 's destruction first hand , and it left him obsessed with stopping them . When Hutch hastily throws together a rescue mission from Earth , he insists on leading it . But the mission wo n't arrive for almost nine months , so Markover and his crew have to try and convince the Goompahs to flee their cities , while feeding data back to Collingdale 's scientists and linguists . Meanwhile the scientists back on Earth are working on the problem and the newspapers are clamoring for rescue.There are a lot of characters involved - in various spaceships and on Earth - and a number of subplots including a romance and mysterious exploding stars that were never stars . McDevitt spices his suspenseful story with plenty of humor and irony -LRB- only occasionally heavy-handed -RRB- and his characters are credible and sympathetic . The rescue attempt goes down to the wire , naturally , and McDevitt 's characters pull out all the stops for an exciting , satisfying finish .
 I pretty much advance order everything that McDevitt writes as soon as it gets listed on Amazon . Omega is another one of his excellent books . It should be read in sequence after Engine of the Gods and it provides details filling in other McDevitt novels ' plot lines .
 This is a great book as are all of McDevitt 's works . However , I have never seen this before in all my years of reading , the copy I received from Amazon had a mix up in printing . Pages 83 through114 were missing . In their place were pages 371 through 402 which which were also in their right place in the book . So I never got to read 33 crucial pages of the book .
 After reading the first three books , Engines of God , Deepsix , and Chindi , Omega was a much faster pace read for me , I went through nearly half the book in a single sitting . I like the epicness of the overall story arc of the character , in that it takes so many books and so much effort to get through it all . It 's like getting to watch all the Star Wars movies at the theatre for the price of one ticket . Although I 'm very curious to find out what the wave on the cover relates to . It keeps me reading to find out . Very good , entertaining read in my opinion , much heavier on the action and scientific mystery plot advancement , than previous titles . Almost Indiana Jones-esque .
 I have read this book twice now and even liked it better the second time through . There are really three good stories going on here . One with the clouds themselves , one with the ground operation , and one with the politics at home through Hutch . Hutch makes a far better administrator than I ever enjoyed her in the field.The best part about this novel is that it really gives us what we wanted from McDevitt all along - another race ! He 's mentioned the Nok , but we know nothing about them . We 've been through ruins , seen hints , but never before do we get a different culture and society out of it.As well , it moves quickly and is enjoyable to read . I highly recommend this book . It may not change the world , but it 's great fun .
 Without having read any other stories in the `` series '' first , I very much enjoyed this novel . I was quite taken with the planet and the people described , and was sorry that there was probably not going to be any sequel using the same setting.One of his themes is `` No True Aliens '' , whereby the aliens are pretty much just like us in mind . This is contrary to the current trend which is to make aliens as different as possible , getting away from the less imaginative aliens of previous generations.More recently , I read Engines of God , and found it to be a much weaker book . I noticed the same themes of `` No True Aliens '' and the technology-hunting clouds , and figured he reused the plot elements in somewhat different form . I did n't know at the time that they are in fact part of the same series . I also did n't have the problem of missing the connecting character who is present only in a secondary role.Certainly , Omega stands alone as a story . If you 've not read any of this series , do n't worry about reading them in order . This is a much stronger book , better written and engaging . I would say it 's one of the most enjoyable SF novels I 've read in the past two years .
 Set a couple of centuries from now , after mankind has begun to explore the galaxy , this novel is about deadly clouds of energy called omegas . Their purpose seems to be to wipe out any civilization they encounter . A cloud is heading for Earth , but it wo n't arrive for another 900 years . While research continues into what makes omegas tick , it 's a problem for future humans . It becomes an immediate crisis when a survey ship reports that the cloud has turned , and is heading for a previously unexplored system . It just happens to contain a thriving , pre-industrial civilization , and the cloud will arrive in a few months.In many years of diligent searching , mankind has found a number of dead civilizations , but only two living ones , neither of whom are interested in Contact with anyone . Saving this civilization suddenly becomes Top Priority . An exploration ship already in the area is able to sneak on to the surface , and the personnel plants many audio and video pickups , beaming language to a ship full of linguists , already in transit . Their ship , in bad need of an overhaul , is pressed into service too early , and breaks down before reaching the planet . A supply ship is able to join the exploration ship , and an attempt is made to fool with the planet 's weather , hiding the cities under thick clouds . All attempts to stop the cloud , or alter its course , fail.For the humans already in orbit , how do they tell the inhabitants that they must immediately flee their cities ? Who do they tell ? Will their warnings be heeded ? How do they do it without violating the Noninterference Directive?As usual with McDevitt , this story is first-rate from beginning to end . It has good characters , and few , if any , wasted words . It does a fine job of holding the attention of the reader .
 He 's one of the best writers in modern science fiction . He explains his technology somewhat , but not to the point you need an advanced degree in physics to understand -LRB- that might even hurt ! -RRB- and has very character driven stories .
 Omega is a nice round up for the series . Chindi and Engines of God were both very good , and Omega is no slouch . It follows the same course of the other two books in which there is a long buildup and an explosive ending . McDivit is amazing at portraying the possible direction of extraterrestrial civilizations . His portrayal of the peace loving Goombas in this book is very extraordinary and yet lends itself to inductive reasoning . Simply an enthralling book .
 Most novels follow a story relatively tightly , and generally the relatively few characters are important throughout the whole plot . `` Omega '' is not such a novel . There are two main threads , loosely linked . In the far future , a destructive cloud called an ` Omega ' will wreak havoc on Earth . The first thread is what most people would imagine would be the primary thread , the discovery of just what these Omega Clouds are . Instead , it 's the second thread , the efforts to save another planetary civilization from another Omega Cloud , which takes center stage.For those who find Priscilla Hutchins their favorite character in this ` series ' -LRB- a loose series at best , as it 's generally possible to read any given book without reading the others -RRB- , disappointment likely awaits . She 's relegated to a much different , and lesser , role than in the previous books . McDevitt also generally introduces a great many characters in his books , and this is no exception . Many of the characters are described and appear in what seems a prominent role , only to be relegated to the sidelines . Characters die , sometimes with shocking suddenness . Questions are brought up and then seemingly ignored -LRB- although he rather ` tidily ' answers all questions at the end in an odd ` voice ' . It 's written much like the text that appears at the end of movies , describing what happens to everyone after the main events , and feels a bit jarring.Other than what felt like a jarring ending , the book was well done . The writing style is clear and evocative , and I like that there are touches like ` newspaper headlines ' at the end of some chapters to give a hint at the kind of world the characters live in outside of the events of the story . The characters are well defined , in spite of the number of them , but sometimes inconsistency in their reactions occur . At least they appear inconsistent because we as the reader , do n't get enough time to learn about most of the characters in depth due to the sheer number of them . The pacing goes from slow and leisurely to fast and furious.In short , this does n't come across as a highly technical , tight , piece of writing . It comes across instead much as life does . There are flaws yes , but it 's worth a read for those wanting intelligent , thoughtful sci-fi .
 I enjoyed this book , because it 's part of the series about the omega clouds , and I 've enjoyed the other books , and was looking forward to a good conclusion.However , I felt this book was n't quite as strong as the other `` Hutch '' books that McDevitt has written -LRB- Engines of God , Deepsix , Chindi , ... -RRB- . The problem , as some other reviewers have pointed out , is that there are far too many minor characters to keep track of . You never really get to know any of them , and it really becomes confusing trying to remember who is who , and why you even care what happens to each particular character.It 's hard to really figure out who is the main character in this book . It certainly is n't Hutch , as she spends all of her time in an administrative role back home.The other main problem is that I felt the book kind of bogged down and got a bit slow towards the middle . The main characters were spending most of their time observing an alien civilization , and there really was n't much action . They observed minute details about the aliens , such as who was going to marketplaces , who was going to lectures , etc , and it just really was n't that interesting . When the action finally picks up near the end , everything is very predictable . It 's not as good as Deepsix or Chindi where you were really drawn into the struggle of the characters.The final attempt at an explanation of what the omega clouds purpose is was a little weak . I wo n't spoil things by giving away any details , but I sure would n't mind if McDevitt forgot this ending and wrote another book that offered a better attempt at a final explanation.McDevitt also kills off minor characters far too easily . I swear in each of his books , theres been some bonehead character who takes a laser cutter to some alien artifact with obvious results . I mean , these people are scientists , explorers , archaeologists , etc -- they should have more sense than they do.All that being said , I would still recommend this book , especially if you 've read the others in the series . The writing is good , and entertaining .
 ... but still a very good read.Maybe I 'm just not very bright , as some other reviews might suggest , but I enjoyed McDevitt 's story mainly because the `` Goompah '' characters were as human as they were -LRB- no , I do n't enjoy Barney -RRB- . McDevitt left most of the `` wonder '' of discovery out of this story , deciding instead to tell the tale of a race about to face the Omegas rather than repeat the story of finding planets and remnants of civilisations that have already fought and lost their battle with the clouds.I thought it was well done , and will continue to enjoy McDevitt 's future work .
 General Outline : Priscilla `` Hutch '' Hutchens is just trying to enjoy her new directors job at the academy when one of those pesky omega clouds -LRB- if its not natural the cloud descends on it and destroys whatever intelligent life it finds , space ships , planets , etc -RRB- turns up . Unfortunatley since they were first discovered , by her on her first mission , there has n't been much progress on doing anything about them . After all what 's the big deal , it 's 1000 years away from earth , its sombody elses problem . This cloud though does not want to follow the rules and it turns when it detects life on a planet the humans were not aware of . So starts the race to either destroy the cloud or turn it away from the defenseless planet and maybe finally understand what the clouds are exactly . ------- If you like books that have a lot of detail but keeps the story moving you proably wont be able to put this book down . If on the other hand you dont like a story that bounces around a bit between the numerous characters with a few fast forwards and then rewinds and then slows down towards the middle ... do n't put the book down the end makes up for when the omega cloud finally reaches the planet . Then its * focused * . I really like this book , these type do n't seem to come around much where the author makes the nuts and bolts of things really interesting . The only thing that was a little annoying was the fact that most of the main characters from the previous books are older , therefore in some cases they ca n't do what they want due to careers -LRB- Hutch -RRB- , tunnel vision -LRB- David -RRB- , and various other minor charaters -LRB- this book is definetly THE END for some characters -RRB- it may be realistic but its annoying because there annoyed that they cant go out there beat the alien baddie up . All in all would recommend this to anyone who likes good fast paced scifi .
 Jack McDevitt just does n't serve you a meal , he offers you a spectacle , a fascination , a characterization with thrills & spills on every page , & always an irresistible storyline that makes you burn the midnight oil.Rebeccasreads highly recommends OMEGA for a spellbinding dream of a sci-fi space opera ! Grand stuff !
 Okay , first off - this was , hands down , the best McDevitt I 've read to date . If you 've not read McDevitt , and are at all a fan of Science Fiction , you need to go out there and find yourself a copy of ` The Engines of God , ' ` Infinity Beach , ' ` Deepsix , ' and ` Chindi . ' Now . If you 're not a huge fan of Science Fiction , let me tell you , though there 's some astrophysics in there , McDevitt writes a lot more sociologically , adventure-action , and philosophically than nearly any other contemporary science fiction author I know , with the exception of Robert J. Sawyer . That said , his style is quite deft , as is Sawyer 's , and a lot of people just do n't ` get ' it - as is obvious from some of the reviews written here . I happily suggest reading a chapter in the store prior to purchase , though I 've yet to meet someone while working in my bookstore 's Sci-Fi section who did n't like McDevitt.Okay , fan-boy praising hereby endeth.The story picks up the character of Priscilla Hutchins -LRB- who , now married and with a kiddy , plays a much more administrative and planet-bound role -RRB- and the storyline of the Omega clouds . Strange clouds that pop up , find anything remotely geometrical -LRB- especially , say , buildings -RRB- , and blast them to bits . They 're all over the universe , but why worry , as the one heading towards earth is not due for another , oh , nine hundred years . Yawn.But one of them being tracked by the Academy makes a right turn , and this time , in McDevitt 's nearly lifeless galaxy , seems to be setting its sights on levelling an alien race who are somewhere around the Ancient Greece level of evolution . In about nine months.The race is on - but to do what ? Try to stop the cloud - no one knows how . Try to save the race - again , how do you save a race that 's about to be hit by tsunamis , tidal waves , tornadoes and all the other horrid things the Omega clouds do ? Obviously , it would be wrong to step in , break protocol , and talk to the natives?Right?The story is very high paced , and as is always McDevitt 's style , you never know who will make it to the end -LRB- he is not above killing off a character in a completely realistic fashion - by which I mean there 's no hero capable of dodging all the bullets all the time -RRB- , and his tendancy to through in a few philosophical characters absolutely shines in this book . McDevitt , as always , delivered a solid adventure worthy of any Sci-Fi buff 's attention , but in a manner accessible to those who do n't read Sci-Fi on a regular basis . Superb !
 `` Omega '' is the fourth novel in the Priscilla Hutchins series , and quite possibly the last , though I hope not.The archaelogical mysteries which were prevalent in the first three books are gone , replaced by a xeno-sociology/rescue mission . A new , thriving medieval civilization has been discovered on the world of Lookout . There 's just one catch
 `` Omega '' is the fourth novel in the Priscilla Hutchins series , and quite possibly the last , though I hope not.The archaelogical mysteries which were prevalent in the first three books are gone , replaced by a xeno-sociology/rescue mission . A new , thriving medieval civilization has been discovered on the world of Lookout . There 's just one catch
 Some readers do n't seem to grok Jack McDevitt , but he remains one of my all-time favorite writers of science fiction - and Omega did not disappoint this fan . He may take technological shortcuts at times , but McDevitt is a master at creating exceedingly human characters and seeing what they will do in futuristic sociological situations . In Omega , the story revolves around a newly discovered , intelligent alien race - one that unknowingly lies in the path of imminent destruction.McDevitt 's readers have followed Patricia `` Hutch '' Hutchinson through some wonderfully exciting adventures -LRB- in The Engines of God , Deepsix , and Chindi -RRB- . In what looks to be the final Hutch novel , the focus shifts considerably . The intrepid hero of past jaunts now finds herself behind a desk , serving as the Director of Operations at the Academy , when word comes in that intelligent life has been discovered on a distant planet . Mankind had come close before , finding two exceedingly primitive alien societies , turning up lost artifacts on a number of worlds left by the mysterious Monument-Makers , and discovering a gigantic ship that served effectively as a museum of past interstellar races . Overshadowing everything was the discovery of omega clouds , wholly mysterious entities roaming the universe and destroying life-bearing planets . One of these omega clouds is headed for Earth , but governments and scientists have put little money into research efforts because the cloud is not due for another 900 years . The newly-discovered inhabitants of the planet unceremoniously dubbed Lookout , however , have a mere nine months before seemingly inevitable destruction.Hutch coordinates the rushed effort to get people out there to do what they can to save lives . Because of their resemblance to a popular children 's cartoon character , the inhabitants there are dubbed Goompahs - and the people of earth fall in love with them -LRB- which raises all sorts of issues in and of itself -RRB- . The first Academy personnel to reach the planet surreptitiously stash recording devices all over the place , allowing scientists and linguists to begin trying to interpret the language and understand the culture based on recorded conversations , debates , plays , etc. . The Goompahs are unusual in that they live comparatively simple lives seemingly free of war and full of play ; their cities all cluster around a central isthmus , and they seem to have no desire to expand across their seas . They are , in essence , many a scientist 's dream come true - but they will all be dead within the year unless mankind can figure out a way to save them -LRB- and to do so in such a way that they are not alerted to mankind 's presence -RRB- . An intensive effort is made to destroy or divert the deadly cloud - and to camouflage the Goompah cities in the event the cloud does hit . As disaster draws nigh , brilliant minds try to figure out a way to warn the Goompahs of the coming cataclysm and evacuate them to higher ground - Protocol or no Protocol . Everyone involved becomes fascinated by these noble innocents and their simple yet enlightened Goompah philosophy of life . This is the equivalent of a sociological study of an alien culture - and McDevitt works his way through all sorts of ethical dilemmas and provocative questions in his typically deft , insightful manner . As the cloud closes in , the pace of the story goes into overdrive , and true heroes emerge on both sides of the alien divide . It feels strange not to have Hutch out there making more of her patented miracles happen , but the scientists on the frontlines of this unprecedented effort grow into well-developed characters capable of producing some on-the-fly magic of their own.Omega does have a few small faults , however . Technology such as light-benders -LRB- allowing for invisibility -RRB- makes things far too easy for the scientists , a couple of human dimensions of the story -LRB- especially the early death of one of the project leaders due to another person 's moment of utter stupidity -RRB- do n't have the lasting impact they should have , and the ultimate explanation of the omega clouds themselves is rather disappointing . Still , McDevitt never fails to sweep me up in the events he describes , and I enjoyed this novel just as much as the author 's earlier works in the Hutch series .
 Omega is the fourth novel in the Hutch series , following Chindi . In the first volume of this series , Priscilla `` Hutch '' Hutchins piloted the expedition that discovered the omega clouds in 2202 . Twenty-eight years later , an omega cloud turned from its path and approached Moonlight -LRB- Brinkman IV -RRB- , an iceworld with extensive ruins . David Collingdale led an Academy team that tried to destroy the cloud with nuclear weapons . Although the bombs tore great holes in the cloud , it recovered and carried through the attack , yet missed one city hidden within a blizzard.In this novel , four years later , Hutch is acting Director for Operations at the Academy . She receives word from Broadside that another omega cloud , 3000 lightyears away , has turned from its path and that an academy ship , the Bill Jenkins , has been diverted to check the target system for artificial structures . Elsewhere , other Academy ships have been investigating the omega clouds . The Peter Quaqmor team find something unusual directly in front of their cloud
 I was a bit shocked to see such an angry review of this book by an earlier reviewer . I guess some people just dont get mcdveitt . Some people didnt understand heinlein either i suppose.I 'm not saying Mcdevitt is on par with heinlein , but the style of writing is very similar . If you are looking for hard SF , with science driven stories , this isnt for you . If you like character and idea driven stories , with a SF background , this is an ideal book , although not as good as some of the earlier in the series -LRB- The Engines of God , Deepsix , Chindi ... although it really isnt neccessary to have read any of them before this one . While they do follow a sequence , they 're stand alone books as well , the older books would just provide more background -RRB- The plot is more or less summarised in the reviews above , so i wont go into that . If you 've liked Mcdevitt in the past , you will enjoy this as well . If you havent liked him , well , his writing hasnt changed , and probably wont . I 'd reccommend the book to those who havent started in on Mcdevitt yet , but would reccommend starting with The Engines of God first as i feel it 's a better starting point that jumping into this one .
 Chindi was the first `` Hutch '' novel I read and I suppose it 's only natural that others are judged against that book . Jack McDevitt writes with the flair of a scientist . His novels deal with humans and our exploration and encounters with other alien lifeforms . He paints on a broad canvas with large strokes and this almost magisterial presentation covers up a few faults , both of which are common to many writers.By far the worst error is the use of too many characters . It is not that they are not interesting but the abundance of people -LRB- and having to follow their small storylines -RRB- gets in the way of the `` real '' story . For example , in this book there are the group at the Academy , her family , three separate ships and the group that has landed on the planet.Secondly , scientific progress is startling but society and politics seems static for 200 years . The many references to composers and authors of the 18th-20th century is just not realistic . The reproduction of headlines is a really BAD idea - it approaches parody.But that is not to say this is not an excellent read . The writing is , of course , literate , no obscenities , knowledgable and always interesting . The presentation of Hutch 's saga , now with Tor and their daughter , was just the right touch , almost understated in tone . The love story between the explorers was another good point . The Goompahs were too human-like but that is part of our anthropomorphic tendencies . The ending was , like much else , delivered at low key only with a touch of poetry . The tie-in between Tor , Hutch 's view on life , the alien 's purpose for the Omega and art was a tour de force .
 A quiet , contemplative read . Readers accustomed to McDevitt 's earlier works will enjoy this book . His style tends to resemble that of Asimov 's books . The book is hard science fiction , but far removed from the grand space opera of clashing Dreadnought fleets in David Weber 's work , or the technopolistic beepings of William Gibson . The action scenes in Omega , while well done , are comparatively low key . It is the idea that dominates , that of robots -LRB- or somethings -RRB- going from star to star , destroying civilisations that make buildings . In some ways a toned down version of Saberhagen 's berserker hypothesis . The Omega clouds do not try to kill all life . And given that Saberhagen has not published anything recently about berserkers , McDevitt 's musings are the best that you will find , from a current major author.The descriptive prose is minimal . Again you can see the resemblance to Asimov 's works . The planetary scenes include several in the countryside of an inhabited world . McDevitt 's sparse sketchings of this stand in utter contrast to the baroque lushness of Steve Stirling 's rural worlds .
 Chindi was the first McDevitt book I read and I was hooked . I was really looking forward to this book and was not disappointed . Between reading Chindi and Omega , I read all of his books except Moonfall which I am still trying to get.I think the best thing about McDevitt 's writing is that he does include so many characters and not every one is important to the story -- hey , welcome to life ! How many people are in the `` story '' of your life , you know their bio , they come and go , but they are not integral to the plot.He is simply a superb writer . I have brow-beat two people in my life who have no interest in reading sci-fi to read his books and they are also hooked.No book is perfect , so take all the criticisms with a grain of sand . Read anything and everything Jack McDevitt has written . Omega is not a bad place to start .
 Mike Gayle makes a point about how our society values perpetual youth , so that when people turn 30 , they freak out . I went through it myself in July . Thankfully , the book is written with a lot of humor so that a potentially painful subject becomes entertaining.Our protagonist , Matt Beckford , is a likable guy . A British expat , he 's living with his girlfriend in New York . The problem is , his girlfriend does n't feel the spark anymore , and neither does he , although they 're great friends . After an almost unbelievably amicable parting , Matt goes home to England to live with his parents for four months between jobs . -LRB- He 's getting transferred to the Australia office of his software development company in four months -RRB- . Once he 's in England , Matt catches up with all his old mates from high school , who are all nearing 30 or already turned . He also encounters Ginny Pascoe , a sort-of girlfriend from high school . In the past , they constantly hooked up , but they never had a real relationship . Ginny is dating someone now , but she and Matt start spending a lot of time together . Matt also stays in touch with Elaine via email as he tries to figure out how he feels about turning 30 and his life in general.Mike Gayle has not really caught on in the US , that I can see , and that strikes me as a shame . His books always have likable , funny , immediately relatable characters . They happen to be very funny as well.My one complaint about this book was the ending . It was n't predictable at all , but it was n't entirely satisfying . However , he may write a sequel , because this is the book most of his fans have asked him to write a sequel to . I 'm looking forward to it !
 Mike Gayle is big in the UK , but for some reason he has n't caught on to the same extent over here . I do n't quite know why , because Gayle can write some blissfully -LRB- and sometimes wistfully -RRB- funny stuff . Plus his characters are endearing , sympathetic and human -- even if sometimes they act rude , egotistical or boorish . Turning Thirty is just as humourous and absorbing as Gayle 's previous work , which means it 's operating at a pretty high standard indeed .
 This book was my first experience reading the work of Mike Gayle , and I am please to report that I plan to read more of his books in the future ! I enjoyed this book for the most part , which surprised me because I was a bit hesitant to read it since I am still several years from 30 and typically do n't read books written from the male point of view.The book did make me think about goals I have set for myself and how life rarely turns out just as you plan it to in high school . I thought the main characters were well-developed and I was surprised by the ending ... a nice treat ! I cracked up everytime the author mentioned a previous classmate then put in -LRB- -RRB- what he/she was predicted to be in high school and what he/she ended up being.I would certainly recommend this book to any reader around the age of 30 . I caught myself thinking of old friends and experiences from my hometown that I had n't thought of for awhile while reading this one . It 's a good book to read if you 're starting to feel like life has n't taken the turns you hoped it would by your 10-year reunion ! : -RRB- I do recommend this book !
 Excellent book . Nostalgic in parts and very funny.One of the few books marketed as comedy that made me laugh.Whether you 're approaching 30 or another big birthday this will set you thinking -LRB- and laughing -RRB- .
 OMG ... This book is soooooo brilliant.It was as though I had stole my brothers diary and was reading it.Mike is an amazing Author . I am defiantly going to read more of his books.The characters he uses are like so many people I know.This is a must read for any male or female of any age.I do n't want to write anything about the story line as I do n't want to spoil it , all I can say is , `` If you need a good read this will not disappoint you.Thank the lord for Authors like Mike!MINXEMOO 'S BOOK REVIEW ... 10/10
 I picked up this book because -LRB- being on the verge of the big three-oh myself -RRB- the title caught my attention . Rarely do you find a voice which is present , introspective , and relatable for both men and women . But this book accomplished that.It was a great balance of introspection , taking stock , and hopefulness for the future . My favorite quote is about the difference betweeen what turning thirty means for a guy and what it means for a girl . But I wo n't ruin it for you.I will tell you that I 've already recommended the book to three friends , and that I also wholeheartedly recommend it to you !
 Turning Thirty was just the right kind of book for exactly the kind of mood I was in . Perfectly pitched between comedy and pathos I loved every single word . This is the first Mike Gayle I 've ever read and I would describe it as somewhere between a Steve Horsfall and a Nick Hornby novel , i.e. British , quirky and so well observed .
 Being a little over two years away from the big three oh myself this book struck a chord with me . Many of Gayle 's observations about how one feels as they approach thirty were not only hilarious but also right on the money.Matt Beckford is turning thirty in about 89 days and his life is falling apart ! He thought by the age of thirty he would have it all together , the fancy high paying job , the woman who was `` the one '' to spend his life with and the trendy house complete with the requisite `` thirty-people 's '' wine rack . However , Matt finds himself three months away from his birthday moving out of his live in girlfriend 's apartment and back to Birmingham to live with , dare I say it ... his PARENTS ! Now Matt has to figure out what turning thirty really means and he enlist the help of some of his oldest friends to figure it out.This is the third novel by Gayle that I have had the pleasure of reading and he is definitely a very talented and witty author whose voice has never gotten lost in his stories . As popular as Gayle is in the UK it is surprising that he is n't better known it the US however now with the wide re-release of ` TURNING THIRTY ' he may just find himself at the top of the US 's best sellers list soon .
 As he closed in on the Big 3-0 computer expert Matt Beckford feels pretty good about his future after the past somewhat tumultuous decade . His symbols that he is making it are his wine rack with wine and his girlfriend Elaine . However , as the countdown to maturity continues , Matt suffers several setbacks starting with an amiable split with Elaine and ending with his forced exile from New York to return to his hometown of Birmingham , England to live under his parents ' roof while he prepares for a move to Australia.As the countdown continues , Matt meets friends from his schooldays , which make him ponder the two key teenage questions of life
 The inimitable and dapper Lucifer Fox , doyenne of Edwardian London society . He 's handsome , debonair , and admittedly bisexual , and also lives at Number Nine Downing Street , `` because someone has to . '' Lucifer is an artist by day , and a cold , calculating killer , by night , a ruthless assassin for the British government . So it comes as no surprise , that in the opening chapter The Vesuvius Club , we see him casually disposing of an enemy of the State.When Professors Verdigris and Sash , two prominent scientists are discovered murdered , Mr. Joshua Reynolds , a dwarf in the employ of The Royal Academy of Arts , entrusts Lucifer with the task of finding the perpetrator . The scientists chosen field was something rather bewildering , to do with the molten core of the earth . They ended up forming some sort of research team and traveling to Italy . His search for their killers is n't as easy as Lucifer first thought , and as the trail thickens , our intrepid hero finds himself in danger of his life.Author , Mark Gatiss peppers his narrative with eccentric Edwardian characters , `` whey faced poets , frayed-cuffed artists ; all the splendid flotsam of bohemian London life . '' Lucifer is equally at home in both London 's Imperial grandeur as he is in the underworld of crazed vice that seethes beneath . He 's a man who is geographically at the very beating heart of the Empire , yet as much as an outcast as the greatest of his calling has been.Lucifer 's search for the missing scientists eventually takes him to Naples , where he meets Charlie Jackpot , a young hunk , who also becomes his lover and servant . Charlie introduces him to the Vesuvius Club , a den of iniquity that in reality is a front for a sinister and catastrophic plan to destroy the world.Gatiss has become popular writing the popular Dr. Who novels , and their trademark structure is evident here . Each chapter carefully plotted with a huge revelation and climax at the end of each . Layer by layer , character by character , mystery by mystery , the insidious and theatrical plot is revealed , more clues unveiled , all leading to the same , and irrevocable conclusion that the scientists have most likely met an untimely end , and that only Lucifer can possibly save the world.Gatiss deliciously portrays a society roiling with pimps , tarts , and harlots , and where Edwardian sexual ambiguity reigns supreme . There 's evenings of flagrant debauch , especially at the Vesuvius Club , where the primary protagonists are deceitful and amoral , taking pleasure at the prospect of doing harm to other , especially to Charlie and Lucifer . Other cast members prove surprisingly resourceful , although frequently compromised.Gatiss also has an impressive command of idiom , capturing the sycophantic nature of the era in all its self-congratulatory grandeur . Full of dotty and eccentric characters with names like Everard Supple , Miss Fullalove , Jocelyn Poop , and Bella Pock , the author has created a world of thrilling ancient antiquity and combined this with all the excitement of a turn-of the century Dickensian thriller . Mike Leonard November 05 .
 I rarely give out five stars but this stylish , aloofly decadent novella is worth it . A tongue in cheek look borrowed from Wilde and partly from Flemming 's delightful Bond . Lucifer Box is the perfect Victorian gentlemen , with their respect for values and morals-only upheld in the most hypocritical sense , devastatingly beautiful and leading the most successful dual personality since The importance of being Earnest . A bit of fluff certainly , blending all genres into one from horror-gothic , romance , drama and tragedy . With an exaggerated air for the melodramatic , Gatiss leads us on the most addictive journey around England and the ` continent ' . One can almost smell the orchids and feel the sweltering heat of Italy and see the finely cut suits of Mr. Box as he fights ` the forces of evil ' impecabbly cut and dressed with a dashing mysterious femme fatale hanging off his arm . Mr. Box explores all that is truely ` Victorian ' -LRB- in the most underworld , revealing meaning -RRB- in a laugh out loud , yet charismatically seductive way . Read it . Well done Gatiss , a true tour de force .
 Since the plot has been sufficiently covered , I 'll just say that I picked this book up on a whim and I 'm so utterly glad I did . I believe one of the reviews said it best in that one * despairs * when they see the pages disappearing behind them . Fantastically likeable protaginist , deliciously melodramtic plot , and a extrodinarily satisfying sending up of the Bond Girl . I 've finished it but I ca n't bring myself to put it back on the shelf , so it 's also proving itself to be quite re-readable . Honestly one of the most enjoyable books I 've read in ages .
 I sort of won a free edition of this book through a Simon & Schuster UK LiveJournal giveaway . I 'm so grateful for my wicked good luck , I 'm writing a review ! If it encourages anyone to pick up this novel -LRB- which you should do -RRB- , I hope you enjoy it as much as I did -LRB- and I 'm sure you will -RRB- . Lucifer Box is a socialite and a portraitist with dashing good looks , but he 's also one of Britain 's most witty secret agents working for His Majesty 's Government . The Vesuvius Club is a first-person narrative of Edwardian high society with a behind-the-scenes -LRB- most secret -RRB- look at the people churning the cogs that make the world go ` round.This early 20th century who-dunnit tale is punctuated with black ink illustrations that are , appropriately enough , as grotesque and disturbing as some of the weird and dangerous goings-on in the novel itself . Lucifer mixes business with pleasure as he works to pay off a debt of indiscretion known only to him and his boss , Joshua Reynolds . The novel opens with a dazzling display of an artistry of the most deadly variety
 You know this is going to be a saucy book from the very first line
 You know this is going to be a saucy book from the very first line
 I 'm a big fan of Mark Gatiss from his work for Doctor Who and Sherlock . I love his style and that indefinable something about his personality . He 's just so adorable . So delving into this audiobook , read by the author , was inevitable . And this book delivers in everything I was expecting from a novel by Mr. Gatiss . It 's sharply witty , a touch macabre and grotesque , and a thorough romp . The absurd names he gives his characters is already a hint that this story is just a fun ride that should not be taken too seriously . It starts off a little rambly , as the reader gets to experience a few days in the life of Lucifer Box as he does a little research into his assignment and has to deal with the consequences of his very active social life . But when circumstances snowball and the need to solve the mystery of the missing agent becomes urgent , the story picks up it 's pace.With the twists and turns of the plot , the story also becomes more bizarre and less believable . Lucifer gets into some ridiculous scrapes , and the eventual resolution plays on all the tropes of the maniacal uber-villain . The resolution does come at you fast , with about a dozen things happening at once which made for a very compelling listen . It 's a light and fun story with broad , comical characterizations , a charmingly egotistical dandy as narrator and multiple plot threads that are resolved neatly in the end .
 I loved this book , and Lucifer Box ! A complex and delightfully absurd novel set in the early 20th Century , it sets up the series , of which there are two more book ... I am about to order the second one now . Mark Gatiss is , of course , an experienced writer with two Dr. Who episodes and a couple of Sherlock Holmes episodes to his credit . Clearly he had loads of fun with this one .
 This is funny and witty and stylish and did I mention funny . Mark Gatiss has a great sense of humour , very tongue in cheek and he knows how to make up the best character 's name in history.But do n't be fooled by the apparent triviality of it all , this book also has a serious plot and lots of twists that will keep you on edge all along.With likable and charismatic characters , this is definitely a must read .
 I was very impressed with ` The Vesuvius Club ' , the 1st Lucifer Box story written by Mark Gatiss . You are going to be in a for a treat when the 2nd line of the title is `` A Bit of Fluff '' . Kids - from that point on , hold fast , hold tight!The first pages suck you in with the colorful descriptions of Box 's Edwardian bohemian world . You are truly transported to Box 's studio where he is entertaining his latest client , because , after all , Lucifer Box is a portraitist . An artist ... a calculating assassin in the service of His Majesty 's Government . The whole story is told from Box 's point of view and is an absolute thrill ride as our hero escapes attempts on his own life as quickly as he dispatches those set against him . Another point is Lucifer Box is very ... flexible and enjoys the beauty of both the male & female physique.I wo n't reveal any of the plot , because it is just too delicious ! But the names of the characters -LRB- Everard Supple , Jocelyn Poop , Cretaceous Unmann , Bella Pok , Charlie Jackpot -RRB- harkens back to the wonderful days of Ian Fleming writing James Bond - and a plotline not unlike those villians . An enjoyable romp - get your hands on the book and fall in love with dear , gorgeous , murderous Lucifer Box !
 Naughty , bawdy , silly , witty , over-the-top . Just a few ways to describe Mark Gatiss 's rollicking caper - which I enjoyed enormously.Sure , it can be described as Sherlock Holmes meets James Bond -LRB- if they 'd been brave enough to cast the estimable , dishy Rupert Everett in the role -RRB- , but it seems to share more DNA with a lesser known British export , The Assassination Bureau , a film starring Oliver Reed and Diana Rigg . Like The Vesuvius Club it 's an anachronistic mash-up of Edwardian starch , wild espionage spoof and hippie era sex comedy . In a word - delightful.What I enjoyed most about the whole affair was that , at the heart of it , narrator and ostensible `` hero '' Lucifer Box , is rather a pompous ass . I suspect author Mark Gatiss is taking sly aim at the English class system , using the preening , egotistical Box as the perfect model of -LRB- in the parlance of Monty Python -RRB- the upper-class twit . Time and again , we see that Box 's mission would fail utterly without the help of his `` domestics , '' the servants and underlings who aide him nearly every step of the way - whether it be with investigating , researching , alluding capture or fisticuffs . Unlike with Holmes , there is n't a lot of deduction going on here , as every revelation seems to come to Box by chance or after the fact entirely . Despite all that , he continues to trumpet his virtues throughout . The only area in which he does n't appear to overestimate his abilities , is in his powers of attraction , as evidenced by his multitude of conquests - both male and female . A fact that adds a delicous level of subversiveness to the proceedings.This is a terrific , light romp - outlandish , funny , sexy - even a bit suspenseful and surprising . Perfect for a hot , lazy day at the beach .
 One of the more fascinating things about the cleverly written The Vesuvius Club by Mark Gatiss is that the story 's protagonist , Lucifer Box , is a renaissance man extraordinaire . Forget that the story takes place in Edwardian England , or even that Lucifer is a second-rate portraitist and secret agent ; note , rather , how his inhibitions and peccadilloes know no gender . That the reader will start the adventure around Box 's womanly indiscretions and lead somewhere ... else ... is simply the sheer flippancy of such a piece of fluff , as subtitled by Gatiss . Box is perhaps an anachronistic anomaly , parading around and performing his HMS duties in a spirit of glam that would make David Bowie proud.Said somewhere else covers a time and place when audiences were n't surrounded with formulaic , contrived villains trying to conquer and/or destroy the world . No , The Vesuvius Club is something different . Box 's work for His Majesty 's Service is more of a satire of what Bond and Bourne were combating when things were simpler , when your average villains had something smaller and more bizarre in their sights , like say , a volcano . Apart from the setting , Gatiss excels in his descriptions of eerily misty London cemeteries and runaway hansoms , hazy and writhing opium dens and slightly off antagonists . From London to Naples , the reader is carried swiftly in bewilderment in an overly witty , bizarre , and humorous adventure .
 Mark Gatiss as a writer represents a wonderful mix of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle , Sax Rhomer and Monty Python . Part of the fun of the book is discovering the plot , so I wo n't divulge too much . You just need to know the action takes place in Edwardian England , where Lucifer Box is not only a revered painter and danddy . But , also a very active spy for King Edward 's secret services , fighting his way from London to Naples to uncover a secret society plotting nothing less than the end of the modern world . There are many twists and turns , with witty dialogue Billy Wilder and I.A.L. Diamond would have been jealous of . The plot is very fanciful and moves briskly , but Gatiss never lets a dull moment slip in . The humor is fresh and very British . There are some very kinky moments , but those are treated with taste and a sense of fun that is just irresisitible . Let 's hope this is the beginning of a long series of novels . Just like James Bond , Lucifer Box will return in `` The Devil in Amber '' already published . Be there , before Hollywood jumps on the Lucifer Box bandwagon . Maybe Mark Gatiss has created here the Indiana Jones of the 21st Century . No small feat for a hero rubbing shoulders wth Oscar Wilde and the toast of early 20th Century London . Smashing !
 If you read my recent review of `` The Devil in Amber , '' than you already know I 'm a huge fan of Mark Gatiss and Lucifer Box . I 'll not bother you with another tired synopsis -LRB- other 's have already done that -RRB- . I 'll just say `` The Vesuvius Club '' is more then simply amusing and diverting , it 's clever , titilating and wicked good fun from start to finish . I love Lucifer Box -LRB- and Charlie Jackpot for that matter -RRB- and look forward to reading more of his adventures.RE
 At the turn of the twentieth century in London , England , artist Lucifer Box is a renowned rake who also utilizes all his personas as a spy in his majesty 's service , blackmailed by the family lawyer into assassinating England 's enemies , a job he performs quite well . After debriefing his handler in a public bathroom he is asked to investigate the death of Jocelyn Poop , a diplomat in Naples who spies for England.Poop sent a wire before his death mentioning two scientists studying volcanic activity , dying within days of each other in what looks like natural causes but the coincidence of these deaths so close is very suspicious . The funeral parlor that performed the burial is based in England and Naples . Lucifer visits and opens the coffin of one of the scientists but the body is gone . The other scientist 's body is also missing . Believing the answer is in Naples , Lucifer travels there only to encounter THE VESUVIUS CLUB a secret organization that plans to destroy that part of the world unless Lucifer can kill the leaders and stop the ticking time bomb.This is a tongue in cheek version of James Bond only more earthy , decedent and reminiscent of the last depraved days of the Roman Empire . The protagonist is a very naughty man who is a hedonist at heart and gets his jollies from knowing he is one of the saviors of the British Empire . This is not a book to be taken seriously but a work to be enjoyed for its earthly humor , fun characters , and fine setting.Harriet Klausner
 Patricia McKillip has gained a reputation as one of the few truly original fantasy authors out there . With her exquisitely ethereal prose and haunting stories , she is on top form in `` In the Forests of Serre . '' Princes , princesses , witches and wizards , firebirds and black jewels are all spun together by a master.Prince Ronan of Serre lost his wife and child , and now he tries to die by going off to fight in wars for his tyrant father . When returning from a battle , he accidently kills a chicken belonging to the witch Brume ; the old woman curses him , but Ronan does n't take it seriously . Yet when he returns home , his father reveals that he 's betrothed Ronan -LRB- the only heir -RRB- to Princess Sidonie of Dacia , a small but magical kingdom . While Ronan broods about this , he sees a beautiful firebird pass by the castle , and is enspelled by it.Princess Sidonie is no happier about being married off in a barbaric land , but she has to marry Ronan to keep Dacia from being invaded . She travels to Serre with a wizard , and encounters Ronan wandering in the forest without knowing who he is . When she comes to Serre , she finds that her future husband has vanished -- Ronan is searching for the firebird , because he ca n't find his way home until he gives it to Brume . But things have become more complicated -- because a wizard has taken Ronan 's identity ... Like all McKillip 's books , this novel is deceptively simple and intriguingly written . She uses simple concepts -LRB- witch , wizards , scribe , prince , princess , firebird , a country 's magic , and talking animals -RRB- and spins her unique prose around them . This is not a book for people who like all the usual elements used in the same old way.McKillip 's prose is detailed and lush , bringing to mind the best of medieval tapestries and Loreena McKennitt music ; when Ronan is in the woods , McKillip describes moths clinging to him , and spiderwebs covering rips in his clothes . The dialogue is more flowing and natural than in some of her other books ; the sentences are longer and less flowery . At the same time , her descriptions of things like transformation into a firebird are exquisite.Ronan is a slightly less vivid character at the beginning , compared to his faded mother and half-nuts father ; he becomes more interesting as he stops moping and starts obsessing on the firebird . Princess Sidonie is a likable heroine , not gung-ho but very interesting and determined . The wizard Gyre adds an element of mystery to the plot , while the witch Brume will creep you out.Venture into `` Forests of Serre , '' where `` nothing is predictable . '' It 's haunting , beautiful and magical , not just for fans of fantasy .
 Reading `` In the Forests of Serre '' is like walking into someone else 's dream . You enter a rich forest of metaphor , sometimes only partially glimpsed but always beautiful . A standard fairy-tale plot is overgrown with jeweled birds and foxes with little golden crowns -- Kinuko Y. Craft 's cover art is a perfect match for McKillip 's writing -- but the story 's end might still come as a surprise.The prince and princess both have some growing up to do through the labyrinthine course of the book . I picked the wrong villain , someone very like the villain in McKillip 's `` Song for a Basilisk '' but who is redeemed in this book by his love for the kingdom of Serre.Speaking of villains , see if you can guess whose heart was enclosed in a casket inside the ribcage of a dragon -- you also need guess where it went after the wizards Gyre and Unciel opened the casket . Many hearts go missing throughout the story and not all of them are returned to their true owners.The Baba Yaga-like witch , Brume and her walking hovel , and her chickens , and her stewpot full of human bones form a striking counterpoint to the beautiful firebird-woman who flies through the Forest of Serre and steals men 's hearts with her song . Are either or both of them evil ? Are they two faces of the same wild magic ? McKillip does n't give a direct answer to these questions -LRB- at least none that I could discern -RRB- so you 'll have to decide for yourself as you read her story . Both Prince Ronan and Princess Sidonie have to face their own worst fears in Brume 's hut , and they are different people when they finally emerge.The firebird seems to enter and escape the Crone 's hut at will -- another of McKillip 's symbols for death and rebirth , or change?Incidentally , only the men in this story are seduced by the nameless firebird . `` In the Forests of Serre '' is one of McKillip 's loveliest and most mysterious fantasies . Even if you do n't care for all of that la-de-da love-lost-and-found stuff , or for the book 's dense symbolism , you might still enjoy the goings-on of the Wizard Unciel and his bumbling-but-honest scribe Euan Ash . None of this author 's characters do quite what you expect of them.I 'm not even sure there was a villain .
 In the Forests of Serre is a fantasy novel with a Slavic style . Prince Ronan has lost his wife and child and , after burning their bodies on the funeral byre and scattering their ashes in the river , he has ridden away to war with rebels in southern Serre , hoping to die in battle . His father , King Fergus , sends a messenger and a troop of soldiers to order him to come home . Ronan obeys his father , returning with the wounded warriors and escorted by the troop of soldiers . As he crosses a wasteland , his horse steps on a white hen . Ronan is soon made aware by the witch Brume that the crushed bird is hers and she bids him to pluck the chicken for her pot and invites him and his companion to enter her house and drink the broth . Ronan refuses her bidding and invitation three times and is then informed that he will have a bad day.When Ronan reaches his home , the king wastes no time telling him that he will marry Princess Sidonie in four days . Although Ronan tries to demur from this wedding , saying that he is still grieving his lost wife and child , the king refuses to delay the wedding and , when Ronan continues to deny his command , the king puts Ronan under guard prior to the ceremony . Ronan 's mother is sympathetic but is powerless to change the king 's plans.While Ronan is in his guarded room , he sees the Firebird in the forest and hears her singing . Ronan leaves his room , walks down the staircase and , while the guards are following him at a slower pace , slips out of the castle gates and down the cliff to the forest . There he follows the Firebird , running and running , then standing still to watch and listen , and then running again . He is soon lost in the woods , enthralled by the beauty and song of the Firebird . As he follows , the prince is asked by various distressed animals to help them with their troubles , which he does in an absent-minded way.In Dacia , Princess Sidonie is told of the impending marriage and runs to Unciel , a formerly powerful wizard , to convince him to urge her father to change his mind . The king is relentless , however , and soon persuades Sidonie and Unciel that the marriage must occur to preclude an invasion of Dacia by King Fergus . Unciel suggests that a wizard should accompany the marriage party to protect against the wild magic of Serre . He is still too weak and powerless from a long and strenuous battle against a mighty foe to provide such protection , but he calls upon the wizard Gyre , who owes him a favor , to accompany Sidonie 's party.After many long and hard weeks of travel , Princess Sidonie and her escorts finally enter the forests of Serre . While playing with her bow and arrows in the forest , Sidonie comes upon a wild and ragged looking man following the Firebird . She talks to the confused and somewhat incoherent man for a while and gives her bow to him as he starts to run after the Firebird . When they reach the Castle in Serre , Sidonie soon determines that the deshelved man must have been Prince Ronan.This novel is a story of wizards and witches , princes and princesses , kindness and cruelty , and warm passion versus cold intellect . The witch Brume is devious , but can sometimes be fooled . King Fergus is powerful and determined , but has only limited perception . The story is full of light and mystery and ends with a hint of still other secrets not quite seen.Highly recommended for McKillip fans and anyone else who enjoys adult fairy tales written with a light and fanciful touch .
 Although the Forests of Serre is not my favorite McKillip book , her stories are always a pleasure to read , and this is no exception . Her lyrical prose creates vivid pictures -LRB- I love the image of the witch running off with her house of bones ! -RRB- and the story is beautiful and wonderfully strange , bringing to mind a fairy tale by the Grimms . I was a little disappointed , however , by the lack of intensity in the story and felt that characterization was sacrificed for story development . The characters do n't seem fully realized and Sidonie especially seems like a caricature , as the beautiful , golden princess . Still , definitely worth reading for McKillip and fairy tale fans !
 Patricia A. McKillip once more takes us into her intricate and ornate imagination with `` In the Forests of Serre '' , which has the feeling of an old fairytale that McKillip has discovered in some old book and fleshed-out for us in her unique style of writing . Combining several components from various myths and legends , -LRB- predominantly the Firebird and a witch who bears more than a passing resemblance to the Russian Baba Yaga -RRB- , `` In the Forests of Serre '' is a book that McKillip 's fans will find to their liking.In the Forests of Serre are many creatures of enchantment , both beautiful and deadly , predominantly the Mother of All Witches
 In the Forests of Serre was my first McKillip novel and after reading it I was hooked ! I 'll admit that it is a bit confusing and you have to think quite a bit before you figure out what it is about . However , it is definitely worth reading and you will probably find yourself grabbing every single one of her books that you can lay a hand on afterwards!It alternates point of view between several characters
 Do you know the value your heart ? If you think you do , do you know yourself that well ? Dive in the magical tale weaved by the firebird that reflected each one 's heart desire.Serre , a mighty kingdom , with its dense and enchanted forest . Dacia , a small but wealthy kingdom , with infamous magical veined kings , except its latest one . To prevent magical war between them , Sidonie , Princess of Dacia , and Ronan , Prince of Serre , were trapped in royal marriage plan although both of them tried to flee from it . And a young wizard , tried to find and encapture his heart 's true desire but attracted to dangerous side of himself that he did n't know instead . Each lost their heart and each found them again , guided by the magic of Serre in the form of firebird.Discover yourself and your heart through the tangling beauty and ugliness , light and dark , good and evil , enchanting of the heart of The Forrest of Serre , where fairytale came to life till it brought you to satisfying conclusion .
 Never exactly borrowing her plot elements and characters from Russian and Slavic myth and legend -LRB- but oh ! so closely sometimes ! -RRB- , McKillip is the absolute mistress of her literate , adult , and realistic style . There are the usual wonderful extended metaphors , the droll , yet humane humor , and the rich characterizations that pervade her growing oeurve . While readers would also enjoy the Adult Fairy Tale series , edited by Terri Windling , and the Fairy Tales for Adults anthologies from Windling and Datlow -LRB- to which I believe McKillip contributes -RRB- , no other author does it as well at McKillip . Virtuoso reading !
 In The Forests of Serre , McKillip has released yet another beautifully crafted story . I love her work so well , that I simply buy whatever she puts out immediately . Again , I was not dissapointed . Drawing me in swiftly , I would argue that this is one of her best so far . `` Ombria in Shadow '' left me desiring something , though it too was a lovely tale , but Forests has more than made up for it . Deceptively simple , her work will leave you pondering afterward . In a class far above most fantasy , I could argue that it be sold in the Literature section , rather than fastasy , as it is fantastic in more than genre .
 Each novel is more incredible than the last ; this one shimmers with stories -- with the tales , the need to tell them , and the unexpected ways they come true .
 Once upon a time in the kingdom of Serre , the heir to the throne Prince Ronan went to war in the hopes that he would be killed in battle . He lost his wife and child and saw no reason to go on living but fate had something else planned for him . On his return home from battle his horse stepped on a witch 's chicken and she cursed him . When he returned home , his father informed him that he arranged for the prince to marry Princess Sidonie of Dacia , a kingdom known for its powerful sorceress.The prince is ensorcelled by a firebird and follows it into the forest where he meets the princess and the Gyre sorcerer who accompanies her from her land . No introductions occur and the princess resumes her journey only to find that her bridegroom is not at the palace awaiting her . Gyre searches for him , but when he encounters the prince he changes him into a firebird and assumes the appearance of Ronan . Gyre intends to take over the prince 's role because Roman does n't want it and the sorcerer does.Patricia A. McKillip weaves her usual magic to create a spellbinding tale of two star-crossed lovers who find that fate is not always unkind . The adventures they partake in change them in subtle ways , making them more aware of the needs of the other and wanting to give that person their heart 's desire . Readers will remember the irascible witch in this tale who lives in a house of bones , has big feet and is more and less than she seems.Harriet Klausner
 I have only discovered Ms. McKillip this week , and probably like all Kindle owners , read about a book a day . While I find the author and her books delightful
 This book was worth reading . It was extremely creative . The problem with it was that the story seemed to drag on and contridict itself . For about the first sixty or seventy pages I was confused . It would have made a wonderful book for small children if it more stright forward .
 I 'm not an avid reader , however , I enjoyed this book . McKillip 's writing style weaves stories as wonderful as the cover art . Her ornate details wrap you into the story itself . Like being next to Ronan as he realizes his boot is gone and he 's wandering around half-mad with a frog in his hand , and hearing the toad correct him . Wonderful story . I 'm just not impressed with McKillip 's endings . The adventure is over with a happily ever after .
 Set in a world where stories and dreams become real , In the Forests of Serre is a beautifully told fairy tale , complete with a beautiful -LRB- and strong -RRB- princess , a cursed broken-hearted prince , a wily wizard and an ogre of a king . The story draws you in , and just as Gyre fell in love with the magic of Serre , it 's easy to be transported there for a time while reading McKillip 's lovely prose.Well drawn characters and a steady pace keep the story going to a magical end . Recommended for those who never outgrew their childhood love of fairy tales , and for teens who are ready to graduate beyond the usual YA fare .
 The story is a fairy tale , but there is nothing simplistic in this story , instead you are drawn into enchantment yourself and begin to realize that every story , every archetype is a means to understanding one self . A prince who has lost his family , runs from love and finds himself enchanted . A KIng who desires power does n't realize that in seeking nothing but power , he is no longer a King , but a troll . A princess seeking to protect her people seems merely enchanting , until she risks all for love . A magician who is sent to protect , misuses his power and learns more about himself.Read it for the prose , read it for the descriptions , read it for the plot , read it for the characters . You too will be enchanted .
 I do like Patricia McKillip 's books - she has n't disappointed me nor my daughters yets . We are always glad to find one we have n't read before . This book has a lot of characters in it and one wonders how there is going to be completion , but Ms. McKillip does it for us . There are surprises also - who and what is the witch - is she just evil ? How important are hearts ? If you like McKillip you will like this one too .
 My first 2010 review is about my last reading of 2009
 Here 's a real find ! The characters are strongly drawn and very contrasting - best of all is the one-eyed king , I just ca n't forget about him . The plot winds through unpredictable bends before reaching a satisfying conclusion . McKillip 's tale creates a tapestry of riches and colour very much like the beautiful cover-art by KY Craft . The book has well-defined male and female pro- and antagonists . In fact , it 's amazing how many interweaving storylines McKillip manages to pack into a relatively short book , all the time maintaining her dream-like atmosphere and her compelling storyline .
 of love and loss . Loosely based on the Russian/Slavic Folk tales -LRB- Baba Yaga-with her hut on chicken 's legs -RRB- , the Firebird , Koschei the Immortal whose heart and soul are kept elsewhere -RRB- , this is far more than you would normally think of such a setting . Nicely ambiguous characters -LRB- the witch Brume is both horrifying and strangely flawed -RRB- , touches of wit and McKilipp 's seamless , gorgeous prose keep the plot moving along .
 Patricia McKillip is perhaps the msot consistent writer of pure fantasy writing today . She uses the common genre tropes -LRB- magic , dragons , unicorns , witches -RRB- and turns them into brilliant neo-fairy stories . I can not recomend her books strongly enough .
 I liked this tale . It was a fairy tale with fairy tales from different worlds interwoven within the story . Not to mention the fantasy world the story takes place in . The cover art is beautiful and sort of alludes to the wonderful make-believe land inside . A lovelost prince , a determined princess , ogres , one-eyed kings , dragons , aged wizards , etc. all lead you on a merry odessey of the human heart .
 This is one of a handful of books I 've felt compelled to re-read . As with everything by McKillip , the language is pure bliss - luxurious and finely woven , seducing the mind like the best poetry . Yet , beyond even that , is an underlying sense of the wisdom which pervades this novel - wisdom that attends suffering and forebearance , kindness and charity.I think the few complaints about characterisation stem from a failure to appreciate McKillip 's deliberate homage to the allegorical nature of the traditional fairy tale . Personally , I found everyone from the scribe to the Queen to be brilliantly unique yet still representative of an archtype . `` In the Forests of Serre '' is the best novel McKillip has written in the past few years .
 I 've read the book , and I 've read the reviews , and I felt compelled to write a review.I give the book four stars out of five based on the fact that it 's a pulp sci-fi book , and not intended to be a great work of fiction . If you want great fiction , look elsewhere , but like I 've said in other reviews , if you 're wanting a good time to imagine somewhere else ... this series is a good bit of fun.That being said , it 's also worth noting I 've been a fan of the Battletech/Mechwarrior universe since the 1980 's . While I sympathize with some of the reviewers here , I respectfully disagree . Having a long series one exciting battle after another is fun , but if you want a series of books to last beyond five or ten books , you sometimes have to build more background , which is n't always going to be done in the most exciting manner.As one reviewer noted , members of the clans are almost alien . While much attention has been given to their reasons for fighting and their skill at doing just that , why they think and do things differently than other humans just has n't really been well developed . This book aims to change that , by taking one individual clan member , and showing us his upbringing , his thoughts , his struggles . In fact , by showing us the `` heretic , '' it gives us a much better view of the psyche of a clanner . One of the chief themes of the book is a universal one , `` what is my role in the universe . '' It 's one of those things that almost everyone goes through at some point , but the point of this book is that those in the clans rarely if ever doubt their role . The book not only tells us this , but shows us why by exploring the childhood of those in the clans and interactions between adult members.In fact , looking at the series as a whole , it 's surprising that there are children at all in the Battletech/Mechwarrior universe , as they are so rarely seen.Why four stars ? Well , the book was enjoyable and well written -LRB- but with the editorial errors as noted , so minus one star -RRB- , but more importantly it 's given me more insight into the entire universe , so after this book I 'll enjoy seeing clans more , and Nova Cats in particular . As a member of the military in real life , knowing why people fight is important to me . It will be fun when they go back to their epic battles , but now I 'll care just a little bit more since I have a better appreciation for why . That difference is worth four stars any day .
 In HERETIC 'S FAITH , Randall Bills 's second MECHWARRIOR
 If you read the BACK COVER of the book , there is a spoiler that the author did n't spill the beans on until the last twenty pages . Shame on whomever wrote the back cover copy . Also , they should have checked the dates involved . DECADES ago , Minoru Kurita joined the Nova Cats , not centuries . That should have been caught by some editor.All that said however , this was a really good book . I have no problems recommending it to others .
 I 've been waiting for more background and updates on the current activities of the Nova Cats and the Spirit Cats , and this story elaborates on these factions with a fair amount of detail . The story focuses on Kisho Nova Cat , a mystic that was introduced in `` Sword of Sedition '' . After throwing `` Daughter of the Dragon '' in the trash , where it belonged , this book was a pleasant surprise to me . The author goes a little overboard on the inner turmoil content , pushing Kisho 's behavior slightly beyond believable . However , the story and action provided enough of a foundation to keep my interest . Although not blatantly pornographic , like `` Daughter '' , there is one subtle sex scene that spans chapter 7 , so parents , be forewarned . The author aparently also has permission to kill off a couple well-known characters from the MechWarrior miniatures universe . I was very dissapointed in the pointless way they were eliminated . I 'm worriedly holding out hope that WizKids and their authors will reveal some actual purpose for these executions , other than to just eliminate factions in their game.This book does a nice job of illustrating the nobility and pride of the Nova and Spirit Cats , while also exposing the conflicting nature of their eugenics program ; the brutally harsh system that the Nova Cats have swathed in a semi-religious belief system . Although not as good as Loren Coleman 's books , or `` Target of Opportunity '' , this is a good read , especially for those interested in the status of the Nova Cats and Spirit Cats .
 This is a much better than average Ace anthology . Typically Ace , it does n't quite live up to its hype . The twenty six stories collected here are not the `` Best Science Fiction of the Century '' by anybody 's count , even Orson Scott Card 's own . Card himself describes his selection process in the Introduction
 This latest `` best ... of the century '' actually consists of twenty-six tales from the second half of the twentieth century and one story from the 1940s . Either that means science fiction matured considerably after World War II , the editor is too young to appreciate the early years , or the anthology should be labeled differently . In either case , the contributions are all aces and represent the wide gamut of the genre divided into three classifications
 This review applies to BOTH Science Fiction anthologies I bought at the same time ... all are works from early in SF 's history . It consistently amazes me how accurate and forward-seeing the authors seemed to be . The occasional references to `` tubes '' and `` tapes '' can be forgiven , as it would be beyond belief to expect anyone to precisely preconceive transistors and solid-state microcircuits . Both `` Masterpieces
 Masterpieces is the most accessible anthology of great science fiction short stories I have ever read . Every piece was easy to get into , yet not lacking in depth . Only the Niven and Asimov pieces were even vaguely familiar -- well , I 've read absolutely ALL of Asimov . Each author was carefully and , in my opinion , well selected . I was especially impressed by George R.R. Martin 's menacing `` Sandkings '' , C.J. Cherryh 's `` Pots '' , set in yet another invented universe , and by `` Dogfight '' , the most readable Gibson -LRB- written with Michael Swanwick -RRB- I 've ever encountered , but still illuminated by narrative from within cyberspace . I thoroughly enjoyed every story .
 Perhaps any book with the title `` Masterpieces , The Best Science Fiction of the Century , '' has to be a bit overblown.You can argue whether every story is a masterpiece , although some clearly are . Heinlein 's `` All You Zombies '' has to be on any Masterpiece list . `` Passengers '' still carries a punch although no one can forget the last line so it 's not shocking anymore . A few , such as `` Bears Discover Fire '' leave me cold but , overall , the quality is very high , and Card provides a fine and diverse sampling of science fiction of the 20th century . Readers might be amused in judging which section of the century produced the best work.A collection of outstanding writers and outstanding stories .
 These twenty-seven science fiction stories are those Orson Scott Card found memorable , enjoyable and influential . Card stratifies his collection by three eras of twentieth century science fiction
 This collection of 27 stories , edited by Orson Scott Card , a science fiction writer of acclaim in his own right , is divided into three sections
 I 've read stories from most of the authors in this book and it was enjoyable to see these great minds applied to short stories .
 I type 20 or more words as a testament to the quality or deliciousness of the consumer good and/or media product .
 If you like science fiction and I do you 'll love this book and all of the stories in it , some I have n't read since high school .
 I 've loved having this on my Kindle , especially when traveling . Most of the stories are excellent , they are varied , and great to have on hand to kill a little time . I found the collection to be thoughtfully compiled .
 I 'm using this book for a college course , and so far all of the stories have been great !
 Great , perfect collection of short stories by some of the greats!This book made one of my classes signifigantly more fun .
 I liked very much the choice of the stories . I believe it is a very difficult task to choose among so many good writers and so many good works , but the editors did a superb job.I recomend this book for all that like Science Fiction , either the old fans like me , or new ones .
 I thought most of these stories were good . Some of them are even great.These stories have mostly aged well , which is an impressive accomplishment . Others are better reads when you consider their date
 A better title would have been `` Orson Scott Card 's favorite SF short stories `` I enjoyed reading some of my old favorites and some authors I had some how missed at the time . I was disappointed in the Heinlein story and that Hal Clement has left out . Card admits in the introduction that these are stories that impacted him .
 I will be teaching a class on Sci Fi lit . These stories are a great intoduction to the genre .
 Look at the names on that list . Each is like revisiting an old friend . I recommend this collection for anybody seeking a book to introduce another to really good science fiction .
 I have read all of the Samaria books . They are beautiful , fun and precious little treasures . This is the best yet as we go back to the time of Gabriel -LRB- my favorite time period in the series -RRB- and follow the story of Obadiah . I love to read about how they enjoy singing together and am getting an entirely new appreciate for music . There 's another story of Elizabeth , an angel-seeker which was very well done .
 I will keep this brief as the synopsis by other reviewers does n't need repeating . I have read all of Sharon Shinn 's `` Angel '' books so far . This is second in time sequence and is one of the best of the after Archangel . I liked them all but this one had a far bigger emotional impact on me than any of the other stories . I hope that Sharon Shinn does more in the time period of Angelica or Archangel/Angel Seeker as I have found them the most interesting . The Angel characters and their role in this world are just fascinating .
 I was appalled by the ignorant racists ranting about `` jew look-alikes '' in their reviews . Their hatred obviously rendered them unable to even see what was actually written in `` Angel-seeker '' , rather than what they wanted to see.The Jansai are explicitly described a -RRB- as gypsies , repeatedly and b -RRB- as blondes , frequently . They are depicted as rapacious , money-loving merchants-isn ' t that a typical racist stereotype of Jews ? And for those lambasting Shinn for `` abusing a culture '' - first of all , hate to break it to ya , but this is fiction-Shinn can create any kind of hero or villian , culture , religion or society she wants and it does n't have anything to do with the real world . Second-Arabic culture IS known for its repression , abuse and outright murder of women and is rightly condemmned by every intelligent human being for it . So-called `` honour killings '' are happening in places like India , Jordan and Afghanistan all the time -LRB- I have an Afghan refugee friend who could tell you horrifying stories about things that happened to the women in his family -RRB- - are you reviewers seriously defending it ? If so , why are you not living there with your sisters , wives , and daughters?As far as the Edori = Jew thesis , WRONG ! I 've read all the Samaria books and the Edori remind me of nothing so much as Native Americans-golden skin , long straight black hair , and a welcome for everyone , even those who would destroy them . These reviewers are reading their own vicious prejuidices into the text.After all this , I have to say I enjoyed the book . Not perfect , but interesting . It 's a little hard at first because Elizabeth is unlikable in her heartless ambition , but she learns and grows . The book sets up some intriguing philosophical problems , about angel-seekers , sexual morality and the value of a life that I look forward to Shinn exploring in future books .
 `` Angel-Seeker '' is the story of two women of Samaria . Elizabeth is a young woman who has lost all of her close family and yearns to recreate the security she knew as a child . At the first opportunity , she moves to new angel hold at Cedar Hills , hoping to attract an angel and bear an angel child , as she will then have a place forever . Rebekah is a Jansai woman who is preparing for her upcoming marriage . She encounters an angel who needs her help , tends him , and , gradually , they fall in love.As other reviewers have mentioned , this story has several familiar themes , especially to `` Jovah 's Angel . '' It was nice to see familiar characters again . The theme of the wild young woman finding contentment with an Edori lover is somewhat overdone , although I found Elizabeth to be much more likeable and interesting than either Miriam -LRB- Angelica -RRB- or Delilah -LRB- Jovah 's Angel -RRB- . In fact , I found Elizabeth to be one of Shinn 's more interesting and sympathetic characters , as she seems to grow and change throughout the book . Rebekah seemed a bit more passive and certainly somewhat cavalier regarding her own safety - and the potential disgrace she was bringing upon her family . If she is willing to risk all to take an angel lover , surely it would have occurred what risks she was running . She seems imaginative - I would have liked to see her chafe more at her restrictions and wonder more what it would be like to be born into a different type of family . Her reluctance to leave Breven -LRB- and her willingness to honor her betrothal -RRB- seem odd to me . Jordan was a wonderful character , one of my favorites - and the freeing of the Jansai women and seeing the Jansai men get theirs was a terrific scene . Delightful.I do hope that Ms. Shinn finds some new and creative ways to keep writing about this world . There are only so many ways one can write about the clash of the Edori with the Jansai , with the angel , or the greedy merchants vs. the righteous angel -LRB- s -RRB- ; or the beautiful , innocent pure heroine finding love with the angel -LRB- or the more central male character -RRB- where the less pure , more worldly-wise woman finds love with the selfless , devoted Edori lover -LRB- and perhaps less material success than she wanted or had been accustomed to , but that 's all right , because she finds TRUE LOVE -RRB- . That is a bit hard to swallow.I 'm giving it five stars , because it actually is one of my favorite Samaria books , and because of Elizabeth - but probably will get the next book from the library , just in case .
 Anyone who has n't picked this up to read it yet make sure you read Archangel first ! Not the cleanest Sharon Shinn book . Defenatly for adults but the love story is one I do n't think I 'll easily forget . Any author that can keep me remembering a love story long after I have read the book is amazing . There is sex before marriage , a scene where they get naked together . It is n't explicit in the whole love making but not a clean read . But I like a pretty clean book and this just did n't make it . The love story was beautifully written as most Shinn books are but she walks the edge of ok for me with a lot of her books . Just warning the ones out there that care .
 This was a very very very good book that I highly reccomend .
 This book makes a great beach book . It follows each of the three narrators for a chapter or so at a time , providing the reader with plenty of places to stop without hurting the suspense . There is significantly less political and religious debate in this book than in the previous Samaria novels ; instead , Shinn focused on the differences and similarities between two supposidly powerless women , Elizabeth and Rebekah , and the methods they use to affect their lots in life.GENERAL PLOT : Elizabeth , a pampered Mandavvi daughter turned ignored , embittered servent , takes a laundress job at the Angel hold of Cedar Hills in the hopes that she can catch the eye of an angel . Instead her hard work earns her the attention of a proment doctor who wants to train her as an assistant - a more satisfying and dignifying job than that of angel-seeker but one that has much less job security than that of the mother of an angel.Rebekah is an opinionated Jansai daughter about to be married off . Shinn is not very subtle in her distain for any culture that would cut women off from ouside contact and the Jansai life comes off sounding like Afghanistan under the Taliban . Rebekah 's mildly discontent at her lot in life but ca n't imagine a different one . She rebels in small ways by arguing with her mother , sneaking out of her compound , and raising her younger brother to be kind and respectful to the women he will have complete authority over one day.Obadiah is an angel recently sent to Cedar Falls as an ambassador to the Jansai at Breven . He is lonely and frustrated to find that he has little standing or authority among the Jansai . When he is attacked and injured flying between Breven and Cedar Hills , he makes an emergency landing 3 miles from Rebekah 's caravan . She sneaks out to help him and the two begin a secret , dangerous relationship . Back at Cedar Hills , it is Obadiah 's injuries that prompt the doctor to request Elizabeth 's assistance , also giving her a taste of Samarian politics as the hold leaders meet trying to figure out how to respond to the attack.OTHER THOUGHTS : Angel-Seeker is the 5th book in the Samaria series , for all that it occurs 3rd chronologically . It is a stand alone book in the sense that Shinn offers readers an unending number of characters ready to offer up exposition at every turn . If it has been years since you 've read Archangel , you do not need to reread it before picking up this book . If you have never read a Samaria novel , however , I would recommend reading them in publication order . Not because Angel-Seeker needs it but because in it , certain aspects of Samarian life , land , and history are revealed that might lessen the suspense of the previous books .
 Angel-Seeker -LRB- 2004 -RRB- is the fifth novel in the Samaria series , but is the sequel to Archangel in internal sequence . In the previous volume , Raphael was the archangel of Samaria . From his hold at Windy Point , he ruled over both humans and angels , changing traditions and corrupting his followers . Raphael married a Jansai women and took other Jansai as followers , even allowing them to enslave the Edori.Finally , Raphael denied any need to sing praises to Jovah and brought his followers to Mount Galo to wait out the entire day which had been appointed for singing the Gloria . After the sun went down , Raphael announced that he was their god and the thunderbolts sizzled out of the sky to destroy him and all who were with him . A great storm blew over Samaria , the skies opened up , rain fell in torrents , and the rivers began to flood.The next day , Gabriel lead the survivors in singing the Gloria and the skies calmed and peace returned to Samaria . Gabriel was chosen as the Archangel as foreseen by the oracles . He even convinced Rachel to marry him and become the Angelica.In this novel , the angels have abandoned Windy Point and have begun to build another city of angels in Jordana . Cedar Hills is unlike any other angel hold , for it is down on the plains , easily accessible by ordinary humans . Gabriel appoints Nathan to rule the new city and so Nathan takes Magdalena , his new bride , and a group of Monteverde angels there to reestablish proper relations with the landholders who have been slighted for so long.Gabriel has banned the enslavement of Edori and freed all the slaves . Now the Jansai are moaning about their economic difficulties . Since Nathan already has enough problems to handle , Gabriel sends Obadiah to handle relations with the Jansai . Shortly after moving to Cedar Hills , Obadiah flies to Breven and meets with Uriah , the acknowledged leader of the Jansai . After concluding his visit , Obadiah is flying back to Cedar Hills when , suddenly , he is shot out of the sky.Obadiah manages to crash into a small oasis , but has n't got the strength to attend to his wounds . He is found there by a young Jansai woman , Rebekah , and she covertly tends him for several days while he recovers , but eventually she has to leave with her family . Shortly thereafter , Obadiah flies out of the desert , but has a relapse in mid-air and crashes once again , causing additional injuries . He has been seen falling out of the sky and is quickly found and placed in a trader wagon to be taken for treatment in Cedar Hills.Elizabeth is a young women who has come to Cedar Hills as an angel-seeker , a woman trying to become pregnant by an angel in order to bear an angel child . Mothers of angels are very well treated , but most pregnancies between angels and ordinary humans do not produce angel progeny . She has met Obadiah briefly and soon comes to know him rather well after she helps tend his wounds and then is assigned the additional duties of periodically checking his condition and tending his needs.In this story , the lives of these two women are opposed in many ways . Elizabeth is an orphan who comes from a wealthy family who fell upon hard times ; she was living with a distant relative and working as a cook before she fled to Cedar Hills . Elizabeth wants to become pregnant by an angel , but has no real affection for her paramour.Rebekah is living with her step-father , mother , two brothers and other family members in a fair amount of comfort . She is leery of Jansai men , but believes that her betrothed is kindly enough . Yet she has begun to develop warm feelings , even longings , toward the angel Obadiah.Elizabeth is a very independent woman who has already proved her willingness to change her circumstances according to her own desires . Rebekah , while is a fairly liberal thinker for a Jansai woman , just can not convince herself that she could possibly withstand the heartaches of leaving her family and circumstances . What surprises will destiny bring?The author continues her accounts of intercultural conflicts on Samaria and its consequences . As with Archangel , the pairings herein suffer from inadvertent miscues and other misunderstandings , adding a layer of comedy to the actions of the protagonists . While the major characters have entirely admirable personas , they are contrasted with all sorts of unfeeling and corrupted individuals , from Elizabeth 's relative James and his wife Angeletta to the angel David to the Jansai men of Breven . Once again , the author has provided an intricate portrayal of an exotic society and its populace , with special emphasis on their romantic involvements.Highly recommended for Shinn fans and for anyone else who enjoys tales of exotic cultures and strange ways.-Arthur W. Jordin
 This series has always been a spell-binding read for me . The original trilogy was fantastic . From there it became a little repetitive . This latest addition was a welcomed change . One of my problems with previous novels was the extreme description of music . Shinn could spend an entire chapter describing the rise and fall of angel voices in song . Almost all her novels were concerned about the archangel . In this case , she concentrates on two women -LRB- not angels at all -RRB- and their perspectives . A Jansai woman and an angel-seeker . In both women she shows the trials and tribulations of misunderstood and persecuted women doing what they have to do to survive , truely live , and love . Shinn twines these two women 's lives together in an unexpected and touching way.It 's a long novel , but you will find it hard to put down . I finished mine in two days.Good reading !
 I must disagree with a couple of the reviews I have read here . Though the names of some of the characters in this book are familiar , the focus on the Jansai is fresh - and timely -LRB- they do not remind me of gypsies -RRB- . The characters in this book are not simple-they are flawed , all of them , and the conflict has to do with our halting experiences as human-beings of free choice . The study of the Jansai women , who live in a cultural situation not unlike many in our own contemporary world , was very interesting to me . -LRB- Why does a woman choose to stay in hell ? When does safety become imprisonment ? -RRB- I 'm with Sharon - I want to read stories that tell me in the end , we can be honorable , we can work against what is unjust , we can make mistakes and find redemption and real love is worth sacrifice . But the choices in this book are not facile - the conflict not easily resolved . For those who read for meaning , there is much to mull over in this bit of work . I have n't got a whole lot of time , but this story was worth what I invested in it . Besides , I got a kick out of reading it .
 The settlers on the planet Samaria designed it so that the population would be divided into two races
 I 'm a newcomer to the Samaria series . I started with Archangel , but when I looked up the other books in the series , I was disappointed to see that they all took place about 150 years from one another . I was interested in the characters from Archangel , many of whom could have had books telling thier own stories . Instead , the next book picked up long after all my beloved Archangel characters were dead , which was a depressing thought that kept me from continuing the series . So it was with great joy that I discovered Angel-Seeker , which picks up chronologically where Archangel left off . Not all of my lingering questions from the first book were answered , but enough to mollify me . Shinn does a good job of developing her characters , but sometimes seems to sacrifice opportunities for much-needed action in favor of someone 's long and -LRB- occasionally -RRB- illogical inner monologue . Overall , though , the book is an engaging read with characters you 'll really come to care about .
 Not since Archangel have I truly enjoyed another novel of Samaria . I actually gave up after Jovah 's Angel and have n't even read The Alleluia Files . I gave Angelica a chance and that was okay.However , I 've enjoyed other Shinn books like Summers at Castle Auburn . But Angel Seeker is just as good as Archangel , even only a little.One thing I look for in a story is character development . Although completely subjective , my opinion of Rebekah is high . I empathized her rebellious nature and admired her selfless ways . I found her honesty amusing since its coming from an inexperienced girl who does n't know better when it comes to keeping certain things to yourself . I also found her devoted if not to Obadiah at first , to tradition.Obadiah is an admirable character . He still had to get rid of his loose ways but he was devoted to Rebekah and he treated her kindly.I admire Elizabeth for her selflessness though I did n't quite admire her intentions with Obadiah after he had come back with his excursion with Rebekah . All the same , Elizabeth proved herself and was even given a chance at love with a fellow Edori , Rufus.Perhaps , the only weak parts in the book were one , the ending was not as climactic as Archangel . Much of the story centered on the relationship development between Obadiah and Rebekah despite handling issues such as domestic abuse and promiscuity . There really was n't a villian in Angel Seeker like in Archangel but the storyline itself makes up for that.Also , another weak point was the dialogue . In certain situations , it seemed almost poetic and too proper . Obadiah would be spitting out something that he probably gotten from a poem somewhere and made a mental note to remeber it for the next time he runs into another pretty lady . Other than that , I enjoyed the story and will one day pick it up again when I 've got nothing to do .
 Sharon Shinn 's Samaria novels are among the most compelling examples of world building in contemporary science fiction , an intriguing mix of religious faith and technology coexisting uneasily on the human colonized world of Samaria ; a world ruled benevolently for centuries by angels , bioengineered humans with wings . Having not read any of Shinn 's work before , I was amazed that her world is nearly as richly textured as any I have found in classic works like Frank Herbert 's `` Dune '' series and Ursula Le Guin 's `` Ekumen '' novels , rendered in a most compelling narrative via her fine prose . In `` Angel - Seeker '' she has created a most compelling cast of characters , both human and angel . Shinn compares and contrasts the lives of two fascinating young women who will embark on transformative journeys that will change their lives forever ; Elizabeth , born into wealth , forced by circumstances to endure poverty , until she realizes economic and personal salvation in the angel capital city Cedar Hills ; Rebekah of the Jansai , implacable foes of Samaria ' ruling angel elite , taught by her fundamentalist religious elders to hate them , until one day , she aids a gravely wounded angel and nurses him back to health . Eventually their paths will cross , altering not only their lives , but also those of an entire tribe , in unexpected , quite startling , ways .
 Angel-Seeker is the sequel to Sharon Shinn 's wonderful novel , Archangel . Shinn 's subsequent books in this series , Jovah 's Angel , The Alleluia Files , and Angelica were solid reads , but not as satisfying for me personally , so I approached this one with hope but not expectation . Happily , I found it to be almost as good as Archangel and a delightful visit to a fascinating world.Angel-Seeker weaves together the lives of two Samarian women whose futures become entangled with the angels . Elizabeth is tired of being poor , tired of working sunup to sundown on her cousin 's farm without any recompense . She believes she is meant for greater things . So she journeys to the new angel hold at Cedar Hills , hoping to attract an angel and fall in love . Though that seems unlikely , considering how exalted the social position of angels are , she would settle for bearing an angel baby - which would therefore entitle her to the luxuries of the angel hold for life.Rebekah , on the other hand , does n't go seeking an angel ; one comes to her . Obadiah , newly arrived at Cedar Hills , has been given the task of communicating with the Jansai in Breven . The archangel Gabriel made many enemies amongst the merchant Jansai when he declared an end to the enslavement of the Edori in Samaria -LRB- thus costing the Jansai their slaves -RRB- , and now there is trouble brewing . Since Obadiah is leagues better at diplomacy than Gabriel , the task falls to him . But on his way back from his first Breven visit , he is shot down from the sky by a weapon that shoots fire . He falls to the desert and is on the point of death when Rebekah , out drawing water for her family 's caravan , discovers him . Rebekah knows she should ignore him . She is Jansai and a female , and thus an angel man is no one she should help or even meet , but she ca n't help herself . This beautiful being is in need , she is there , and soon they are in love . But for Rebekah , this is a deadly situation . If her family ever finds out about Obadiah , they will show her no mercy . Jansai women must be pure , obedient , quiet , and meek . And the ones that are not - die.There is so much to love about Shinn 's ancient Samaria . She has created a complex world with fully defined ethnic , socio-economic , and cultural groups . At the top of Samarian society are the angels - the beautiful , supernaturally strong , musically gifted ones . Yet viewing them through Elizabeth 's eyes , it 's obvious that they are also arrogant , promiscuous , and condescending . The wandering Edori are friendly , warm , family-oriented , and generous , but they are also disorganized and unambitious . The Jansai are everything the Edori are n't
 Despite being told that I would not enjoy this story , that it had too much romance for a romance-hater like me , I loved it . I skipped ahead fromArchangel -LRB- Samaria , Book 1 -RRB- , because I wanted to revisit the characters that I fell in love with in the first novel . This time , Shinn focuses on a young woman growing up in the highly restrictive culture of the Jansai . This setting allows for a very topical social commentary on women 's issues in the Middle East , but I was disappointed in the ending , which felt very much like a wishful-thinking , easy-way-out solution to the problem of the Jansai . The ending also spoiled the social-commentary aspect , since such a solution simply is not possible in the real world.The second plot line was far less memorable , and I generally found myself skimming through it to get to the Jansai story.As always with a Shinn novel , romance plays a central role in the plot . You wo n't enjoy this book if you ca n't tolerate romance .
 If you loved Archangel -LRB- the first book in the Samaria series -RRB- then you will LOVE this book . It follows up on the story of Rachel and Gabriel , but with more focus on Obadiah . You have to read it , you wo n't be able to put it down though !!!
 I love this book , it is set in the same time as the first book in the series `` Archangel '' . And the main charecter is `` Obadiah '' one of my favorite charecters from book 1 . Worth reading over and over again . Which I have , lol . I lost my first copy and was so upset about it I had to buy another one .
 I have to admit that I have n't read any of Sharon Shinn 's previous Angel books before ` Angel Seeker ' , but I did n't have any problem following the story as it has enough background information in the book to enlighten the clueless one like me.I find this book refreshing with strong plot line and engaging characters . There are basically 2 main female characters in the book
 For those who have enjoyed Sharon Shinn 's novels of Samaria and wondered `` Whatever happened to Obadiah ? '' the engaging Angel from `` Archangel '' , here is the follow-up book that tells his story . It tells the tale of two people from very different cultures wanting to love each other , but encountering prohibitions and even life-threating obstacles to being together . The woman Obadiah falls in love with , Rebekah , is a Jansai . The women of this race are kept in virtual purdah and the affair between the two means a death-sentance for Rebekah should they be discovered . The portrayal of their covert affair was very affecting , much more so than the parallel story line of the `` angel-seeker '' that the book takes it 's title from . Elizabeth comes to the keep to try to become pregnant with an Angels child , only to find herself as a person instead . I could have dispensed with Elizaeth 's story altogether but it really did not dim my enjoyment of the over-all book.It was well worth the time to read it !
 It is fortunate that Shinn returns to her wonderful creation of Samaria to tell this story . As always , the main plots are tales of romance of the highest calibre . But in addition there is the detailed description of the repression of women in the Jansai culture , which provokes both thought and feeling . A great book .
 The second of Sharon Shinn 's post-trilogy novels of Samaria , `` Angel Seeker '' sounds the least promising and yet ends up being second only to `` Archangel '' in the entire series . In chronology , it 's placed right after the first book in the series , tying up some of the loose ends and questions that `` Archangel '' may have left you with - namely , what about poor Obadiah?Obadiah , if you remember , was the angel who had a major crush on Rachel , the human woman who ended up marrying the Archangel Gabriel . As `` Angel Seeker '' opens , Obadiah , nursing a broken heart , is relocated to Cedar Hills and designated the angelic envoy to the Jansai . The Jansai are thinly veiled -LRB- no pun -RRB- Arabic/Muslim counterparts , who refuse to allow their women to show their faces or walk unescorted . Naturally , Obadiah falls in love with a rebellious but still loyal to her family Jansai woman , who meets with him secretly yet refuses to leave with him for the angel hold.I found the love story between Obadiah and Rebekah the most poignant , fully realized romance in any of the five books so far published . Maybe it 's just that they admit their love and get on with it ; Shinn 's modus operandi up until now has mostly been for the two protagonists to vehemently deny their attraction to one another until the last three pages . Obadiah and Rebekah have no such qualms , and their love scenes are bittersweet and easily familiar to anyone who 's ever conducted a clandestine affair of their own . -LRB- Ahem . -RRB- As for the `` angel seeker '' of the title ... The subplot involving Elizabeth , who thinks she wants an angel lover but - surprise ! - really does n't , just ends up bogging the rest of the book down . It could have been a good story , but Shinn just does n't pay enough attention to it to make it anything new or exciting . I would rather have seen the two stories separated into two separate books , with sufficient attention paid to each . But that 's me.Overall , I was very impressed by `` Angel Seeker '' . It 's obvious that Shinn still has a lot to say about Samaria , and I always love revisiting it . I just hope this is n't the end of her fascination with angels !
 I liked it , but I think that Sharon focused more on the Romance in this one than the actual plot . I really loved the book though . Beore you read this one read Archangel first . I think that I liked Archangel a little better than this one but it was still good . * Highly recommend *
 I 've read all of Sharon Shinn 's Samaria books , and enjoyed them all . But Angel-Seeker has to be one of my favorites . I finished it on one day , reading it for about five hours straight and refusing to feed my cats until I was done . I can tell you that they do n't like it so much...Angel-Seeker is the tale of two women , Elizabeth and Rebekah . The two are very different -- Elizabeth is an Angel-Seeker , a woman who tries to seek out an angel lover in hopes of bearing an angel child . Rebekah is a Jansai of marriagable age , waiting for her father to find her a suitiable husband.The story is very predictable -- both fall in love and live happily ever after . But Shinn 's remarkable writing skills keep the novel moving at a quick pace and hook the reader 's attention . Her imagery and description is absolutely breathtaking , especially when she 's describing the angel 's singing . I 'd read any of her novels just to drool over her writing.It was fun reading about old characters , but you do n't have to have read any of the other Samaria books in order to enjoy Angel-Seeker . I 'd reccomend them all to anyone though , whether or not they 're a big fan of fantasy . Sharon Shinn 's writing is so amazing that I think anyone could enjoy them .
 I love this series ... it is definately on my `` comfort shelf '' . My least favorite is the third . This one is probably not good for youth readers ... it has some serious adult topics . It really gets into the life of angel seekers and the promiscuity of that group of people . The Janasi have a very arabic/muslim feel and the book is pretty slanted against them . Overall the book was much heavier and more ... dare I say it ... political than the first four . I 'd recommend it to those of a stout heart and moderate shock value/life experience .
 This is the third of the Samaria books which I have read and while I still consider Archangel the best , Angel Seeker comes a close second . The characters are similar enough to people we know or know about that they are comprehensible and , in some cases , sympathetic . The plot is well paced , two women from totally different circumstances each learn about love and angels . Shinn made me care about them and want to see them succeed , each in her own way . I am generally hard to please when it comes to romances since I find most to be very formulaic and ordinary , but Angel Seeker stood out and earned my respect . I highly recommend it to anyone who feels even the slightest pull towards this book . It helps if you have read either of the first two books but it is n't essential .
 In this novel of Samaria , author Sharon Shinn revisits the time and place of ARCHANGEL , which in my opinion is her best work to date . We go back to the time of the Archangel Gabriel and follow the story of two very different women . One is an angel-seeker - down on her luck , Elizabeth decides to travel to Cedar Hills in hopes of concieving an angel baby and returning to a life of luxury . Rebekah saves the life of a stranger who just happens to be an angel and romance blossoms . There 's only one problem - Rebekah is a Jansai woman who is forced to wear a veil and is kept in virtual captivity . She is forbidden to all men , most of all a hated angel -LRB- the Jansai have a strong dislike for angels -RRB- . I fell in love with ARCHANGEL and was truly disappointed when Shinn 's other Samaria novels concentrated on other protagonists and time periods , and delved more into the science fiction element of the Samaria universe . With ANGEL-SEEKER , I really feel as if she 's returned to a winning formula .
 Its a wonderful sensual book , it holds all different kinds of love , -LSB- soul mate , family love , sibling love -RSB- Its great and it also holds betrayel , secrets and other things mixed into one book , Sharon shinn did a wonder job and i hope she writes more .
 This is by far my favorite of the Samaria series . My favorite has always been the first one , so I was very happy to return to the time period in which Archangel is set and reunite with a few familiar characters . Sharon Shinn mentions on her website that Angel-Seeker is also her favorite book of the series , and that is most definitely reflected in the writing . Compared to the others , Angel-Seeker is so full of life . -LRB- Not that the others were n't good ! -RRB- Within pages of meeting Elizabeth , Obadiah , and even Rebekah , I started relating to them.A lot of my favoritism towards this book is probably due to the fact that it tackles an issue I feel strongly about -- women 's rights . Rebekah is a Jansai , a group of people who keep their women hidden from all others . Rebekah is n't allowed to show her face in public ; in fact , she 's hardly allowed to walk out of the house in front of others who are n't her family . Her entire well-being depends on her stepfather , and the man she will marry . As an independent woman , I felt so sorry for her and really wanted her to break out of her prison . It was doubly intense , since she falls in love with an angel , Obadiah , and secretly meets with him . I thought their love story was the most intense . First of all , because they seemed to love each other so much . Secondly , because of all that was riding on it . If Rebekah was caught , she 'd be taken into the desert by her family , stoned within an inch of death , and left to die . So she had to be really good at keeping her relationship and midnight trysts a secret , which added a great deal of suspense and drama to the story.In stories with multiple points of view , my favorite character usually ends up being the one the book starts off with . That was n't true for this one . While I loved Elizabeth 's coming-of-age story of growth , I really did n't like her at the beginning . She 's very whiny and tries to take the easy way out of life . I really respected her by the end , but her story just was n't as good as Obadiah 's and Rebekah because of all the obstacles they had in their way . Elizabeth just made obstacles for herself.As with most romances , a lot of the draw is from the characters and not the plot line . However , Shinn always does a good job in balancing the two . The individual stories were interesting , and while very much character-driven , this novel made for a good page-turner . Angel-Seeker is 2nd chronologically , but like Shinn , I recommend reading the series by the publishing date . I got a lot more out of this than I would have due to the information I learned in books 2-4 . Overall , a good read . Romance fans , angel fans , science fiction fans , and simply fans of a good story and good characters will love this series , especially this novel . This was the end of the Samaria series , and it did not disappoint .
 love love love this book !! Sharon Shinn makes me believe in her world ... and every time i finish one of her books i look for the next one
 Read it ! Read it ! Read it ! This series is a fantastic journey through time and space . It brings up all manner of questions about religion and culture . Good stuff .
 This was the fifth and final book in Shinn 's Samaria series . It 's not that it reached any definitive conclusion to the series , just that it was the last one written and that the author has said she has no plans to write more of them.I enjoyed it . It seemed to have a bit of a political message , but it was one I agree with.All of these Samaria books are interesting blends of SF , fantasy , and romance . The SF bit is that we 're living in a world that is specifically not Earth but a distant colony of Earth in some equally distant future . The fantasy bit is that we 're living in a world with angels living amongst the mortals of the world , and there is no doubt about the reality of Jovah , their god . They can sing prayers and get results , anything from manna falling from the heavens to lightning bolts blasting at the desired target . And the romance ... well , in some ways I would say that they are all romance books merely set in an odd SF/fantasy world.This book has two romances . The first is between an ambitious girl and ... well , I wo n't say with whom . She is determined to marry an angel and give birth to an angel child . I wo n't say whether or not she succeeds , but I will say that her romance is more about finding herself than whether or not she actually marries an angel . I enjoyed this one quite a bit , mostly for her character arc.The second romance was between an angel and a young Jansai girl . The Jansai are one of the many cultures populating the world of Samaria , and they seem to be remarkably similar to certain Earth cultures , particularly in how they treat their women . They treat their women as cherished property , but they can also be quite vicious to their women if they step outside their defined roles . And sexual promiscuity pretty much carries the death penalty , i.e. stoning and exile to the lifeless desert.Anyway , this second romance dealt a lot with the politics around that kind of culture . Many or most of the men seem to be quite happy to hand out these harsh punishments . Some are disgusted by it but seem powerless to stop the overall harshness . The women are mixed between those who support it simply because it 's what they know , those who hate it but find can only fight it in tiny rebellions , and those who would flagrantly flaunt the law of their male masters.Shinn ultimately comes down hard on this culture , so there is some politics here , but like I said , I agree with her position . As for the romance , I mostly found myself shouting at the young Jansai girl to get out while the getting is good , but I confess that seeing her reluctance to leave the only world she knew gave me some insight into how many women on Earth tolerate or even reinforce these cultures here on Earth . So while parts of it made my skin crawl , it did expand my horizons.Now , that 's all about how I liked the book for what it was . However , I do have a little complaint about what the book was n't , and that 's no fault of the book . What bugged me was where it fell in the Samarian timeline.The first three books in this series proceeded along in chronological order . Then the fourth book jumped to a time long before the first , and then this one was just after the first . That would be all right except that the third book - the furthest along in the timeline - kind of ended on a cliffhanger . There had been some major change in the world , and I was left wondering what was going to happen next . After two more books , I still do n't know because nothing has been written in the time after the third book , and from the sounds of it , nothing will be.As such , the series feels unfinished to me . I do n't know if the publisher just gave up on it , or if the author herself does n't know what comes next . Either way , I 'm cranky that I never quite got a sense of resolution to this series .
 Five years ago I discovered the most awesome of awesome Sharon Shinn . I 'd been walking pastArchangelin the bookstore for ages at that point and passing it up every single time because of the cover . -LRB- Will I ever mend my cover snobbery ways ?? -RRB- I remember it was a recommendation by a very trusted Readerville friend that finally pushed me over the edge into buying a copy and giving it a shot . I did n't get past the first page -- no , the first line -- before falling irrevocably in love . *** The angel Gabriel went to the oracle on Mount Sinai , looking for a wife . *** The world ... such a world she creates in that book ! And , as I 've told you many a time , she is no slouch in the character department either . Rachel and Gabriel are as beloved to me as any characters I 've ever read . They 're so real to me they transcend the barrier of between book and reader . At the time I had no idea it was actually the first book in a series -- the Samaria series . Upon finding out , I immediately dashed to the bookstore and purchased books two and three and glommed my way through them as well , barely pausing to catch my breath despite the fact that hundreds of years passed in Samaria between each book . Then a fourth book -- a prequel of sorts -- was published and I had the pleasure of finding out what the world was like a couple of hundred years before Gabriel and Rachel walked it . And then I heard tell of a fifth book coming out . And when I heard when it took place and who the main character was , I knew it would rock my world . ANGEL-SEEKER follows a dear friend of Rachel 's -- an angel by the name of Obadiah who , for various reasons , was left a bit at loose ends at the close ofArchangel . This fifth book was to be his story and , believe me , it is impossible not to love Obadiah . And his story lived up to every expectation I had . Published last of the lot , it often feels to me like some readers never quite make it to this installment and that is such a shame because it is top notch stuff and my second favorite afterArchangel.Obadiah is spoiling for a fight . He 's restless at the Eyrie , which has always been his home . He does n't fit in at Cedar Hills , despite his loving friends who only want the best for him . And to top it all off , he 's still carrying a pretty strong torch for a woman he can never have . Then the Archangel sends calls him into his office and sends him on a mission to the last place Obadiah wants to go -- Breven . The home of the Jansai merchants , Breven is a bit of a lion 's den when it comes to angels . But Obadiah has always had a way with people . Blessed with a light heart and a clever tongue , he is literally the kind who finds music wherever he goes . And since the alternative is throwing himself off a cliff from despair and boredom , he agrees to the Archangel 's demand . And for awhile things go fine . But on his way back to Cedar Hills something goes badly wrong and he is stranded in the desert , where a young Jansai woman named Rebekah finds him . Despite the rather large taboo against talking to men outside her family , let alone brazen angels , Rebekah nurses Obadiah back to health and a connection is formed that will spell both the heights of happiness and the depths of danger for the young woman and the angel . Interwoven with their story is the tale of a poor young woman named Elizabeth who makes her way to Cedar Hills in search of an angel to father her a child and thus secure her lasting comfort and safety . Angel children are rare and much prized and Elizabeth is nothing if not practical and determined . And so she leaves the obscure farm she lives on for the big city and the elusive freedom that just may await her there.These two stories interweave in unexpected and very complimentary ways and -- as is always the case with a Shinn book -- I 'm surprised that I am perfectly content to love the ones I 'm with , if you will . I look forward to each alternating chapter , to finding out what 's going on with the Rebekah and Obadiah and then Elizabeth and her struggles to find the life she 's so certain she wants . What constantly amazes me about Sharon Shinn is that she consistently crafts equally strong female and male characters . They call out to me in spades as they are so finely matched in strength of character and determination . I worried so much over how Obadiah would fare out on his own , without the friends he loved . But then he met Rebekah and all the little pieces fell into place . Nothing was easy , but when they were together it felt right and not like it was manufactured just to finish out a side character 's story arc satisfactorily for longtime readers . What a blessed relief that is ! Their relationship develops in an incredibly sweet manner , unfolding slowly against the backdrop of discrimination and fear that surrounds their two peoples who have been at each other 's throats since time immemorial . Because of the nature of their interactions , everything is played out in little snatches of time , brief moments in which they are able to be together . There is quite a lot of tension , but none of the resentment and barely suppressed anger that characterized Rachel and Gabriel 's tumultuous relationship . These two are different and very much their own characters . Often in books like this , one storyline out shadows the other , but seemingly terminally single minded and heartless Elizabeth completely grew on me . She grew and became both harder and smarter and gentler , which is , of course , a combination impossible for me to resist . Last but not least , there are just the right amount of glimpses of old favorite characters sprinkled here and there to put a smile on my lips and remind me why each book in this series is a delight and why I will be reading them over and over again all throughout the years of my life . Highly recommended for fans of romantic fantasy and strong world-building . Reading Order -LRB- chronologically -RRB- : Angelica , Archangel , ANGEL-SEEKER , Jovah 's Angel , andThe Alleluia Files -LRB- in order of publication -RRB- : Archangel , Jovah 's Angel , The Alleluia Files , Angelica , and ANGEL-SEEKER
 I refuse to go into detail and spoil any of this book for you , but I am on my second read , and it is excellent reading , even as it was the first time . A book that draws you into the grand schemes and petty details of the Inner Sphere even further , an excellent link in the series , providing a delicious mix of intrique , character and action.As varied , dense and full of different flavors as a three-inch-deep pizza !
 As always , Loren Coleman brings us back to the things that matter in this universe . This one picks up directly after Sword of Sedition -LRB- the ending of which left us thirsting for more -RRB- and successfully advances the metaplot -LRB- or macroplot ? -RRB- of the BattleTech universe by detailing startling new developments in the Republic and the Federated Suns . In addition , he 's weaving the threads that tie the Dark Age back to the original series -LRB- in case you thought they forgot about that time period -RRB- . Coleman 's prose is crisp and always exciting . The ending , once again , leaves us in agony , but I fear we 'll have to wait another year to see how this one resolves .
 This book , full of pictures , scripts , diagrams , and interviews , is an essential for any person studing the Avant-Garde movements of this century . It provides stories , opinions , and explinations from the people who created the movement itself , and also included inumerous examples of many different kinds of happenings . A facinating read for anyone interested in theatre or art .
 The Confederacy of Sentient Beings has a new home on Algernon , the only planet that welcomed them after the insectoid Ramanthians destroyed the battleship that housed their infrastructure . Meanwhile the Ramanthian queen on planet Hive is laying billions of eggs that need transporting to other orbs so the species can survive and ultimately expand to rule the galaxy . Counter strategies forged on Algernon are implemented by the legion to protect the galaxy from the insectoid horde.Hive is heavily protected so that an armada could not successfully attack , but a lone spaceship disguised as a comet and piloted by a cyborg might succeed . The mission works forcing the enemy to pull back forces to protect the Hive . However , the enemy has cut a deal with the Thrakis to retrofit three thousand vessels ; a loyal governmental circumvents official channels to insure the information reaches the right people because the biggest battle in the galaxy seems imminent on the planet Savas with the legion determined to get the Ramanthians new communication system.William C. Dietz raises the bar of excellent for military science fiction with every book he writes . FOR THOSE WHO FALL is a superb action packed thriller starring countless number of ordinary people forced into Herculean efforts to prevent the enemy from victory . Pivotal heroes like First Lieutenant Antonio Santana and Charlotte Vanderveer , who have appeared in previous books add much to this terrific tale.Harriet Klausner
 Having injected fresh new life into his Legion of the Damned series with For More Than Glory , William C. Dietz provides readers with another exciting military science fiction adventure with For Those Who Fell , the sixth novel in the series . Much has changed since we first encountered the Legion of the Damned several years -LRB- and two futuristic wars -RRB- ago . While the human cyborg legionnaires remain the foundation of the epic story , intergalactic intrigue , deception , diplomacy , and good old-fashioned warfare have long ago become the trademarks of the series . A narrower design in this and the previous novel has also allowed for tighter focus and better characterization of both new and familiar individuals.While the Confederation of Sentient Beings has defeated the mighty Hudathans twice in battle and managed to subdue a powerful , mysterious new alien race called the Sheen , it still finds its very survival very much in danger - as was made clear when its spacebound headquarters was totally destroyed via an act of betrayal from within . While no one ever trusted the bug-like Ramanthians completely , few suspected that they would quickly change from ally to insidiously dangerous foe - that 's mainly because the Ramanthians chose not to share the news that they were secretly preparing for the hatching of five billion new citizens . Unable to support this impending population explosion on their home planet , the Ramanthians need access to a lot of ships and the ability to seize control of additional planets to serve as homes for large numbers of the new hatchlings - all things that their treachery allows them to lay claim to.Ramanthians seem to hold the upper hand , as evidenced by the location of the new Confederation seat of government on the ice world of Naa , home of the legionnaires - no other planet wanted to offer the unified government even a temporary home , for fear that the Ramanthians would once again target it for destruction . This kind of concern for the future grows all the more graver when Confederation spies discover that the Ramanthians have managed to build a hypercom ; once implemented , this faster-than-ship communications technology would almost surely seal the Confederation 's doom . A special ops force is quickly dispatched to the planet Savas to seize the hypercom before the Ramanthians can implement it among all of their forces . Leading the way is the series ' newest hero , Lieutenant Antonio Santana , whose dangerous job is made all the more difficult when the overmatched allied force crash lands on the planet in two separate locations separated by a vast desert . Not only must the Confederate forces be brought together before the intended mission can take place , Santana must also deal with a murderous Hudathan traitor running amuck in the wilderness and fight a proxy war against his enemies using the planet 's two indigenous populations . And time is short because there 's a Ramanthian fleet on the way , as well.Dietz is truly a master at this kind of futuristic hard science fiction , nimbly handling large numbers of familiar characters across multiple worlds ; a variety of subplots really infuse this ongoing saga with a richness most military science fiction can only dream of . Just because Santana has his hands full on Savas while the Naa renew their controversial call for equal representation in the Confederation and diplomat Christine Vanderveen risks her career to expose the secret collaboration of the Thrakies with the enemy Ramanthians does n't mean the Confederacy does n't have a surprise or two up its sleeve for the Queen laying all those billions of eggs back in the Ramanthian Hive . To fully appreciate this story , though , you really need to have enough of a background of the series to put everything in context . You should definitely read the previous novel , For More Than Glory , before picking this new installment up , but I would strongly recommend reading the entire series in order , for Dietz takes his readers on a wild and addictive ride that just keeps getting better and better .
 Dramatic war SF . Will continue to read Dietz and will look for more SF in the same sub-genre in the future .
 Even though it 's strength is fading , Dietz 's books are some of the best written military fantasy/science fiction out there.I did like the fact that the first novels continually changed the heroes , but even straying from this line Dietz still managed to produce a strong book.I certainly recommend reading this entire series .
 One of the best books of this series ! Action packed but not lacking in plot and intrigue . As always , Dietz has woven plenty of political plots and betrayals with grisly battles and interesting characters . I give it 5 stars .
 While the author 's style adds little to push the edge of the envelope in SciFi it is , when action is presented , a fast paced exciting read . This helps to cover the logic inconsistencies that pop-up from time to time . His character development leans too heavily on sterotypes , but that does n't get in the way of the story line . One petty observation , my First Edition had far too many typos , errors and word ommissions , which I hope will be corrected in future editions . I make enough of these myself ...
 William Dietz has taken the quiet , solid honor of the Legion and made them legendary in his books . This book , like all the others in the series , takes the reader to a sold , tangible place that allows you to feel like you 're there . The generations represented by all of the `` Legion of the Damned '' books are well done and the characters are engaging . I heartily suggest ALL of Mr. Dietz ' work to anyone who loves military science fiction .
 There are times you want to read something different.The usual choices can become formulaic . Quite a few of my favourite genres feel especially dead at the moment . Books sit unfinished as I ponder what the disconnect is . The usual boxes are ticked . Great cover , interesting blurb , strong beginning and then . Nothing.You find yourself washing the dishes.Not good.It 's enough to make a girl dig up her Spiderman comics and read about the endless troubles that plague Peter Parker ... Then along came this little gem . Dry , convoluted and peopled with all sorts of demented bureaucratic types although I am rather fascinated with a couple of the hero 's later bosses . Not my usual type of read at all.It started innocuously enough and pulled me straight into a deeper appreciation of the intricacies of computers and their esoteric possibilities than anything I have read so far.The hero is very flawed and packs a sense of humour crueller and drier than the Sahara desert.He is also very smart when he gets out of his own way , or his superiors and Human Resources managers do . Add crazy ex-girlfriends and flatmates messing with the more apocalyptic laws of physics in their flat to the mix and you can see why Bob surfs a wave of annoyed frustrated resignation through most of this tale . He has a conscience which means he gets pretzelled into some weird emotional configurations a lot as he obeys difficult orders , but he wings it quite well.He works in a covert government department called the Laundry which handles strange mystical threats to an unsuspecting humanity . Its workers are in for life , or death if you count the poor bloke who gets killed in action and is frugally resurrected into a new job as zombie security . No rest in peace here.These guys own you.I could hear the bureaucracy groaning under its own weight as Bob is drawn into endless meetings and departmental office politics while he chips away at solving the truly atrocious mystery at the heart of this story.It scored 10/10 for the horror aspect it stirred up in me . Lots of books are setting their stories against major historical events and reexperiencing them through their -LRB- usually -RRB- paranormal characters ' eyes.Bob sees it as a human and it 's no less horrifying . There * are * critters here folks , and they range from mythological to straight out Cthulu . But even they have n't a hope against the evil packed by some of the humans in this universe.I was amazed.He saved the girl , saved the day and figured things out as he rubbed shoulders with overworked clean up crews , off world military teams , British police and even got a trip to Amsterdam.People like Bob and the world they live in make it a good idea to keep your head down , notice nothing and absolutely not ask for explanations when weird things are happening.They do make for a great book reading experience though.I am desolated to say this book reminded me I have forgotten most of my uni science as I furiously googled all the different theorems and IT terms that relentlessly poured off the page.Worth the aggravation but it left me with that feeling you get when you have n't studied enough for an important exam . Anxious , relieved it 's over and maybe you winged it and are a `` clever trousers '' after all.I 'm left wanting to read more about Bob 's adventures and have acquired a new phobia of my computer , security clearances -LRB- and what one has to do to earn them -RRB- , extremely unexpected results arising from unfortunate positionings of certain brain tumours and desktop knicknacks.Like those silver balls hanging on a string that bang into one another sideways endlessly for example ...
 If you have ever wondered what would happen if you combined of H.P. Lovecraft and Len Deighton , you have the answer here.Often witty and amusing and genuinely clever . It is somewhat rough and ready but it is very enjoyable.This really consists of two different stories and is somewhat episodic which reflects the stories origins as they were originally published in magazines.The background details are very interesting and the author has created a fully realisable background for his books.It did sometimes read as a fantasy of a frustrated IT helpdesk employee but generally always in an amusing way.Computational Demonology is a great idea and it was great to read a light hearted thriller with well done actions scenes , decent dialogue and very well worked out scientific -LRB- sounding -RRB- and occult elements .
 Bob Howard 's adventures in Her Majesty 's Secret Occult Service are not just the usual spy thriller stuff . He 's got to deal with paper clip audits as well as ill-intentioned creatures from other universes and dead Nazis .
 I 've read all three of his books in the `` Laundry '' series . Enjoying them all . Good , humorous view of goverment bureacracy . Nice use of Lovecraftian and other Easter Eggs in the text . Nice mysteries . Clever explanations of magic and alien gods . This is probably the weakest of the series due to it being two novellas with only a slight connection between the stories , rather than a novel . Good read , still , and entry into a delightful series .
 Mix magic , monsters , demons , government agencies , and hackers , toss in some Lovecraft and Len Deighton and you have the most dangerously wonderful , twisted , wild , weird book to ever drop into your hands . Bob Howard 's job seems simple - keep the world from being destroyed . The problem is that something like that could be caused by a person just doing the math wrong or an enemy doing the math right . Monsters , aliens , governments , shadow organizations , terrorists , and , yes , Nazis . Well , you know they are always going to pop up . This is the first book by Mr. Charles Stross I have had the pleasure to read , but as I have a small stock pile of his books in my library , it will not be the last ! If you liked this may I also suggestDelta Green
 In The Atrocity Archives , Charles Stross perfectly blends Lovecraftian horror into a spy thriller . But do n't think James Bond , though they have their own special gadgets , think bureaucrats mired in office politics and meetings who must battle bean counters as often as monsters.Stross ' protagonist , Bob Howard , is a Gen X hacker who gets drafted into the Laundry , the code name for the UK government agency which protects England from nasty beasties from beyond . It turns out all that complex math that fried my brain in college -LRB- like second order , linear , non-homogeneous differential equations -RRB- can be used to open portals to other dimensions where cerebellum sucking slugs are just itching for an invitation to our world . Bob starts out in tech support but his skills earn him his first field assignment . While it 's clear he 's not suited for dealing either with the harpies from accounting or the things that should not be , Stross has fun playing the anti-hero card with Bob , letting his wit and resourcefulness survive the cards he 's dealt.The book contains the short novel , `` The Atrocity Archives , '' and the Hugo Award winning novella , `` The Concrete Jungle . '' The former serves as an introduction to this twisted universe Stross has hatched . Bob is forced to deal with rival spies , terrorists and the twisted remnants of the Nazi occult fetish . In the latter , office politics come to a head while someone figures out how to weaponize a gorgon 's stare . You remember gorgons , right ? Medusa is the most well known of this crowd . `` The Concrete Jungle '' may have won the Hugo , but I liked `` The Atrocity Archives '' a lot more . I felt that it flowed better and the drama was more intense.I really enjoyed this book and look forward to reading the others in this series .
 I 'm not going to add much to the already cogent praise on this site . This is a sheer cyberpunk romp , very cleverly written . Your appreciation will be enhanced if you have some background in espionage , World War II , computers and their history , and Lovecraft 's Cthulu mythos . If you do n't recognize the references to James Angleton , Alan Turing or Shub-Niggurath , you 'll get less out of it -- but you 'll still enjoy it .
 The Atrocity Archives is a highly original mix of magic , math , physics and espionage . It is also incredibly funny . I do n't just mean amusing , I mean laugh-out-loud funny . It 's difficult to pull off so many one-liners without becoming farcical , but Stross does it with ease.The hero is Bob Howard -LRB- the name is itself an homage to the master of pulp fiction and creator of Kull the Conqueror and Conan the Barbarian , and longtime member of H.P. Lovecraft 's inner circle -RRB- . Bob works for the Laundry , a kind of occult MI5 or FBI . In Stross 's universe , higher math is the key to quantum manipulation of matter and space-time , and the gateway to an infinity of other universes in which dwell all the monsters of the Chthulu Mythos as well as the occasional gorgon , lamia , demon and other stuff too horrible to contemplate . Bob and the Laundry are charged with keeping the rest of humanity , blissfully unaware of the horrors that surround them at every turn , safe from all the occult baddies trying to invade from other universes , as well as from evil humans bent on using black mathemagic to further their own nefarious ends.This is really a genre buster . From my description -LRB- as accurate and to the point as I could make it -RRB- , this probably sounds like out and out fantasy . To be sure there are all sorts of references to Lovecraftian demons and creations , but to my thinking , The Atrocity Archives is clearly science fiction , and hard science fiction at that . In between all the jokes and ichor-spewing tentacled monsters there are several references to modern cosmology and quantum physics that are spot on . And , I suppose , it is also a spy novel , sharing , as has been suggested by others , similarities to the James Bond novels . Only our hero packs a Hand of Glory instead of a Walther PPK , and despite being quite competent at the computer and thaumaturgical end of things , is decidedly more geeky than Bond and considerably less a ladies ' man than Bond.The writing is fast and funny without being silly and the book is filled with wry and dry inside jokes about computer geeks , Microsoft , mindless bureaucracy , accountants , Lovecraft and the military . Nothing is sacred and everything get skewered . Some of these elements remind me of Neal Stephenson and Tim Powers , two other authors that I think are great , but Charlie Stross 's spin is very clearly totally original . I ca n't wait until the sequels arrive in the mail.J.M . Tepper
 This is a really great read.If you 've got a bit of comp-sci education , you 've got the math background to understand where the sci-fi is coming from . If , on top of that , you enjoy James Bond , well , you 've got a great new genre
 In THE ATROCITY ARCHIVES Stross does for WWII spy agencies , ISO 9000 , and Unix hackers what he attempted to do for MMORPGs and venture capitalists in HALTING STATE.Protagonist Bob Howard works for `` the Laundry , '' a British spook operation that keeps computer scientists , physicists , cryptographers and others from accidentally unleashing people-eating demons from adjacent alternate universes . As noted elsewhere , THE ATROCITY ARCHIVES is a short novel packaged with a related novella . In the novel -LRB- The Atrocity Archive -RRB- , Bob is supposed to rescue a philosophy professor who is on the verge of digging too deeply into the Laundry 's intellectual territory . That humble operation quickly morphs into a mission to save the world from what might be al Qaeda-linked Nazis from another dimension ... or might not . In the novella -LRB- The Concrete Jungle -RRB- , somebody is hijacking traffic cameras that the Laundry happened to equip with the ability to turn people into pillars of salt . Bob has to figure out who it is and how to stop them.Throughout , Stross to turns hacker culture , classic video games , bureaucracy -- the Laundry 's managers count paperclips and want everything documented in quadruplicate -- and sci-fi , horror , and spy novel tropes and cliches for humor . Cognoscenti will probably enjoy this a great deal , but others may well find the insider humor smug and tiresome . Nevertheless , Stross is witty and inventive and THE ATROCITY ARCHIVES is not bad at all.By the way , the Atrocity Archive of the novel 's title is a secret store of materials used by WWII Nazis in their cruel medical `` experiments '' on Jews , `` defectives , '' and others . In Stross ' world , the suffering caused by Nazi atrocities was used to power occult spells . Like the Indiana Jones movies and THE ILLUMINATUS ! TRILOGY , Stross draws on historical linkages between the Nazi movement and the occult , adding his own unique twists ... and frankly contributing to the unfortunate elevation of Nazi barbarism to the level of supernatural evil . What the Nazis did was terrible , but it was all too human .
 What if Alan Turing solved one more problem and completed one last theorem ? And suddenly higher mathematics was awash in spells , summonings , and alternate dimensions where forces lived that would like nothing better than to munch on your brain . Thanks to the Turing-Lovecraft theorem magic happens , almost inevitably for the worst.The British Secret Service -LRB- MI-6 , the anti-spell branch -RRB- has a unique way of dealing with theoreticians who trip over the right formulae - they hire them into The Laundry and retire them to meaningless desk jobs . Bob Howard , however , is a little to itchy for the passive life . After a lot of trying he manages to get into field work . Now , as a relief from an irritating boss who counts paperclips and takes regular attendance , Bob gets to deal with dark forces and demonic possession.There are two tales in this book . The first is The Atrocity Archives , which was Charles Stross 's initial effort . Told as one long computer geek in-joke , the story introduces us to Bob and follows him through his first set of assignments and nervous breakdowns , while a series of ever more peculiar administrators keep telling him what a good job he 's doing.And he is doing a good job . Spotting mathematicians who have crossed the line , saving workshop attendees from being munched , and getting thrown out of the States for poking too far into the badness on what should have been a routine extraction . But even good agents have bad days and our wisecracking hero finds himself going through a portal to rescue a very attractive scientist from a very dead earth.The second story Concrete Jungle mixes interdepartmental politics , electronic basilisks , and fears about the end of the world in a story of one too many cows.Intrigued ? If you are comfortable with computers , or at least have a handle on geek speak and enjoy twisted , funny writers whose imaginations have run wild , this is something you will want to read . Despite a large serving of sarcasm and irony , Stross also manages to deliver a genuinely interesting plot with as much action as there is esoteric muttering . By all means check this out . I 'm going to order everything else he 's written .
 Charlie Stross has been making a name for himself over recent years for his extraordinary `` Accelerando '' stories , chronicling human and post-human civilisation towards and past the Singularity event at which technology becomes sentient and near-godlike . Another future world is being explored in the novel Singularity Sky and sundry short stories/future novels - also post-Singularity , and imbued with a pervading humour even through some quite horrifying passages.The Atrocity Archives is best read with this in mind
 These two droll , amazing and entertaining stories hopefully herald the start of a cycle of `` Laundry '' tales . Stross ' obsession with science , computers , internet technology , office management structures -LRB- ! -RRB- , occult history and HP Lovecraft meshes into a dizzyingly fun reading experience . Somehow , massive exposure to all this information - cleverly turned on its head to meet the demands of the stories - causes synapses to sizzle and crackle , giving rise to an illusory boost of one 's own intelligence . Yes , Virginia , reading Stross makes you feel smarter , as others have observed ... This is Must Read stuff for Lovecraft fans , but if you like the work of Alan Moore , Warren Ellis , or Grant Morrison 's THE INVISIBLES , then this is more or less guaranteed to flip your wig .
 I 'm about halfway through the book and totally disagree with Mayhew 's review . He panned the book because it 's not a sequel to another story he read.Since I never particularly got into Lovecraft , or horror , I 'm enjoying the book even more than I expected to . I find it a wonderful twist on the whole cyberpunk genre . The protagonist is a geek that talks and acts like a real geek . He even gets the slang right.As I said in my title , the book is a fun read .
 It 's difficult to review this book without comparing it to other authors , simply because they share certain common moods . The actual story concept is original , a fusion of espionage , horror , and SF that wo n't necessarily appeal to readers who are purists in any one of these genres , but is hugely enjoyable if you can take it all in.Briefly , the story revolves around agents for a British intelligence organisation tasked with suppressing certain mathematical concepts ; the ones that are the keys to other dimensions , most of them containing entities implacably hostile to mankind . The trouble is that they happen to be very interesting mathematical concepts , the ones that are close to the cutting edge of computer research , and there are a lot of people out there that are working on them . In the past it took thousands of man-hours to screw up reality , today a laptop can do it in sceonds . This can result in horrific accidents and is potentially the ultimate terrorist weapon . There is an uneasy peace between the world 's intelligence agencies , which pool resources to counter this threat , but things have n't always been that way . The ultimate threat of the book is a remnant of Nazi research from the second world war , and turns out to be much nastier than expected.I enjoyed everything in this book , from the home-life of the hacker/agent hero to its final apocalyptic scenes on a dying alien world . Thoroughly recommended.I wrote this before seeing the publisher 's description , and it 's interesting to see how similar it is . That possibly means it 's unnecessary , but that 's life ...
 For those of you who have read the Bastard Operator From Hell series and are sysadmins this book will be a completely fantastic read , for the rest of you it will just be fantastic . Bob Howard is nothing like the American author who wrote the Conan tales , he 's a systems geek for a very dreary agency of the British government where paperclips are counted and where you 'd get reprimanded for not putting a cover sheet on your TPS reports . One day Bob is asked to help out with a field operation , and that , and some quick thinking during a departmental training course , get him transferred from systems administration to occult field operations . From there things just get worse as he is sucked into a conspiracy to open a portal to an alternate universe to let in one of the elder gods or into an interdepartmental conspiracy to eliminate his department . Incredibly fun , there are lots of ideas in here that are just fun to play with after you put the book down .
 Charles Stross has received a lot of well-deserved attention for his several novels including the current Hugo nominee Accelerando . His first published novel was actually a serial , in Spectrum SF in 2001-2002 , `` The Atrocity Archive . '' This story is now in book form , with a sequel novella to expand a shortish novel to more typical book length . That novella won the Hugo award.The novel is a neat mix of horrific fantasy -- demons and Lovecraftian monsters and the like -- with smart contemporary SF . Add aspects of spy thrillers and Dilbertian office comedy , and throw in Nazis and nasty Islamists and a very secret branch of British Intelligence . It 's told very wittily , though the central horrors are still pretty scary . The overall tone is snarky and fun , not horrific.Bob Howard is working on a desk job for the `` Laundry '' , but he 's bucking for field service . We meet him on his first trial , breaking into an industrial building to destroy the traces of a dangerous discovery a young mathematician has made . It turns out that certain kinds of math knowledge lead to the ability to summon demons from other universes -- the sort of thing once done with chalked pentagrams , but much more efficiently achieved with lasers instead of chalk , and with computers to keep track of the summoning rituals . It 's the job of the Laundry to keep such knowledge under wraps.But aside from the dangerous job , the Laundry is just another Dilbertian government job environment . So the first few chapters show Bob dealing with bureaucratic hassles
 -LRB- Charles Stross says read them in this order -RRB- * The Atrocity Archive -- short novel , in which Bob and various other major characters are introduced . * The Concrete Jungle -- novella , set around 6 months after The Atrocity Archives -LRB- These are collected in The Atrocity Archives -RRB- * The Jennifer Morgue -- a novel , set around 3 years after The Concrete Jungle * Pimpf -- interstitial short story set within a year of The Jennifer Morgue -LRB- These are collected in The Jennifer Morgue -RRB- * Down on the Farm -- novelette , set approximately 2 years after Pimpf . Collected in the short story collection `` Wireless '' . * The Fuller Memorandum -LRB- surprise ! -RRB- -- a novel , set roughly eight years after The Atrocity Archives -LRB- Published as The Fuller Memorandum -RRB- * Overtime -- a novelette set less than 18 months after The Fuller Memorandum . -LRB- Not yet published in book form . -RRB- * The Apocalypse Codex -- not yet published -LRB- it 's due out in mid-2012 -LSB- * -RSB- -RRB- ; a novel , set roughly nine months after The Fuller Memorandum
 `` The Atrocity Archive '' . . The mission of the ultra top secret British espionage agency the Laundry is to defend the crown against occult attacks . The agency employs a variety of employees , but perhaps at the lowest rung is Bob , a computer repairman . However , Bob stops what could have been a nasty incident occurring during a demonstration . His reward is a leap into the cold to save the world from devastation from beyond that plans to snack on the universe once this essence pierces the once thought of impregnable barrier . `` The Concrete Jungle '' . The country starting with the Laundry is in trouble as some big shot plans to change agents into zombies so that he can take over the country and ultimately the world . Only Agent Bob and local police officer Josephine stand in the way of stopping the zombie attack , but first he must explain why he failed to follow standard operating procedures when he called for backup during a deadly confrontation in which he failed to fill out the proper form and going through the chain of command . Saving the world does not stop a written reprimand and counseling as follow the rules not logic prevails.Taking Get Smart into a technological paranormal world is what the novel -LRB- The Atrocity Archives -RRB- and the novella -LRB- The Concrete Jungle -RRB- is all about as Bob battles supernatural combatants and the bureaucracy with differing but always humorous results . Both tales are satirical fun as the espionage thriller goes through the rinse cycle as only officious government regulations would expect . Charles Stross writes a wild zany pair of occult spy escapades.Harriet Klausner
 This book was fun and definitely set in the sci-fi classifications of books , if not the fantasy world itself , due to its use of the occult . It would comfortably rest amidst such fantasy classics as `` Lord of the Rings '' , `` Harry Potter '' , and other such works as well as sci-fi and even cyberpunk like `` Childhood 's End '' , `` Foundation '' , `` Ringworld '' , `` Puppet Masters '' , `` Neuromancer '' , `` Snow Crash '' , `` Cryptonomicon '' , `` Cyber Hunter '' and others . Great read .
 Maybe the funniest thing I 've read in years . Definitely the most creative genre mashup I 've read . Trust me , if I were 1 % as funny or interesting reviewing it , you 'd have purchased it by now .
 After reading the first three volumes of The Merchant Princes I was half willing to completely write Charles Stross off . This fantasy series is less than impressive and while it has decent ideas about parallel worlds and secret families and has the potential to be a really strong series . But The Merchant Princes has been overall disappointing to read.Charles Stross , on the other hand , has been lauded with most of the awards that a writer in SFF can be awarded with and he picks up nominations almost before he finishes writing a work of fiction . So maybe it was just me . Maybe I was missing something . Stross is known more for his science fiction than his fantasy , so perhaps if I gave his science fiction a shot I would find something that would live up to the hype.I started at the beginning with The Atrocity Archives . The Atrocity Archive is a short novel which was his first published novel and the Archives also includes a novella The Concrete Jungle . The Concrete Jungle is a Hugo winner in 2005 for Best Novella.I can only describe a small portion of what the novel is about because there are just somethings I am unable to explain properly . Let me say that the novel is set in early 2001 and there is a man named Bob Howard who works for the Laundry in London . The Laundry is a secret organization which is in place to battle the forces of darkness.Imagine a world where the Nazis had attempted to tap into the netherworld to bring all sorts of evil to support the Third Reich and that all of this is possible and just science fact . Stross gives a level of detail to the unreal that the impossible feels almost prosaic . It is a remarkable talent.Bob Howard -LRB- Robert E. Howard reference , anyone ? -RRB- is a computer guy but wants to be put in the field on spy type jobs and his involvement without sufficient training gets him involved in events that build beyond what he ever would have imagined . Bob Howard gets involved into this very netherworld evil that the Laundry is trying desperately to stop.What makes The Atrocity Archives quite a bit different than other SFF novels is that this is a combination of Lovecraft , Len Deighton 's spy novels and perhaps a little bit of Neal Stephenson.I think that Charles Stross is far stronger at the non-Merchant Princes work because while The Atrocity Archives read like a slow moving spy novel it kept building and building and became more and more interesting and exciting to find out what was happening next . The Atrocity Archives is worth the time spent reading it.-Joe Sherry
 like most Stross ' novels it 's intriguing , funny , entertaining and thrilling , he 's very good at mixing mystery , hardcore sci-fi and irony and come out withthe literary equivalent of an energy drink .
 Stross is one of Paul Krugman 's favorite authors , and as a Krugmanophile I decided to check him out . First I read &#34; Glasshouse , &#34; which is brilliant , so I moved on to this series , which is quite different but also brilliant . The protagonist is a tech wizard whose job with a British magical-secret-intelligence entity is fairly low in status , so he gets sent out for rather dangerous odd jobs -LRB- which always seem to run up a bill that the financial department objects to -RRB- . You never can tell what kind of demonic alternate universe you might puncture with the wrong computer code -- but he has the weapons necessary and knows how to use them -LRB- and you can make some at home , if you have the required corpse of a suicide and a few other items -RRB- . All I can say is that if you 're intrigued by spy stories , Monty Python , and Harry Potter , this might appeal to you . I 'm going out for more right now .
 Five stars because of the richness of the world Stross creates , and the execution of his vision in the novel .
 There 's very few things that I can say without spoiling the book . Nerds and magic.The book contains two short stories . At first I did n't know what I was up to and it was really , really a surprise what I did come up with . In a very good sense.Here follows propably a few words that might contain spoilers : If you have heard words like &#34; palm III &#34; or &#34; beowulf cluster &#34; and &#34; cthulhu &#34; you want to read this .
 Stross is in his usual form with hundred mile an hour concepts pouring into the story line . At least there is a more solid story line here , though there is still a slight quantum jitter that occurs between chapters.I skimmed through the somewhat philosophical postscript that Stross wrote as a kind of `` afterward '' . I think it kind of went past me , or over my head or something . Anyway I did n't find it of much interest .
 Clever writing highlights this novel . Recommended for those who enjoy well-crafted plots , likable main characters , with references to the grand masters of science fiction , supernatural fiction & spy fiction .
 Neat trick , Mr. Stross . Equal parts Lovecraft and Greene , from the point of view of the drafted IT support guy who becomes the `` hero '' . Siiliness and great pacing abounds . Well worth my hard-earned , rapidly devaluing US dollars . I 'll be looking for the Jeniffer Morgue now . -LRB- already read others by Stross ... Accellerando - OK not the best but enjoyable and above average , the Glasshouse - pretty darn cool -RRB-
 Charles Stross , as usual , has delivered a fast-moving , way-out-there , modern SF novel . Add secret government agencies , occult events and open-source technology and you have a winner ! Our anti-hero , Bob Howard , -LRB- if that is really who he is ... -RRB- has to navigate his way through the mire of modern government agency management -LRB- most of it petty and/or insane - as those of us who work in such agencies can attest to ! -RRB- and stay alive with the adroit use of technology and magic devices , often interchangeable!The plot involves getting up far too early , looking at concrete cows and avoiding being vapourised on an office management takeover . Definitely worth reading . If you like this one , you will also like the next book about Bob , The Jennifer Morgue .
 I 'm a fan of Charles Stross , I admit it . He 's generally imaginative , amusing , thought-provoking . This is a bit of a romp , and you 'll get a kick out of it . Not many people could weave the SS , Lovecraft , the British Civil Service , and DOS into a coherent narrative . Good work . Unfortunately , the sequel did n't measure up to this , so start here .
 This book has everything for me
 While I ca n't say that I 'm overly fond of much of Lovecraft 's actual work , the ideas that he created - namely the named and nameless horrors that exist just beyond what we perceive as reality - have intrigued me for years . So when I heard in a very roundabout way of the existence of Stross ' works down that road * , I decided to take a trip to the library and see what was what.I 'm really glad that I did ; the book was fantastic . The title `` story '' -LRB- which I believe was initially the book entirely before the second bit got added -RRB- takes a little while to get going , but the explanation at the beginning is really worth it as the events start to unfold . By the time `` The Atrocity Archive '' was finished , I was estatic to see that there was more book to read in the form of the much shorter `` Concrete Jungle . `` The events in `` CJ '' move along at a much brisker pace owing to the previous introduction of all the necessary characters , and even though did n't quite contain as much action as `` AA , '' I thought it was the more riveting story.The weirdness of the book is balanced quite nicely with a helping of humor ; not quite as black as that found as ` John Dies at the End , ' but along the same vein of `` weird things are DAMN weird . `` A fantastic read and I eagerly anticipate enjoying the further exploits of the characters . * The creation of a role-playing game called ` The Laundry RPG ' based on Stross ' works .
 I almost stopped reading The Atrocity Archives when I read the implication that Alan Turing may have been killed off after divulging his last theorum to an old wartime friend who he should have known better than to trust . I mean it 's not explicitly stated but one makes that inference . I take Mr. Turing 's suicide very serious and am grateful to the British for finally apologising for their part in his suicide.That said , I continued on and have been able to lose myself in this story which is reminiscent of a geekier British Dresden Files . I could have done with a little less attempt at the humor . Sometimes , it can seem on the verge of overkill.Other than the above nit-picking Charles Stross has won me over and I want to read more from his catalogue .
 This book would make perfect reading for the unsung system administrator in your life . What if the intricacies of taking care of data could accidentally call evil from another dimension ? What if your high level work mentor could not only cow your immediate -LRB- and irritating -RRB- boss , but could actually send her screaming into a hell dimension ? This and other fun questions are answered in The Atrocity Archives . Stross introduces Bob Howard , a quiet unassuming tech in a very secret place who finds himself mixing in with the big boys . He thought that he wanted more field experience -- at least until he actually gets it.The book is actually a short novel -LRB- `` The Atrocity Archives '' -RRB- combined with a short story '' -LRB- `` The Concrete Jungle '' -- which won a Hugo in 2005 for the best novella -RRB- . I liked both , but I also wanted both to be longer.Think a spy thriller mixed with Lovecraft mixed with a horror satire and you 've kind of got the feel of the book . There 's more humor than Serious Drama , but it works very well in the combination . I 'm looking forward to reading The Jennifer Morgue .
 My first exposure to Charles Stross was his short story `` A Colder War '' ... which he generously makes available for free , on his website . I emailed the author and asked for more of the same , and he took the time to recommend his `` Laundry '' series , `` The Atrocity Archives '' and `` Jennifer Morgue . '' I 've recently finished reading both , and eagerly await the third which is promised some time in 2010 . The only down side to his books are the inclusion of a lot of geek-speak , especially computerese that only an IT guy would appreciate . As it happens , I am an IT guy , so I caught most of his references ! Still , I can see as how they may put off more ` normal ' folk . -LSB- One must n't annoy the muggles ! -RSB- After that , the books are a treasure trove of originality ! His characters are interesting and complex , his plots are unique , the milieu they operate within is dark , in that government bureaucracy/operations group type of way . The main character , Bob Howard , is n't an ` everyman ' , he 's an ` every-geek ' and you root for him because he 's so out of his element in the world of spies and assassins and action hero 's . Yet , in a world in which `` math IS magic '' and `` computational demonology '' is a job title , the guy in the know is exactly the kind of hero you want on your side!Also , the short story after the novel , `` Concrete Jungle '' is excellent and demonstrates just how twisted intraoffice politics can be , when everyone involved is ` used to ' dealing with mind & reality warping technologies.Finally , the essay at the end really opened my eyes to the reason WHY a horror / spy story cross over is so easy . Charles makes a convincing argument that Lovecraftian horror really is spy fiction - because it 's more concerned with uncovering secrets then fighting monsters . And , why cold war era spy stories really are horror fiction - because they have total nuclear annihilation as their backdrop . I appreciated this essay and considered it an ` extra ' in the sense that modern DVD 's have extra 's and interviews with the director 's , etc.Anyway , more then worth the time to read . I highly recommend this book and it 's sequel , `` Jennifer Morgue . ''
 A fun romp of a story , laugh out loud funny in some of the early bits - though that changes when the book changes to a darker tone later on.In some ways it reminded me of a remake of Shea 's and Wilson 's `` Illuminatus ! '' in its theme , but translated from the sex , drugs and rock & roll ; of the 60s to the early 21st century where it 's hackers and corporate hell . You have Lovecraftian monsters , Nazis -LRB- of course , it does ! the author is British , what did you expect ? -RRB- , some sex , secret organisations , magic and high-tech , drugs -LRB- well the `` acceptable '' ones of alcohol and caffeine -RRB- , young heroes and heroines and wicked , evil , sadistic , bent-on-destruction-and-world-domination ... err , pointy-haired bosses who are so deprived they will use ISO9001 and Total Quality Management to achieve their debased goals.What 's not to like ? I hope Stross can keep up the quality - I 'm looking forward to the sequel .
 If you 've read Tim Powers ' Declare , this is a really different take on the same idea
 For those of us who can understand the depth and layers of writing here , it does n't get much better than this . One need only be steeped in Lovecraft , Howard , Mythos Lore , Newton 's Telecom Dictionary , video gaming , techno gadgets and James Bond to begin to scratch the surface of the little gems found in this collection and The Jennifer Morgue . Truly unique , kind of like reading a Brian Lumley / Ian Flemming / Neil Stephenson novel ?!
 This consists of two separate stories `` The Atrocity Archives '' -LRB- 235 pages -RRB- and the Hugo Award winning novella `` The Concrete Jungle '' -LRB- 85 pages -RRB- . Both stories star Bob Howard , a strange mix of IT specialist , secret policeman , and mathematical magician , who works for The Laundry , a super secret British government agency fending off supernatural threats.The Atrocity Archives may initially seem a little rambling , but stick with it , for the second half pulls it all together into an extremely focused and tense conclusion.In the Concrete Jungle our hero faces a fascinating new threat , mixing magic and technology , against Her Majesty 's Government -LRB- or at least the placid town of Milton Keynes -RRB- . Howard gets to fight off an amazing range of threats , both magical and bureaucratic , before good rather mysteriously triumphs.Stross provides a deft mixing of technological arcana with mathematically based magic , with much ironic humour along the way . Great fun !
 I usually dislike the horror genre in any of its forms , and have no liking for Lovecraftian fantasy . Though _ The Atrocity Archives _ could be said to belong to this genre , I found it by turns hilarious , creepy , and tense . In short , I enjoyed it immensely . There 's a lot to like about this book , and if you do n't like some of the things you encounter in its pages ... well , there is still a lot to like . There 's the Cthulhu mythos , evil Nazi necromancy , office politics , computer in-jokes , spy novel tropes , all leavened by a refreshing dry wit that is subtle enough to leave you wondering why you are laughing at this stuff.I particularly like Stross ' penchant for strewing about historical and technical allusions so that his narratives are a minefield for the curious . I would have sworn there was never an `` Ahnenerbe '' SS , dedicated to strengthening the Third Reich by ferreting out ancient Aryan and Teutonic mysteries . I really did n't know that the Nazi party was descended from an organization created by the mystical Thule Society , but apparently it was so . -LRB- At least Wikipedia tells me that both are true . -RRB- Of course , Stross cleverly mixes the truth with the not-quite-true and the outright nutty -LRB- otherwise this would n't be fiction , but a classified government document , and one would have to be shot after reading it -RRB- . One example of how Stross shades reality is one character 's idiosyncratic use of a `` Memex '' machine -LRB- allegedly because it is more secure than a mere electronic computer -RRB- . The Memex was a proposal made in the 1950s by Vannevar Bush for what we would today call an implementation of `` hypertext '' . It was based on the technology of the day -- data was to be stored on microfiche , and its operation was entirely mechanical . As I said , this was merely a theoretical proposal -- no such machine was ever built . Or so they tell us ...
 The Atrocity Archives by Charles Stross is a production from Golden Gryphon Press . Cost is less than $ 18.00 with the usual shipping charges . The book is in its second printing but 1st editions may still be found for those of you who care about such things . It is a beautiful hardcover ; all of Golden Gryphon 's books have great production qualities . I have a copy ofEternal Lovecraft and it has similar appeaing features . Binding is cloth with a nice slip cover with art by Steve Montiglio . The painting depicts some arcane appearing machine creating a gate into another world , very well done and very appropriate to the subject of the book.There is an introduction by Kevin MacLeod and a detailed author 's note at the end , both of which are enormously informative and as entertaining to read as the books iself . The book in fact contains a novel , The Atrocity Archives , and a novella , The Concrete Jungle , which carries on with the same characters from The Atrocity Archives . AA was originally serialized in a UK SF magazine , and was reprinted here ; I amnot sure , but I think it may have been expanded some for the novel version.For those of you who do n't know him , Charles Stross has written , in my opinion , one of the best mythos stories ever , A Colder War . This story is available to read free online on his website and also in his story collection Toast . I believe it will also appear in The Cthulhuian Singularity whenever that worthy collection sees the light of print . Now I am struggling to come up with comparisons here , the story is that good . It sort of fits in with Cody Goodfellow 's Radiant Dawn , or even more , the Delta Green fiction , where the Lovecraftian truth of theuniverse is known by the governments of the nations and they try both desperately to conceal it from their citizens , and use this horrible knowledge as a weapon . The soviets have a handful of shoggoths and the means to free Cthulhu , and the US has access to some extradimensional gates . I find the story wildly original , marvelously written , absolutely true to Lovecraft and also carrying a perfect sense of horror . So it was with great anticipation that I turned to The Atrocity Archives.Some spoliers may follow.First , I really enjoyed reading this book and can recommed it without hesitation . But I am having a very hard time deciding what the heck it is that I am recommending ! I read the novel and novella before the introduction or the author 's note , and came to a conclusion that although this work lives and breathes in Lovecratft 's worlds it is not really a mythos novel at all , not the way A Colder War is . The author 's note just confirmed my suspicions ! Most interesting is that Stross had not read Tim Power 's Declare or any Delta Green before finishing AA , so it is entirely his own conception.Briefly , all the mythos entities etc are real , intelligent and malignant alien entities that exist in alternate universes -LRB- ah , the old multiverse concept ! -RRB- , who may have access to our universe if the proper ritual is performed . It turns out that there is a scientific and mathematical basis for this ability to open gates , and it has been sytematized , and this knowledge is a closely held givernmental secret . All the occultism has now become much more mundane . I 'll quote an example ; `` In the case of the great circuit of Al-Hazred , the terminator was originally a black goat , sacrificed at midnight with a silver knifetouched only by virgins , but these days we just use a fifty microfarad capacitor . '' Being a computer geek helps you create/understand/master the mathematical circuits you need . Mundane , yes , but the danger to the summoner remains , particularly if you are trying to summon or manipulate a more intelligent alien entity . In fact the AA refers to the record of The Holocaust , where the Nazis tried to use an enormousblood sacrifice of millions to open the gates to supernatural aid that would have won the war for them -LRB- similar in concept but greater in scale than DG 's Karotechia -RRB- . But nowadays everything is run by a labyrinthine , unnavigable and intractable civil service beauracracy . And so this novel really is more a cloak and dagger spy novel , where the trappings are not so much James Bond gadgets as ancient geases , sarificial gates and hands of glory as standard issue occult weapons . Honestly , there is no Lovecraftian feel at all ! Anyone who seems to be stumbling onto the science or ritual necessary to manipulate reality this way is the forcibly recruited by the government for nationalsecurity reasons.The hero is Bob Howard , a hacker/computer geek turned field agent , who goes spook hunting to track down what seems to be the remnants of a cell devoted to the nazi dream of opening a gate so the ice giants , some malignant entity can come through and finish the war properly for once and all . Someone a bit like Q issues him some occult gear , he never goes anywhere without a laptop or palmpilot , he rooms with some computer geeks who are busy creating nameless gates in the basement apparently for the heck of it , he basically has a small cubicle to call his own and supervisors who are quite petty . All in all superbly written and great fun . He meets a British expatriate named Dominiquewho is of course strikingly pretty , a brilliant mathematician , acomputer geek and who falls for him . Of all the characters she was the least successful , partly because in spite of all these qualities attributed to her she never rose above the level of window dressing , the damsel in distress who needed to be rescued . High tech , low tech , extradimensional tech , this book was a corking good read . But read it with mindset that it is a spy novel and you catch the flavor better . I liked the novella The Concrete Jungle equally well . I certainly hope Mr. Stross continues Bob Howard 's adventures in future books !
 What makes this book particularly delightful is all the accounting and bureaucracy the poor protagonist must deal with before he 's allowed to save reality as we know it . Stross makes clear that there are a handful of people in the Laundry who are really good at solving the supernatural problems threatening to destroy the world , a lot of people who are really good at making the first group fill out time cards , and a much-too-large group that really does n't seem to understand anything that 's going on around them , and that should definitely not be allowed to take continuing education credits in demon summoning ...
 What a hoot ... enough inside geek jokes to choke a Gibbering Horror ... I finished it in record time ... and re-read it a day later to catch everything I missed the first time !
 A fun combination of Lovecraft monsters , evil ratzis , spies , and Yes Minister , with a touch of Snow Crash.Robert Howard works for ` The Laundry ' - the slang name for the spook agency that deals with thaumaturgical , paranormal and invasion by cold , alien intelligences from other universe.Interesting lengthy essay at the end where Stross talks about the spy novel as horror novel , due to the horrible looming real life threat of nuclear armageddon that was the thread running through a large number of them in recent times.Entertaining solution for useless paperclip counting backstabbing office politicking bureaucrats , too !
 As in his other books - ACCELERANDO , IRON SUNRISE and SINGULARITY SKY , this is a novel of post - Singularity , after the non-biological entity has become conscious and evolved with a terrifying speed into the Eschaton which is beyond human comprehension.In this tongue in cheek horror tale , Alan Turing completed his last theorem and a Turing machine was born . Unfortunately this opened the gateway to a universe of awful creatures . Battling this is our intrepid hero , Bob , and his sidekicks of computer geeks . Indeed it reads like a funny MI6/noire/horror / sci-fi jack of all trades as the nerds save the world from certain doom .
 Bob Howard is his section IT geek in The Laundry - the UK 's version of government sponsored supernatural protection agency . Life is pretty predictable for him till he decides to apply for active duty , and his first `` simple '' job goes pear-shaped on him . From this point onwards Bob is going to learn that while he might know a lot about the supernatural he did n't quite know as much as he thought about The Laundry itself.This book is actually one novel , `` The Atrocity Archives '' where we meet Bob and the strange world he inhabits and a novella , `` The concrete jungle '' which follows up the main story in sequel.I really enjoyed this book . It does n't have any real noticeably slow patches . Despite his sometimes horrible work I also liked Bob . I 'm glad I picked up this book , while the whole idea of a real dangerous supernatural world surrounding us is n't unique this is a nice fresh approach to the theme . Some of the things it deals with are straight out of a nightmare , but despite that it has an undertone of humour and a sharp eye for office politics and procedures . It 's a bit like Dilbert with teeth at times . This is a book I 'll be recommending to other friends .
 I constantly find myself searching for new books , finally , I found a decent one with the Atrocity Archives . Stross has a writing style that is easy to handle , and a subtle black wit throughout the book . A recommended read for anyone .
 I could not put down this book . It is not as depressing as A Colder War . Characters are well formed and the universe feelsreal enough .
 The Atrocity Archives -LRB- 2004 -RRB- is the first SF novel in The Laundry Files series . It is set in the current era , but in a world where mathematics and the proper word phrases effect reality . It contains two stories , an introduction and a glossary or acronyms.During World War II , the British discovered a mathematical interface to what is commonly called magic . They also found that the Nazis were already using magic to produce weapons . These magical effects are kept secret from the general public by the authorities , but shared with the allies.The Laundry is a British agency concerned with maintaining such secrecy and with protecting the populace from breakouts from other dimensions . This organization was originally a part of the Special Operations Executive , but was spun off when other agencies in the SOE were eliminated after the war.In this novel , Robert Howard is a man recruited by the Laundry after almost releasing a powerful being into his environment . Bob works as a computer technician in the Laundry , but has applied for training as a field agent.Andrew is an operation manager supervising magical activities . Bob sometimes works for Andy , but his efficiency reports are submitted by Harriet.Harriet is a line manager from Hades in the matrix management of the Laundry and supervises Bob 's technical activities . She does n't like Bob 's attitude and obsesses over missed reports . Harriet is fully aware of every word in the agency handbook . She works for Bridget.Bridget is a high ranking manager who wants to be prime minister before she retires . She is also obsessive about paperwork.Angleton is head of the Counter-Possession Unit . His office is across the building in the Dunsey Wing . It is large and crammed with books and souvenirs.Boris the Mole is a security officer and an old hand in the Laundry . He works for Angleton.Dominique O'Brien is a Professor of Philosophy in the University of California at Santa Cruz . Mo also works for the Defense Department on persuasion methods.Josephine Sullivan is a Detective Inspector at Milton Keynes . She has been cleared for Section 3 . In this story , Bob gets a chance for a field assignment from Andy and finds it wet and boring . He waits until everybody leaves a building and crawls through an unlocked window , knocking CDs all over the floor . Then he cracks into a desk computer and erases another discovery of Turing 's Theorem.Bob gets back to his flat at 2:30 in the morning and sleeps through his alarm clock . He is awakened by a call from Andy asking when he is coming to work . Bob suggests eleven o'clock and Andy agrees.Bob meets with Andy , Boris and Harriet in room B4 . Andy says that he had accomplished the objective despite the poor fieldwork . Harriet mentions his timekeeping problems and lack of prior notification.They also discuss the disposition of the target . Andy confirms that he had rediscovered Turing 's Theorem from first principles . Bob suggests that they recruit him into the Laundry and make him sign Section 3 of the Official Secrets Act -LRB- 1916 -RRB- . Andy has Bob stay behind after the meeting . He suggests that Bob should stay on the good side of Harriet ; Bob is n't sure Harriet has a good side . Andy also compliments him on the field exercise and states that he will send Bob to a field training course.When Bob gets back to his office , he has a Beowulf cluster to fix and thirty-two emails . After staring at the wall for five minutes , Bob reads the first email . It is from Mhari . He stares at the wall for another five minutes.The next email is a directive on sick leave sent by Harriet . It states that any such leave exceeding half an hour requires a doctor 's note . If possible , such leave and note should be submitted in advance.Feeling a headache coming on , Bob reads the next email . It is from Fred asking to more help . Bob stares at the wall again and decides to take off the rest of the day.Later , Bob attends the Computational Demonology for Dummies course . He has already taken the course -- and probably could teach it -- but his job is to keep an eye on the trainees . Fred is also attending the course , but is totally clueless about the topic . Bob tries to talk him into switching classes.Three months later , Bob goes to California to meet with Mo. . He has no idea that she is a good looking woman . But the meeting lands him in a hospital.In the second story , Bob is working for Angleton . He gets a call at 4:00 AM from his boss . Angleton is calling a Code Blue.Bob is outside his flat within ten minutes and is delivered to the Laundry fifteen minutes later . As Bob enters the boardroom , Angleton tells him that he is late . Bob points out that the police driver had not wasted any time.Angleton , Boris and Andy brief him on GAME ANDES REDSHIFT . It seems that the techies in Q Division have developed basilisk software for CCTV units around Britain . Now there is a ninth stone cow in Milton Keynes and Angleton wants to know why.Bob gets to fly down to Milton Keynes in a police copter and check out the cows . Eight concrete cows are sculptures , but the ninth is fried and dead from a basilisk stare . Bob takes its temperature and finds it to be hot as an oven.The next day , Bob visits the Milton Keynes copshop and talks to DI Sullivan . Josephine has traced the cow to a dairy farm and found that it had been sold to a fictitious individual . The first witness on the scene had been hours later . Bob plants a geas on Sullivan to keep her from talking to others.The police had found the Range Rover used to haul the cow , but it had been wiped down and had no usable prints . Bob asks to see the car and is taken to the impound lot . There he takes occult reading with his palmtop and then notices that the CCTV camera in the lot is pointing to the car.He tells Sullivan to hit the deck and dives for the ground . When she does n't move , he pulls her legs out from under her . She gets a little feisty over that.Meanwhile , the Range Rover explodes and then the guard is zapped by SCORPION STARE . Bob lights his miniature Hand of Glory and grabs her hand . Under cover of the invisibility spell , they move to the pound office and deactivate the CCTV there.Then Andy arrives on the scene and recruits Josephine into the Laundry . Angleton had assigned them the job of checking a small SERA branch in a local office park . They drive over in the police car and find most of the SERA workers dead.These tales present magic as an offshoot of mathematics . The devils , demons and other preternatural beings are actually inhabitants of other dimensions . They can be invoked by Turing 's Theorem or other geometric or mathematical methods.These tales resemble the works ofH.P . LovecraftandSimon Green , but are presented as science fiction . In that respect , they are much like de Camp ` sEnchanterseries and Rick Cook ` sWizseries.Office politics is deadlier than interdimensional possession . The next installment in this sequence isThe Jennifer Morgue.Highly recommended for Stross fans and for anyone else who enjoys tales of scientific magic , office politics , and a touch of romance . Read and enjoy ! - Arthur W. Jordin
 I must say that I picked this book with some trepidation , even with the great reviews , as it did n't really sound like `` my kind of thing '' . Within the first five pages I was hooked ! Having worked in Customer Service and IT for the last 35 years , I can say without hesitation that Stross nails the IT culture , civil service , political in-fighting and a hundred other things both in and out of the IT world . The concept that he uses in this series of books -LRB- the idea that magic is really all just math , which can be accessed via technology and computers -RRB- is an interesting and humorous one . With a tone that is snarky , sarcastic and , at times , down right irreverent , his style had me actually laughing out loud several times . I would , however , couple my recommendation with a warning
 Maybe you 're not familiar with TheRegister.co.uk 's BOFH -LRB- Bastard Operator from Hell -RRB- . He 's the smart-ass systems admin you do n't want to cross.Perhaps you missed Mad Magazine 's classic Spy vs Spy . They 're the two spies who are always having a go at each other.You probably work with Dilbert , but you might not realize it.And then there 's some nameless horror out of a mythic legend that needs to be put down , and how , and you do n't want to meet one anyways.Stross actually comes from IT , so this is one techno-thriller where the technology is real and magic is found in the deep corners of potentially city-destroying fractal patterns . The world he weaves is truly excellent . Like Philip Dick , he grounds all of his characters as real people in a real world . You know them as people and not puppets . There is a set of ideas creating a solid foundation for the scenes . Unlike Dick , Stross ' stories are far more accessible , and unlike other current SF writers , its an engrossing romp with reality and unreality woven together like a Celtic knot.Bob , our protagonist , works in a British civil service job in an oddly-named agency with pretty much no prospects other than looking at his cubicle walls for the rest of his life . He 's got a micro-matrix-managing boss who should have pointy hair , but her hairdresser would n't allow that to happen , never . We meet Bob while he is standing out in the rain , waiting to get in through a window.This is one book where I was never bored , or aghast at a writer 's complete lack of technical knowledge . Stross is an excellent writer , and I am going to put him on my short list for buying his other books .
 This is n't the first attempt at mixing mathematics and magic . James Gunn 's `` Sine of the Magus '' , Poul Anderson 's `` Operation Chaos '' , and Rick Cook 's `` Wizard 's Bane '' books all spring to mind.But Mr. Stross has truly carved out a new , terrifying , and terrifyingly humorous niche in this particular sub-sub-genre of science fiction and fantasy.It 's not so much a novel , per se , as a series of closely connected novelets dealing with one `` Bob Howard '' -LRB- Robert E. Howard , by chance ? -RRB- and his growing awareness that The Things Are Out There , and they 're * hungry * . And so , he has no choice but to pick up his PDA and his copy of Knuth 's suppressed Volume 4 and do battle.Stross carries the stories along smoothly , with dashes of humor -LRB- wave if you get some of the more esoteric computer science/physics/mathematics jokes -RRB- , and cold , horrifying nightmares to make even Lovecraft shiver . By the end of the book , you 're not sure whether you 've laughed your way through a horror novel , or shivered your way through a comedy.This was massively worth the time I took to read it . Stross has a sequel in the works , as well , and there 's another Bob Howard story coming out in the first issue of Baen Books ' new E-magazine `` Universe , '' that I 'm waiting for.I hope Bob Howard has a long future , because if he does n't ... -LRB- shiver -RRB- More , please !
 The first time I finished reading The Atrocity Archives , I did something I had n't done in an age
 What a great book ! Charles Stross ' `` Atrocity Archives/Concrete Jungle is a mixtue of Lovecraft , Len Deighton as well as Monty Python and Terry Gilliam 's `` Brazil '' all in one . This is a book that a reader will have to read multiple times and will glean something new from the book in every reading.Bob Howard is an IT -LRB- Info Technology -RRB- support person for the Laundry , a British Department under the OSI banner , now known as MIV and MI VI . The Laundry is the Department that deals with the paranormal for Britain and endeavors to keep the nation free from events and creatures from other dimensions and universes that `` would like to suck brains and souls from our bodies . '' In Mr. Stross ' world , supernatural events and creatures are not conjured through arcane blood rituals but through uses of computers , mathematical formulas and other non-supernatural , technical means . Other countries have paranormal departments as part of their spy/security apparatus . For example , the U.S. paranormal department is known as the Black Chamber.The reader discovers that no one joins the Laundry , they are forced to `` join '' . Bob Howard `` joined '' the Laundry after he was discovered playing with a mathematical theorem on his computer that threatened to obliterate the town of Wolverhampton in a ghastly Lovecraftian manner . He is promoted from IT to field agent after rescuing a summoning class from a possessed classmate who did not follow the rules and discovers that his first case means saving Britain and the rest of the world from a nameless horror from another universe who is working it 's way to our earth with past cooperation from a renegade SS Unit , the Ahenenerbe , who used a ghastly summoning ritual that pertains to the Holocaust , to escape the current earth at the end of WWII.This book defies convention . This is a mixture of Science Fiction , Horror and British Humor all rolled into one fascinating mix . The reader becomes intimately involved in the minutiae of the British Civil Service and their frustrating and over beaureaucratic methods of conducting business . Bob , for example , lives in constant fear of explaining his every action and decision to the unseen but fearome `` Auditors '' . Stross ' characters are enagaging and memorable ; from the sensuous and mysterious Dr. Dominique `` Mo '' O'Brien who has a major part to play in Bob 's first mission , to the mysterious and very sinister Angleton who Bob ends up being a Private personal secretary , the British term for `` Administrative Assistant '' , Bridget and Harriet from HR , his fellow Laundry worker roomates Pinky and Brains and Bob 's slightly harried superior Andy.I love this book . I am currently finishing `` the Jennifer Morgue '' , the second , but hopefully not final Laundry/Bob Howard novel by Mr. Stross . Finally , if you have n't caught the direct parallel between the main character 's name and a famous American writer , then you are not a true fantasy/sci-fi/horror fan . Congratulations , Mr. Stross what an excellent novel you have written .
 `` The Atrocity Archives '' -LRB- which includes the title story as well as the short story `` The Concrete Jungle '' both in this edition as well as in the omnibus edition that I have , entitled `` In Her Majesties ' Occult Services '' -RRB- is a very unusual piece - the world that Stross has created is our world , but just one-half step over ... maybe . Or maybe not - maybe he has just provided us with the real story for the first time ? Who knows?Mixing Cthonian mythos , quantum physics and metaphysics , mathematical metatheory and spy thriller , Stross has made reading this book kind of like watching Monty Python in Japanese . There is simply no way to define the genre . That said , it is certainly a fun ride ! Populated with computer programmer wizards , electronic gorgons , zombie birds and genetically engineered mer-people , this is a weird and wonderful world.Bob is our hero , a member of the Laundry - a section of the British Secret Services that is so secret that even knowing about it is illegal unless you are a part of it . The Laundry is dedicated to making certain that the veils between the realities do n't end up being pierced by accident - some mathematician using an unusual theorem or a computer programmer coming up with something new - that would actually end up calling up the Elder Gods or opening up a portal to allow the gibbering hordes of demons access to our world . Bob was conscripted when a computer program he was working on almost ended up remaking a large part of a section of Britain . He recently made the mistake of asking to work in `` active service , '' and that request has just been approved ... things keep going from bad to worse as he is continually thrown into circumstances that end up snowballing into events beyond his control ; and things are never quite what they seem.In `` Concrete Jungle '' he is awakened at 4 am to go and look at concrete cows in Milton Keynes ; it appears that there may be an extra one there -LRB- there is a herd of concrete cows - sculptures . There are supposed to be 8 . Bob finds 9 -RRB- . Bob discovers what appears to be the work of a basilisk or gorgon . How can this be ? Again , things quickly tobaggon out of his control.Bob is the perfect hero for the modern age - armed with a Palm Pilot and cell phone -LRB- and occasionally a pigeon 's foot -RRB- rather than a gun ; scrawny and nerdish rather than tall and handsome , he is the epitome of the modern computer geek/hacker . Somehow , despite his tendency to stick his nose where it does n't belong , and to jump into the middle of things where he has no business being , he manages to always come out ... well ... alive.I can definitely recommend this book to anyone who
 Though frequently billed as Lovecraft meets a spy novel , it also has a healthy flavor of alternate history like Hellboy , in which evil Nazis carry on their occult madness and murder long after the war . The least expected twist is the black , oh-so British humor of mundane life in the face of otherworldly weirdness , in which our hero is as terrified of having to fill out requisition forms in triplicate as he is of hellspawn that can rearrange his molecules . It drags a little between scenes , especially with some of the domestic humor of his housemates and girlfriend , or it 'd be five stars all the way .
 Charles Stross is rapidly becoming one of my favorite authors , and this book is largely responsible . Great concepts , quirky humor , truly awful and terrifying situations , fast-paced ... what more could you ask for ? Why are you still reading this review ? Go and buy the book already !
 In this world , sitting next to the computers in a secret government agency are the remains of a small sacrifice . Maybe the shuffling undead assistant that brought you tea is standing about , maybe the boss called you on the carpet earlier and you had to speak truths because you were bound by spell to ... Stross wrote a book so good , so full of dark humor and great descriptive flashes , that I read it in a sitting . The setting is at once ridiculous and darkly real , not because of the subject matter -LRB- equal parts Lovecraft and Cold War thriller -RRB- is normal and expected -- far from it . Stross just writes scenes so well that they all hang together in a wonderful way . Even if it 's not a great work of literature it is a great read.If you read and enjoyed the attitude of a Quiller book , stayed awake too long reading Lovecraft , know who Don Knuth is , read about Alan Turing and have read the Atlantic Monthly article by Vannevar Bush you will order this book right now .
 I ca n't understand why this book received such negative reviews . I found this book very enjoyable . Especially since it finally brings the Jade Falcons into the Dark Age storyline .
 I do n't know why the other people did not like the book , but i did i like it alot but that 's my opinion .
 Like all mechwarrior novels you need a basic understanding of the genre and terminology but just your imagination personally a good read overall
 This has been my favorite of the Dark Age series . The story follows Clan Jade Falcon and their descant -LRB- invasion -RRB- into the Inner Sphere . A good bit of background into the Battletech/Mechwarrior universe makes this a much better read and I found myself checking the mechwarrior wiki page for context.I found the political intrigue of the ` heroic ' defenders interesting and the conflicting views of the Jade Falcon leaders Malvina and Aleks very griping as well.The psychology of leadership and warfare comes out in the two leaders . Action Adventure novels tend to glorify war but Victor Milan did a good job describing it as what it is
 The previous Mechwarrior
 I think many Battletech fans , even those less than enamored with the Mechwarrior
 this book is the first that I 've read in this series . I 've played all the mechwarrior games and this book really did not disappoint . It had some real shockers concerning the plot -LRB- that I could 've done without -RRB- . Over all , the action is good , the intrigue is good , and it always leaves you wanting more . -LRB- I finished reading it after a 5 hour binge at 3:30 in the morning . -RRB-
 I have now read all the Darkages books and most have been snooze fests . Being someone that love the Battletech universe I could not resist to give it one more try and WOW what a difference , this is also most the old books , good action never to dull , does not get bogged down to much on the unnecessary stuff . I just hope this continues the trend and the next book in Oct do n't go back to the garbage that they called books for the first 10 tries .
 After 11 books , I 'm starting to enjoy this series more . I really enjoyed this book in particular because Mr. Coleman gave us some glimpses of the broader situation in the Inner Sphere AND the return of REAL battlemechs into the story . Want specifics ? Buy and read the book so they 'll publish more !! This was a good read , and I look forward to more books from Mr. Coleman .
 This book is an excellent , dreamy science fantasy work by a great author . She weaves two parallel story lines across two and a half centuries and creates each world wonderfully . She also integrates historical figures , such as Ben Franklin and Mozart , into the storyline deftly . I would recommend this book to anyone who enjoys science fiction or fantasy , and anyone who enjoys this book should enjoy all of her previous works .
 I would really give this three or three-and-a-half stars , but I am inclined to be generous because it is clearly well-researched and also well-written . Marley has written a knowledgeable and sensitive book about two musicians living 250 years apart . Eilish Eam is an orphaned street player who attracts the attentions of Benjamin Franklin while Erin Rushton is a famous glass harmonica player based in Seattle of the early 20th century . Their presence somehow comforts each other across the ages and Erin learns an important lesson about her own life and the purpose of her art.The problem with the novel is that there simply is not enough there there . While Eam 's world is incredibly detailed , Erin 's is only hinted at . It is obviously quite different from our world in 2003 , but exactly how is never made clear . I realize that the focus was meant to be on Eam . However , since Marley chose to structure the plot around Erin , I felt that she should have also given Erin more focus . The key decisions in the book rested on Erin , but I knew very little about her motivations . As a result , the ending felt a little unearned.That said , the book was good enough that it made me want to try other books that Marley wrote . She writes about 18th century London in a way that felt both sharp and real . I also enjoyed reading it -- it kept me going and interested . Promising signs pointing towards a writer whose other works I might enjoy more .
 Louise Marley has proven herself again ! An author who has established herself in the genres of Fantasy and Science Fiction , Marley has now added a touch of historical fiction to the mix . The Glass Harmonica combines an expertise in music and medicine with future and past worlds that are meticulously developed . The two characters , Eilish and Erin , are compelling ... and the addition of real historical characters such as Ben Franklin and Mozart makes this a convincing and insistant read . Brava !
 Louise Marley 's novel tells two parallel stories . One begins in 1761 and concerns a young orphan named Eilish Eam , who earns her keep by playing music on water-filled glasses for passersby on the streets of one of London 's poorer districts , until she is discovered by Dr. Benjamin Franklin . Impressed with her talent , he offers her a proper place to stay in exchange for her services in developing and playing his own similar invention , which he calls his glass armonica.The other , which occurs in 2018 , follows Erin Rushton , a professional musician whose specialty is an instrument that evolved from Franklin 's original device . Erin 's brother , the composer of much of her repertoire , is undergoing experimental sound therapy to correct a neurological disorder , and her glass harmonica may provide the key.The tales run concurrently in roughly alternating chapters , converging when each character glimpses or feels the ghostly presence of the other . Erin wonders if she is losing her mind , since the harmonica is rumored to induce madness in sensitive individuals . She also finds herself becoming romantically involved with her brother 's doctor.THE GLASS HARMONICA is an uncommon mix of historical fantasy and science fiction drama . I found the chapters set in the past more interesting , and it seems that the author may have as well ; Eilish 's world is described in rich detail while Erin 's feels slightly underdeveloped . I 'm not sure that setting the latter in the future was necessary at all . Most of the technological advances are superficial , and the relevant ones could have easily been worked into the present day.While the story is not quite complex enough to warrant the book 's page count , and the ending is somewhat contrived , I was thoroughly absorbed in the tale . I recommend it especially if music and musicians are one of your literary fetishes .
 I bought this book because it won the Endeavour Award , and also because I 'm interested in Ben Franklin . I loved this book ! Historical detail , interesting scientific speculation , vivid characterization , and clear writing . Really a great read .
 I loved this little book . It had some bit of good history to it also . Louise Marley really drew her characters well . I liked the way she presented Benjamin Franklin . As I would read the words , I could actually smell the scents in both the past and the future with her writing . This book drew me in & took me for a trip . The theme of music helping to heal is an interesting & thought provoking one . I will be reading the other books by Louise Marley .
 This story intrigues with its portrayal of the power of music and human longing . I love a book that moves me , and Marley 's , as usual , does . This story is both sweet and sharp , giving an unflinching glimpse at exploitation and privilege , including a courageously mixed view of Benjamin Franklin . Check out Terrorists of Irustan for another great Marley read .
 Erin Rushton has the perfect life in the world of 2018
 Opera singer Louise Marley is surely one of the most unique new voices I have encountered in the realm of science fiction and fantasy . Her novel `` The Glass Harmonica '' , is a dazzling mix of historical fantasy with borderline cyberpunk science fiction . Her tale is a fascinating look at music from the viewpoints of two women - born centuries apart - consumed by their love of music and whose apparitions demonstrate to each other the important healing power of music . In 1761 London , Eilish Eam is an Irish orphan and street musician whose chance encounter with Benjamin Franklin earns her unexpected patronage and interest in her lyrical playing of the glass armonica . In 2018 Seattle , Erin Rushton is a famous classical musician and the world 's foremost soloist of the glass harmonica . Her brother Charlie , crippled since childhood , is a distinguished classical composer . Tormented by her brother 's health , she soon meets the ghostly wraith-like figure of a young girl who shares her passion for the glass harmonica . Marley is a spellbinding storyteller with a fine gift for creating interesting characters such as Eilish , Sarah , Charlie , and Gene Berrick , the young doctor who tries an unorthodox treatment for Charlie 's injuries . Anyone who loves music , historical fiction and fantasy will find much to enjoy in Marley 's novel .
 This book , written in Louise Marley 's impeccable style , is a lovely tale of mystery , musical history , family responsibility and romance Two young girls both of exceptional talent are connected across time by the instrument called `` glass armonica '' . One girl lives in the 21st century and one in the l9th century . Each has the responsibility of a young brother . The story involves the strong emotional ties to their music and to their brothers which draws them to communicate across the years . Ms. Marley has researched carefully the history of the glass harmonica and Benjamin Franklin 's part in developing the instrument This is a lovely book for ages l5 and up . Tuck it into your bag to take along on your next trip . You wo n't regret it .
 This book 's hard to classify -- fantasy or science fiction , mainstream or young adult . It 's the tale of two women and the music that binds them . In the 1700 's , a young poor girl busks the street playing music from glasses . She 's mentored by Benjamin Franklin , who wants her to play his own glass instrument . In 2018 , musical virtuoso , Erin , returns to play that same instrument.The story is well-written , if a bit long . To me , the 1700 's was a richer venue well depicted and compelling , while the future seems a bit barren and uncertain .
 Not as thought-provoking , or as moving , as some of Marley 's other works , notably `` Terrorists of Irustan . '' It also feels rushed and left me just a little unsatisfied . Still , it is a sweet , pleasant novel , a nice bit of light reading.The story of Eilish , an Irish orphan employed by Benjamin Franklin to play his newest invention , a glass harmonica , is interspersed with that of Erin , a modern/future musical prodigy of the same instrument . As Eilish navigates her way through 18th century London , Erin struggles to engineer her own independence as well as that of her composer brother Charlie , who can not walk thanks to an inherited neurological condition . Music is the key to both of their lives , and specifically what they call `` glass music '' , the sound of the glass harmonica . -LRB- Essentially a mechanized device for spinning glasses , played by rubbing wet fingers around the rim - think of the sound when you rub the rim of a wine glass . -RRB- There is little real tension in this book , save for Charlie 's struggles to walk and the mysterious illness -LRB- never specified , but I assume it to be lead poisoning -RRB- which plagues poor Eilish . Secondary characters are interesting , even when they 're not altogether sympathetic . I was especially fond of Franklin , who comes across as the epitome of an absentminded professor.A nice bit of historical fiction , and especially fun reading if you happen to be interested in music . I guess I 'm just so used to Marley 's `` issue '' novels -LRB- `` Irustan '' , `` Child-Goddess '' , `` The Maquisarde '' -RRB- that this one was just a little bit too light for me . Judged on its own , though , it 's a great effort .
 It 's been years since I read this book , but I still keep it in a place of honor on my crowded shelves . That 's because , although slight in the way of a whisper thin quality , it also cuts through much of the pedantic nature of most historical fiction . I really enjoy the way the author utilized Ben Franklin without having to destroy or reinvent him . I admire the back and forth between timelines that remained clear and precise , something done with an elegance of deceptive simplicity . And I 'm a fan of heartfelt , well developed character driven plots , of which this work is an excellent example . You should choose to pick it up ; it 's sure to stay with you , too .
 A haunting , poetical novel about two young women who are glass harmonica players
 This book surprised me . I was n't sure what to expect when it was given to me , but I was pleasantly surprised at how firmly it kept me in its grasp . There were bits of it where I just wanted them to get on with it and tell us what happened , but it moved along at a fairly good clip.The historical aspects of the story are n't as richly described as I 'm used to with the historical romance genre , but this story is n't really a romance . There are romantic aspects to it , of course , with Erin and Gene coming together as a couple , but that 's actually a very small component of the story.The focus on the Glass Harmonica -LRB- or the Armonica , as it 's ascribed to Benjamin Franklin as saying -RRB- is refreshing . I 'd never heard of this instrument , I 'm not sure if Louise Marley made it up for the story , but it 's a fascinating subject , and the scenes involving Franklin and his contemporaries are very indicative of the period , I think.I thoroughly enjoyed this story , even though it made me very sad at times . I really got into it , and I would highly recommend this book to anyone . It contains quite a bit more substance than most of the fluff I 've read recently , but it 's a good read . I must get my hands on more of Marley 's work now .
 I was once an undergrad in archaeology at the University of Newcastle-upon-Tyne , and Dr Christopher Smith was my personal tutor . He was concise , detailed , and serious researcher - and so was his book ! This book may not be a just book for biginners or those who are merely interested in the subject . It is , however , a definite book for those who are really interested in prehistoric archaeology ; it will bring you to the intellectual depth of the subject . So be prepared !
 This year has been a great one for novels about expeditions to Mars -- first MARS CROSSING , and now FIRST LANDING ; both excellent books with the incredible technical realism and interesting characters . Robert Zubrin 's book follows a group of very different characters as they execute a difficult mission to Mars , and he does not skip out on either the technical details or on the character conflicts . And that 's to be expected -- not only is he a writer , Robert Zubrin is also a top-rate space engineer -- he literally wrote the book on how to go to Mars . This book is great if , like me , you think that science fiction needs both science _ and _ interesting characters.Of the novels about Mars trips , I still think that Geoffrey A. Landis ' book MARS CROSSING is my favorite , but FIRST LANDING runs a close second .
 `` First Landing '' is a quick reading no-brakes story -LRB- I devoured the 262 pages in a couple of sittings -RRB- about humankind 's first landing on Mars that packs a shocker of an ending to boot . `` First Landing '' is the tale of a team of five Americans -LRB- three men and two women -RRB- that make the long the and perilous journey to Mars only to find themselves stranded by the vagaries of public opinion and a few nasty surprises . As a result they are forced to rely on themselves if they are to survive.Wasting very little time with exposition Robert Zubrin -LRB- president of the Mars Society -RRB- jumps right into this story and never slows down until the end . His detailing is quite effective if somewhat limited . Despite the speed with which the story unfolds his characterization is sufficient for me to have rapidly made an emotional connection with main actors.In an interesting addendum the books epilogue is Zubrin 's contention that the type of mission he details in `` First Land '' is what he sees as a blue print for real manned mission to Mars by 2011 . In that limited space he makes a convincing case for a more ambitious Mars program than the one currently being undertaken.On the down side , I wished there were a bit more to this book . I would have liked to have spent more time getting to know these characters . Further , the swiftness with which things unfold leaves a few holes in the motivations of certain key actors that a longer novel could have addressed.However , if you are fan of Mars fiction you will find `` First Landing '' a fun and fast read . It 's not as detailed or plot heavy as Kim Stanley Robinson 's `` Red Mars '' , `` Green Mars '' and `` Blue Mars '' trilogy . But it definitely put a smile on my face when I finished
 I 'm a terribly slow reader , but simply could NOT stop reading this book . The character development of the Mars `` crew '' is just astounding , so much so that I found myself crying in some situations and ready to stand up and cheer in others ! Most importantly though Dr. Zubrin has TRULY captured the essence of what is and shall surely be the human race 's greatest accomplishment . Excellent work !
 A great first effort at fiction ! Dr. Zubrin has put together a book that is hard to put down . The hard science of going to Mars and what might happen when we arrive . Buy It !!
 Review by Peter Kokh , Editor of Moon Miners ManifestoRobert Zubrin proves he is a man of &Ograve;what if&Oacute; imagination as much as he is a master of &Ograve;outside the box&Oacute; engineering . As ardent an advocate as he is of manned missions to Mars leading to the opening of the Mars Frontier as a second human homeworld , he is not afraid to bring home to the reader how very difficult the steps may prove to be . &Ograve;First Landing&Oacute; might as aptly have been titled , &Ograve;Murphys Law crash lands on Mars.&Oacute; Just about everything that could possibly go wrong soon does . The odds of recovery are slim.Yet , fresh on the heels of his , and the Mars Societys , brilliant recovery from the crash landing of the fifth of five paradrop payloads of materials and equipment &Ograve;needed&Oacute; to build the Flashline Mars Arctic Research Station on Devon island in the Canadian Arctic last summer , his crew on the Beagle recovers from one mishap after another from a forced landing to ... Well , I dont want to give anything away!Zubrin is a firm believer that of all the tools we need to do a successful venture to Mars , human resourcefulness and determination are the most invaluable . If morale survives , so does possibility.The author is not afraid to tackle some real tough situations . What do you do if someone cant return to Earth , or refuses to ? What do you do if the public back home doesnt want you to return ? And what if the Administration doesnt have the moral guts to lead the public , but finds it more politically expedient to follow?Most people seem to expect the Mars Program to follow the script of Apollo
 First Landing is simply a great book . It is exciting and dramatic while remaining firmly based on known science.In truth , the political manuevering and chaos on Earth is almost worth reading all on its own.First Landing would make a great movie.The highest praise you can give First Landing is that it is too short . The book could easily have added another 100 pages and still been just as exciting .
 One would expect that a first venture by an aerospace engineer into fiction would have a load of neat technical detail , but very little story populated by cardboard charectors . One would be right about the technical detail , but happily wrong about the story and the charectors . Bob Zubrin 's First Landing is an awe inspiring epic about the first expedition to Mars , taking place just ten years in our future . He has populated his story with a strong group of all too human charectors , not the least of who are the crew of the Beagal . Driven apart by personality clashes , the members of the crew ultimately pull together to overcome disaster and hardship in a story that made me breathless several times during the reading of it.Dr . Zubrin , besides being a fine story teller , is the visionary engineer who developed the Mars Direct scheme to send humans to Mars and bring them back safely to Earth-depicted quite graphicly in the story . However one feels about a Mars program as the `` next logical step '' for America 's space program , one can not deny that now in fiction , as he has in countless speaches and in two highly recommended nonfiction books -LRB- The Case for Mars and Entering Space -RRB- , Dr. Zubrin makes a strong case for his point of view . I can not recommend this story enough . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 One would expect that a first venture by an aerospace engineer into fiction would have a load of neat technical detail , but very little story populated by cardboard charectors . One would be right about the technical detail , but happily wrong about the story and the charectors . Bob Zubrin 's First Landing is an awe inspiring epic about the first expedition to Mars , taking place just ten years in our future . He has populated his story with a strong group of all too human charectors , not the least of who are the crew of the Beagal . Driven apart by personality clashes , the members of the crew ultimately pull together to overcome disaster and hardship in a story that made me breathless several times during the reading of it.Dr . Zubrin , besides being a fine story teller , is the visionary engineer who developed the Mars Direct scheme to send humans to Mars and bring them back safely to Earth-depicted quite graphicly in the story . However one feels about a Mars program as the `` next logical step '' for America 's space program , one can not deny that now in fiction , as he has in countless speaches and in two highly recommended nonfiction books -LRB- The Case for Mars and Entering Space -RRB- , Dr. Zubrin makes a strong case for his point of view . I can not recommend this story enough . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 First , two caveats
 After a year in space , the five-person team on board the Beagle are getting ready to land on Mars . The landing , like everything else that follows , does not go smoothly but it does get the astronauts there in one piece . Within the first few weeks there , they have found a gemstone that is harder than a diamond and microorganisms that prove there is life on the red planet.The astronauts are elated by their discovery of life on Mars but on Earth , hysteria sets in , fanned by a popular writer and a televangelist . They fear that the astronauts will bring back some pandemic disease to earth . A fuel line leakage leaves them stranded on Mars and the president , who is up for reelection , is not pushing a rescue mission . This means that the five stranded Americans will have to find a way to get themselves off planet or die when their air and food runs out.Robert Zubrin has written a science fiction that measures up to the works of Author C Clarke and Robert Heinlein . The politics that are involved in a space mission are astounding to behold and the interactions of the five stranded people who have been cooped up together for three years ring true -LRB- ever share a house with another generation ? -RRB- . FIRST LANDING is a work of hope , written by a visionary who sees the possibilities in the not too distant future.Harriet Klausner
 It is vision , a discussion of why we should go to Mars , just as much as a novel . It is most enjoyable and surprising reading . When you get into it , you keep turning pages.I read in a perfect setting
 Stranded ! On Mars , no less.Could anything go wrong on a space mission to Mars ? Of course . What about the crew ? Obviously , they 'll all get along just fine . Just like we all do here on Earth . Or will they?The book has action and suspense . And while some of what happens is extravagant by non-fiction standards , it is fine in a work of fiction . I certainly enjoyed it . Zubrin always has plenty of imagination.Besides all the action , the book makes some points about the possibilities of resources on Mars , life on Mars and the relatively low risk of back-contamination of Earth . Some day , our heirs will have been on Mars for a while . I wonder what they 'll think of this book then .
 Zubrin 's story reaffirms optimism in the dreams and ideals of the Space Age , presenting Mars as the New Frontier that will keep our civilization alive and growing . One reviewer did not like Zubrin 's characters , calling them cliches . I disagree . The characters Zubrin used are the right characters that should be in a story like this . I especially appreciate Zubrin 's respectful and insightful handling of the clash of worldviews between the liberal agnoticism of the Radcliff-educated Rebecca -LRB- the biologist and physician -RRB- , and the fundamentalist Christian coal-miner 's daughter Gwen -LRB- the military-trained engineer -RRB- . Zubrin dared to address the area of moral values , and showed their importance to human motivation . He allowed his characters to change and grow as they came to appreciate one another 's differing views . The controlling , manipulative Rebecca came to regret and repent of the way she tried to `` trample upon Gwen '' and her conscientious convictions , and came to realize that Gwen 's refusal to submit to an abortion was absolutely consistent with Rebecca 's own love and adoration for life . Few writers in any genre dare to address this subject so boldly and profoundly . WARNING
 From the first page , Bob Zubrin 's latest book pulled me in and would n't let me go , and I see I 'm not the only one ! Do n't start this if you 're not ready for a wild ride through space , science and the human spirit.If you share the Dream of bringing Life to Mars -LRB- and Mars to Life ! -RRB- , read this book and be re-inspired . If you do n't , read it and find out why everybody 's talking ... about Mars !
 Robert Zubrin knows what he 's talking about when it comes to Mars . Any NASA/world mission to Mars in the next few decades will probably borrow heavily from Zubrin 's ideas . None of this guarantees that his fiction will be excellent , but Zubrin lands this novel and brings it back to Earth despite a few glitches . The technical details of the story are excellent . The twists in the plot make this landing on Mars different enough from other Mars books to keep the reader 's attention . Most of the problems with the book reside with his characters . Unfortunately , the book is populated with astronauts , ground crew , and politicians that are too cartoonish for my taste . The conflict between Luke Johnson and Dr. Sherman might happen on Earth , but they probably would n't get to take it to Mars . And the conflict between Gwen and Dr. Sherman should have been left out entirely ; Zubrin could have had his ending without it . Ranting aside , I enjoyed reading the book and would give it 4.4 stars if I could .
 This is the first fiction book by Bob Zubrin , author of the highly acclaimed book `` The Case for Mars '' . As with writers such as Isaac Asimov and Sir Arthur Clarke , Zubrin displays a huge talent for writing BOTH science AND science fiction , and First Landing is a great showcase for this talent ! I would argue that Bob Zubrin is also one of the greatest visionaries of our time , someone whose work should NOT be missed.First Landing tells the story of the first human landing on Mars . It 's an intriguing tale , made all the more plausible and realistic by the fact that Zubin is one of the leading scientists working on plans to explore -- and settle -- the Red Planet.After Hollywood trash such as `` Red Planet '' , First Landing is a breath of fresh air ! If only they had -LRB- or perhaps they will or should ! -RRB- turn First Landing into a movie . It would be fabulous.If you have any interest whatsoever in Mars or in human space exploration -- or even if you are just looking for a book that will portray a thought-provoking glimpse of the future , I can definitely recommend First Landing . -LRB- I also highly recommend Bob Zubrin 's other books , `` The Case for Mars '' and `` Entering Space '' . If you have n't read those , pop those books in your Amazon cart along with First Landing ! -RRB-
 I was excited to see that the author of ` Entering Space ' and ` The Case for Mars ' had written a novel about the first manned mission to Mars . I was not disappointed.I found this book to be fast-paced , exciting , and scientifically accurate . Zubrin manages to weave a complex tale of survival on Mars together with interesting characters and a plot that left me wondering ` what 's next ' ? About the only short-coming is that the novel is too short . I literally could not put it down.The most compelling reason to read this novel is to glimpse Zubrin 's unbounded vision of humanity 's limitless future , also expressed in the non-fiction ` The Case for Mars ' and ` Entering Space ' . Man 's destiny is the stars , and we do n't have to wait 100 or 1000 years as naysayers would lead us to believe -LRB- like those who would have kept our ancestors living in caves -RRB- . We can reach for our destiny right now . All it takes is vision and courage .
 This is a MUST have for SERIOUS sci-fi and space fans . I have read a many sci-fi publications but reading one produced by the specialist in the field is a very different experience all together . Backing story with solid facts makes this book very believable.I found movies Mission to Mars , Red Planed and Escape from Mars not that interesting as they have too much FX and not so much human insides . This book together with Red/Green/Blue Mars , Mars -LSB- Bova -RSB- and Mars Crossing is a lot more realistic and entertaining .
 This is a classic read for the Mars enthusiast , spec fiction / sci / fi fan . Zubrin brings to life the close reality of a Mars Mission in human as well as technological terms . His imagination makes the story as real as it can get ... until we can get to Mars ourselves . A true page turner and great Summer read .
 I was afraid , on first picking this book up and trying to decide whether to buy it or not , that I was going to be sorely disappointed ; like I was when I read Aldrin 's `` Encounter with Tiber '' . I expected a dull , technical , rambling , unexciting and implausible kind of novel . In other words , a boring engineering rationale for going to Mars dressed up as fiction . Boy , was I wrong ! This is an exciting , gripping , emotional and self-consistent story about a 5-member crew that lands in Mars in the year 2011 , becoming the first humans in history to do so . I say self-consistent because , on reading , and as is the case in many novels , one has to forget what one knows . One has to forget , for example , that it is more probable that a multi-national crew will be the first to go to Mars , instead of a purely American one , given the present state of affairs . One has to forget that NASA would never consent to be left out of the loop of communication and decision-making . Other than that , this novel is as engaging as Back to the Moon by Homer Hickam . My only hope is that this book is someday remembered as having come the closest to predicting our first actual visit to Mars .
 You have n't ! This book is the most incredible , best told story I have ever read . The book could have been quadrupled in length and I still would read it . The character development is this book is superb . Some characters go from seemingly useless to the best man on the mission , or from all tough to showing a good side . This is the best book in terms of character development that I have read in ALL genres.Dr . Zubrin tells the story of 5 astronauts who travel to Mars - and get stranded there . Those of you who may read Dr. Zubrin 's other books , you may ask how this happened . For those of you who have n't , you 'll find out . This book shows what a 5-minute speech and the clapping of one person can do to the public opinion of the United States . If you like to read books , this deserves a permanent place on your bookshelf . If you do n't , read it anyway ! There is no excuse for not reading this book , so get it now . You should also pick up Dr. Zubrin 's other 2 superb books - The Case for Mars , and Entering Space.READ THIS BOOK TODAY !!
 Every once in a while , I pick up a book thats tough to put down . I read this one in several sittings and as I read , I kept thinking of what a great film it would make . I make this statement because the novel is very visual , has a great cast of characters , and a story line with a interesting perspective on the first manned Mars mission . I like my Science Fiction with a heavy emphasis on science and technology , and this book delivered . I found myself deeply involved with the characters , and their situations as well . The last few chapters , especially the epilog , brought a tear or two to my eyes . I highly recommend this novel .
 Dr Zubrin 's book is as hard as hard scifi can get . Set ten years in the future , this story is almost tomorrow 's news . A must for read for those following the developments of the Mars Society . This book is absolutely great on technical merit while engaging and fun to read .
 This is great stuff , Zubrin is one cool dude and writes fiction with the best of them . The story entranced me and drew me in and I could not stop myself from reading . If you wonder how it may be like to explore and survive on the planet Mars in the first expedition -LRB- circa 2011 -RRB- read this book , I bet when we finally reach Mars with a human crew it will be very much as depicted by Zubrin here in this novel.The mission Zubrin describes here is beset with many technical hurdles , some may be from sabotage , and political intrigue exists as well . Mars is a beautiful planet in it 's own unique way and Zubrin conveys with success that beauty and wonder to the reader . I thought the resourcefulness of the crew , consisting of five members , was amazing , and the trip to the bottom of the Valley Of The Mariners was very well done . Character development was superb , I loved Rebecca , the biologist . Their ordeal is realistically put forth by Zubrin , again it was a page turner for me . This novel portrays our future exploration of Mars in the grandest sense , a joy to read , expertly written , and should be read by all science fiction fans and others as well.At the end of this novel resides a short appendix where Zubrin details the Mars Direct plan , interesting indeed . In fact , Zubrin believes spacefaring countries could send humans to Mars within a decade or so , if support developed , and we could become a two planet species . Dr. Zubrin is an astronautical engineer and has written two non-fiction space related books , Entering Space , and The Case For Mars , also well worth reading
 I really liked the fact that the achievements of the first martians was realistic , and the technology they used to reach a point where colonization became inevitable sounded very realistic - something possible in the near future without any mega projects . I find the political drama unfolding on Earth regarding the opposition faced in bringing them back to Earth a little unrealistic . Overall the book was amazing - a littlemore visualization of Mars 's physical surroundings would have been nice - something Arthur C. Clarke knows very well how to achieve . But overall I think Zubrin has done an excellent job - very readably , inspiring and fast paced novel - you will finish it even before you realize it . Its not a very big novel unlike the Mars series from Kim Stanley .
 Zubrin is a gifted and talented writer that can easily blend fact with fiction , and `` First Landing '' has all the right stuff
 exciting through out , realistic characters and scenarios . Characters portray a good cross-section of attitudes towards Mars exploration . A must read for Mars enthusiasts
 Another great book by Dr Robert Zubrin . First Landing is a fast reading , well written novel 262 pages . An easy read . Read it in 1 day . Could n't put it down.This one is a sci fi novel of the first landing by 5 astronaut/scientists to Mars . We see a strange mixture of a top gun Air Force Colonel , a Tomboy Army Major/head mechanic , a top notch beautiful female life scientist PHD/medical doctor , a Texas cowboy type PHD Geologist and a historian.Don ' t ruin this great sci fi by super analyzing it by trying to say NASA would never allow such a group that has problems getting along and the mission members would never do the things they do against NASA protocols . Remember its a novel ... just enjoy it.Robert also has an end chapter describing the low cost Mars Direct approach to send 5 to Mars allowing them to live off the land using a nuke reactor to make fuel from with the help of the Martian atmosphere and a HAB shelter already deposited.I 'm a big believer in Mars Direct and support the Mars Society in its efforts to get NASA , Congress and the President up to speed for the need to go to Mars via Mars Direct . I joined the Mars Society as a life member . Also read Robert 's The Case For Mars 5 stars , Mars on Earth 5 stars , Entering Space 5 stars , and How to Live on Mars 3 stars . Robert is the President of the Mars Society , a great rocket scientist who knows his Mars stuff and is a great writer.The end of the book is great . I 'd tell you it but I 'd ruin the ending for you . I 'll just say its a happy ending and all the heroes do great in different things and a big plus for mankind . After reading First Landing you feel good . Good sci fi using pre existing technology that can take us to Mars . 5 stars . Enjoy
 As I read this book and thought about the other books I have read by Robert Zubrin , I realized that this it was as if Albert Einstein had written a book of fiction on relativity . Dr. Zubrin breadth of knowledge regarding Mars is so vast that he can make us `` feel , breath , and smell '' Mars . It should -LRB- and probably already is -RRB- required reading for NASA astronauts and scientists interested in Mars . Dr. Zubrin gives us a template for understanding what to expect when we get there . Laced in the story I read was the well thought out method to get to Mars , including the production of artificial gravity . In addition , the selection of crew was well thought out as well . As with his other books , I felt closer to really understanding the challenges of a voyage to Mars . Finally , I believe after reading this book , that we should listen and learn from Robert Zubrin and look forward to the habitation of Mars .
 Robert Zubrin 's First Landing is a definite page-turner . This action packed novel leaves nothing out in terms of both technical and interpersonal problems that could possibly be encountered during a human mission to Mars . Each crewmember rises to the occasion in their own way to overcome personal differences with other crew members , difficulties in dealing with missions support , and solving technical problems that come about during the mission . This is a story of human strength and heroism , as this crew becomes the pioneers of a new world
 After the excellent but technical `` Case for Mars '' Zubrin positions himself as a great fiction writer with `` First Landing '' . The people in `` First Landing '' are real , with their flaws and quirks . This is not Star trek , there are no warp drives and teleporters . Life on Mars is hard and dirty , but eventually the people prevail due to their own strength and ingenuity.Going to Mars is not a frivolous idea . Mars is within reach , and it must be done . If we shy from this challenge , ignorance and terrorists will prevail over America , over that country which in distant past landed its people on the Moon .
 This is the first good , new sci-fi I 've read in years ; or I should say , finished reading . I like science fiction , mystery , adventure , and many other types of novels , and it is so very refreshing to find a sci-fi novel that 's readable and does n't take 100 pages to introduce the characters , plot , or name its characters after chemical elements and freezer bags . This is apparently Dr. Zubrin 's first novel and he does an excellent job of `` showing , not telling '' and letting the characters move the story along . I previously read `` Case for Mars '' and `` Entering Space '' and when I learned the author was writing an SF novel about Mars , figured it would be an interesting read . It was . One of Dr. Zubrin 's strengths is his ability to weave-in technical facts without mucking-up the story line by making it overly technical and boring . In my opinion , too many modern SF writers try to sound smart and only succeed in writing boring stories with characters named Benzicrome or Zip-Loc , that no one finishes . Anyone can go to the library and get a textbook . First Landing is not a textbook , but it could be used as one . I would like to see the author write novels about a space-fairing race that explores the solar system and beyond . Congratulations Dr. Zubrin ! And keep writing !
 I am currently working on a Master 's degree in Classics , and I have been studying Latin formally for over three years . Pedagogy is now my concern . I am interested in tools that will help others to learn Latin in an expedient and enjoyable manner . I now think that THE tool to use in helping students learn Latin is George Sharpley 's `` Essential Latin . `` Sharpley 's work contains a plethora of Latin texts from a diverse number of Latin writers . He has an answer key in the back of the book , and plenty of paradigms and pictures to assist the new student of Latin . The cultural sections are also invaluable , as is the pronunciation guide . In short , Sharpley 's inductive approach is refreshing and effective . I strongly recommend this book as a pedagogical tool !
 In trying to please all comers -LRB- as per its introduction -RRB- , it seems to become the proverbial `` jack of all trades and master of none '' . I do very much like this book , but many adults seem to favor a more analytic approach , so `` complete '' beginners will probably be confused by its '' ` natural language ' - esque '' pedagogy of introducing new material without sufficient in-depth commentary , if any at all , initially . This book is probably better as a review for second-year Latin students ... I am a complete beginner , but luckily I am not relying totally on this one book -LRB- I find it best to consult a wide variety of sources
 I picked up this book to relearn the Latin I 'd forgotten since high school . I chose it because of it 's clear organization , and the way it moves quickly into the material . After using the book I came to appreciate the essays on Roman culture , and the sections of original source material to translate . Reading some original material made studying Latin really interesting .
 When I decided that learning Latin would further my career , Essential Latin was the book I chose . Although it starts off with the hard stuff -LRB- grammar , cases etc. -RRB- , it gave an excellent view of latin , and also insights into the history of ancient Rome . Filled with comical cartoons and ancient quotes to translate , this is the essential book to learn latin from . There is an Audio cassette available throught the publishers .
 Great book ! Reads faster than most books its size . I would highly recommend anyone teaching a class about race relations or racism consider this for one of their reading assignments . Younger students will enjoy the action but opens great discussions about race , reversed racism , caste systems , and slavery . Only $ 6-8 new , college students will appreciate that !
 I enjoyed this book quite a bit . How much did we see of the aliens in Independence Day and War of the Worlds ? Almost half this book deals with the Saurons which is the best part as far as I am concerned . Looking forward to Earthrise . For those who think this is the worse book in the world , you should get out and read some more .
 It would be all together too easy to dismiss this novel , first in a series , as yet another typical Aliens attack invasion story . And , on one level , that is in fact all this entire novel is about . Aliens , in this case known as the Saurons , have arrived in the year 2020 and using their technologically advanced weaponry , have laid waste to the planet . In the three days since their sudden arrival on what is forever known as `` Black Friday , '' the Saurons have destroyed nearly every single manmade structure on the planet . Major cities and small villages are nothing more than smoking rubble , billions have died , and the rest of humanity has been enslaved except for a few pockets here and there . Ironically , the Saurons have now designated our world as `` Haven . `` While working on the typical alien invasion , everyone dies , but do n't forget the inevitable resistance movement scheming to take back the planet -LRB- where is Arnold when you really need him ? -RRB- level , there is an intriguing deeper level to this novel . The Saurons Empire is made up of subjugated races and there is simmering internal racial strife . `` Yes , there was little doubt that the great architect understood the nature of his creations , wisely setting Zin over Kan , Kan over Fon , and the Saurons over all the other species . '' Not only are there strong distinctions between the groups , such as the Kan who are the fighters but seem to have little independent reasoning ability on their own , there are also distinctions between individual members of the same group . In the Sauron culture , the darker one 's appearance is becomes the determining factor of importance and as such , regulate the Fon as being the lowest of the low.While the Saurons have the same internal political infighting issues and racial problems that have plagued Mankind for centuries , they also seem to have the inability to see beyond their own biases . In so doing , they place dark skinned persons in power as overseerers in various roles over what is left of humanity . Not only does this encourage white separatist groups to armed organized resistance , it causes factions to develop in the Saurons Empire . Soon , radical elements in the alien and the human communities join forces , united in their opposition.While dealing with the touchy theme of racism , Mr. Dietz also throws in elements in regards to a religious theme . The Saurons are a nomadic empire , going from planet to planet on a quest as outlined in their `` Book of Life . '' Following their religious theory , they have come here to build what appear to be temples before moving on to the next planet . But , for reasons initially known only to themselves , the temples have to be constructed using a rigid set of protocols in a specified time frame and time is running out.At 355 pages , this is a very enjoyable read working on different levels and themes . Primarily an action-oriented novel with some limited character development , Mr. Dietz keeps the preaching down to the barest minimum . Readers need to be aware that beyond its twist ending , this novel is a setup novel for the next in the series . As such , the ending is very open and this novel leaves quite a number of story threads hanging . The next novel according to this work is titled EarthRise and was scheduled to be released in the fall of 2002 .
 I loved Deathday and the rest of the series . The characters were very well developed . I have read hundreds of Scifi novels and I hope you are not put off by all of the negative reviews ! The series is a terrific read !
 Deathday takes place in 2020 where a racist alien race called Saurons come to Earth and destroy about 3 billion people in about 12 hours and enslave the remainder of the human race . Saurons are insect like creatures that have created a caste system based on the color of their chitin . The three groups consist of the Zin , which are the ruling caste with black chitin , the Fon , which are the middle class that oversee the tasks of slaves and have white chitin , and the Kan , which are the warriors of the race and have a chitin that changes colors according to their surroundings . Their leader , a Zin named Hak-Bin , decided to develop a sort of puppet `` government '' for the slave population to believe that they had at least some hope to hold onto . The Saurons selected a governor , Governor Alexander Franklin , to be their puppet president . They then forced the slaves to build an enormous citadel in preparation of Deathday . Like most insects on Earth the Saurons produce asexually but when they reproduce the original parent dies and only one nymph comes out of the creature . In other words , on Deathday the entire Sauron race will die and a new group of them will be born and kill all of the humans . The Saurons kept this a secret from the slaves but it was discovered by another race the Saurons had enslaved , the Ra-Na race . The Ra-Na then told Franklin of the plot . Franklin decided to stop being a puppet , escaped the Saurons , and joined the resistance movements into one organized movement . The only problem is that the resistance has just found that there is a second citadel that if not found and destroyed would allow the aliens to produce up to three new nymphs each . Enough to repopulate the race even if they manage to destroy the first citadel the enemy will still grow . Now the clock is ticking and the humans are losing valuable time . Can the humans find the citadel and if they do will they be able to destroy the Saurons for good?I thought that this book was excellent . It showed great details throughout the story . I have read many sci-fi books in the past and this is by far the best I have read . The detail in which the author describes the different characters and their personalities is unbelievable and the way that he captures the strength of the human race and it 's will to survive even against unimaginable odds is nothing short of astounding . None of the other stories have even come close to this one in terms of detail . The story line was unique all in it 's self . The idea of such creatures and their attitude and culture is remarkable . I would recommend this story to all who enjoy a good science fiction novel with plenty of twists . Though probably unsuitable for some small children , I believe that most everyone will have a blast with this story .
 From the first sentence , Mr. Dietz books draw the reader into another world which is not so dissimilar to our own . All of the characters have character . Even minor bio bod characters , cyborgs and even computers , become my friends . These characters -LRB- both male and female and human and alien -RRB- are amazing role models or great villains but never caricatures . Every politician and voter should read the series , Earth Rise and Death Day , to see what it really means to be an American we might have to face aliens !
 I loved this story . I thought the people had some depth and it was nice to see minorities written as people not as `` black people '' or `` Hispanic people '' . It boils down to color is an issue if you allow it and that we are n't the only ones with race issues . I hate so many people panned it . I loved it so much I gave it to a friend to read .
 Alien invasion stories have been done to death since H.G. Wells gave us The War Of The Worlds so it is extraordinarily difficult to come with a new slant to this time-honored genre . Well , William C. Dietz pulls it off with Death Day and the concluding volume Earth Rise . What sets Death Day apart from most of the invasion tradition is , first of all , the invading force being made up of different races . This makes an interesting dynamic and gives the enemy character as their squabbles , in-fighting and fight for freedom -LRB- some are slaves to others -RRB- make for something new , different and engaging . Also , using racism amonst the aliens as well as the surviving human population rings a true , and tragic , note . The surviving pockets of humanity withdraw within themselves , close off their borders and horde resources . The aliens favor people of color and place them as overseers as human slaves are forced to work building alien temples on Earth . And , sadly , collaborators work with the invading force to control the humans . But the seeds of rebellion have been planted . Humans and enslaved aliens are fighting back and this first book sets up an alliance between the enslaved races . All this is interesting stuff and makes for a fresh approach . I enjoyed this book and recommend it highly . Dietz is the best SF writer working today when it comes to letting character drive the story no matter the setting .
 I see a lot of people really did n't like for this book and I do n't understand why . It is a little slow in parts but interesting nonetheless . I thought that the aliens were intriguing and the characters are very developed . The story moves at a decent pace for the most part.One only real problem I have with this book is that it does n't really describe the aliens technology a whole lot . Maybe it is in the sequel . I recommend this book . I think it is a pretty good Alien Invasion story and I look forward to reading Earthrise .
 In 2020 in what seemed like a blink of an eye , New York City , Moscow , and Beijing were easily destroyed . Not much more than a weekend past and the invaders conquered the earth . More than three billion humans died starting on what became known as Black Friday as the alien Sauron race , using superior weaponry , easily win the war . Any human who survived the weekend of terror has a struggle ahead as slaves of the mighty Sauren race.UN Security Officer Jack Manning ends his vacation once he learns that the nations of the world lost to the brutally efficient Saurons . The leadership Zin faction of the conquerors have no mercy immediately directing their Kon soldiers to kill any opposition no matter how slight . In that environment , a captured Jack labors in the mines of his enemy before being reassigned to a massive temple building construction project . He patiently waits to escape , but the opportunity never seems to surface.DEATHDAY , the first tale of William Deitz 's alien invasion series , is an exciting non-stop action thriller though most of the book occurs after the Saurons win . The fast-paced story line is exciting and the insight into the Sauron caste system is cleverly intermingled into the plot so readers begin to understand the conquerors . This is what makes this a must read for sub-genre fans . William C Dietz provides more than just an opening gamut of a military science fiction thriller along the lines of V . He provides a deep social and psychological study of humanity and the Saurons that make the invasion seem devastatingly real and leave breathless readers waiting for EARTHRISE.Harriet Klausner
 `` Historical Archaeology '' brings studies of Archaeology into a new perspective.It is a colection of very varied essays which focus Archaeology in a world perspective
 I loved this book . I 'd been looking forward to it for a long time and it lived up to my expectations . Filled with transformations and strange magic , Past the Size of Dreaming continues the story begun in A Red Heart of Memories . Having found Edmond 's friend Suki and settled -LRB- temporarily -RRB- in the magical , sentient house which served as the safe haven for Edmond and his friends during their adolecent years , Edmond and Matt attempt to locate Julio and Deirdre . Matt learns of the events that helped to drive the four friends apart fifteen years earlier through dreams which the magical house sends her . When Edmond tries to find Julio with magic he fails . Leaving Suki and her ghostly boyfriend Nathan -LRB- who is trapped in the house except on Holloweens and seances -RRB- to keep the house company , Matt and Edmond go in search of Deirdre , who is relatively easy to locate . A drive to the desert finds her ensconced as a small-town , small-animal vet . She is happy to see Edmond but reluctant to return with him to the house . Using their very different magics -LRB- Edmond can communicate with the natural world , whereas Matt can communicate with human-made objects -RRB- and some common sense , they end up finding everyone , including the twin witch sisters Tasha and Terry and the person Julio has become . Everyone has changed , some more than others . As the friends get to know each other anew , an old enemy begins to move against them . I do n't want to give away what happens next , as this book is filled with many fantastic surpises . The writing is supurb and fans of Ms. Hoffmans earlier work will not be disappointed . Be prepaired for an engrossing , beautiful read .
 Thanks to Matilda `` Matt '' Black , a witch with the ability to talk with inanimate objects and see into people 's dreams , Edmond has regained his memory . Edmund , a passable witch , and Matt go back to House , a living entity , to see their old friend Nathan the ghost . Obtaining House 's blessing , Edmund also brings his childhood friends there for a visit.Most people on intimate terms with House have been transformed into beings with magical abilities that ultimately attract the attention of an evil sorcerer . He wants to bind this group to him . While the witches fight off the magical attack , Houses confesses that it purposely brought them together to defeat for reasons of its ' own.PAST THE SIZE OF DREAMING , the sequel to A RED HEART OF MEMORIES , is a beautiful story where evil tries to triumph over good . Nina Kiriki Hoffman is a wonderful storyteller who makes the written word sing . The characters , including House , drive the story as the motley crew wins the hearts of readers who will anxiously await the next installment in this fabulous series.Harriet Klausner
 When a house of witches is threatened by a greater power , the group must call in reinforcements from the past and form an even tighter band in order to survive . While familiarity with Hoffman 's past titles on the theme will lend a quicker appreciation for the setting here , her fine story will engross even newcomers , filled with imagery and strong characters .
 Nina Hoffman is a remarkable writer . Her world and characters will keep you surprised , amazed , and reading . PAST THE SIZE OF DREAMING is a worthy follow-up to A RED HEART OF MEMORIES . Readers who have wondered about Matt and Edmund since the first book will be delighted to find out more ; those who have not yet met them will be delighted , too.I recommend ALL of Hoffman 's work . She 's one of the most innovative fantasists writing today , and her work has appeal to both adult and teenaged readers , which is no mean feat .
 The trilogy following Edmond , Matt , Susan , and House concludes with tons of unanswered questions , and leaves room for a whole mess of sequels . While I like Hoffman 's prose and imaginative settings , I ca n't help but feel disappointed at another ending with so much open . She writes such vivid characters , and yet the story always ends with one problem solved and five more created.This is the story of the transformation of House , and ` Past the Size of Dreaming ' refers to the task set by the House to it 's children , which are being gathered by Edmond and Matt in the early book . They are opposed by the warlock who hurt Julio long ago . I do n't recommend reading this first , book one -- A Stir of Bones , book two -- A Red Heart of Memories .
 I am prejudiced . I read to crawl into the writer 's imagination and live their story . Nina can write and be enjoyed regardless of the age group chosen for her market . Enjoy her books and share them with your children and greand children .
 If you like hard Sci-Fi , Echo 's Of Earth will provide you with a few days enjoyment . The book reads quickly and does a good job of immersing the reader in an interesting universe without excessive buildup . One interesting touch is that the flawed hero is REALLY flawed , almost to the point that the reader would rather `` be '' someone else . I 'm not a physicist so I ca n't really comment on the physics , though from a laymans perspective most of it seems believable in context . Echos Of Earth is short on biology and heavy on AI and technology . The biology extends only to say that cyanobacteria inhabit many planets and brief mention of the resemblance of some alien races to earth animals . With a decent plot and some interesting twists , you 'll probably enjoy it like I did .
 For me , this book recaptures what I particularly enjoy about Science Fiction ; lots of mind expanding ideas set in the near future as humanity begins to explore our galaxy . The authors cleverly extrapolate from several key ideas ; the use of software agents -LRB- engrams -RRB- capturing the essential abilities of appropriately skilled personnel to make galactic exploration practical , first contact with a vastly superior alien race , via gifts that encourage development , Artificial Intelligence exceeding human intelligence and leading to `` The Spike '' , a dramatic crash in human development and its subsequent renormalisation in the new environment and finally , the risk of species extermination by malevolent , unapproachable aliens.These ideas have been cleverly presented in an evenly paced , entertaining story , told through the viewpoint of the embodied engram , Peter Alander , who struggles to overcome his own flaws while interacting with his old shipmates , the alien gifts , and an enhanced embodied version of his survey manager crew-mate when he returns to the solar system . I found it somewhat distracting having to wait for `` The Spike '' and the political background in the solar system to be explained as the story focus relocates there , but perhaps this was a deliberate ploy by the authors to communicate some of what Peter would have experienced.Nice to see the story supported by interesting appendices , including background on the use of the ` Adjusted Planck Standard International Units ' . I 'm not sure if the latter helps or distracts from the story , but full marks to the authors for bravely including them .
 _ Echoes of Earth _ by Sean Williams and Shane Dix in the opening pages introduces us to the character Peter Alander , a member of the deep space survey ship _ Frank Tipler _ . Launched in the year 2050 and traveling at 80 % the speed of light , the _ Tipler _ carried Alander and the rest of his crew 72 light years from Earth to the star Upsilon Aquarius . They were sent there to survey the third planet in the system , a planet named Adrasteia , one that was known to be the source of oxygen and water spectra detected by interferometers in the Sol system . The _ Tipler _ was one of a thousand other similar survey ships launched as part of the United Near-Earth Stellar Survey Program -LRB- UNESSPRO -RRB- in a great wave of exploration.In a real twist Alander is not human . Nor is anyone else on the _ Tipler _ . Or at least , not completely human . Alander , mission leader Caryl Hatzis , and the dozens of other specialists on the _ Tipler _ are engrams , electronic simulations of actual people , people that were chosen in the 2040s to have their thought processes copied and molded into a highly complex simulations , ones that could perform - hopefully - just as well as their originals could . Carefully modeled to experience such hormonally influenced traits as desire , hunger , and fatigue , they nevertheless were much better suited to the rigors of interstellar travel . Not only weighing virtually nothing -LRB- as it is extremely expensive to accelerate anything to near light speeds -RRB- , they are much better suited to survive the nearly one hundred year trip to Upsilon Aquarius , able to adjust their internal clocks or even shut themselves off to avoid consumption of resources and to avoid boredom . Once at the planet they generally stayed purely electronic , interacting in a virtual ship-wide environment called ConSense , though they can elect if resources permit to grow and inhabit partially biological androids . In the case of the _ Tipler _ mission Alander was the only individual to inhabit such a body , though this was done in large part to keep his engram from breaking down , as he was in danger of merging with and losing his distinctiveness within ConSense due to an apparent flaw in his pattern.At first the survey looked routine , as while Adrasteia had life , there was n't much of it ; just simple cyanobacteria analogues surviving in the clouds thanks to the planet 's bizarre climate . Things did not stay that way for long . After some unusual energy discharges near Adrasteia , strange , perhaps alien objects appear in orbit around the planet . Quickly dubbed Spinners by the crew , they within less than a day construct ten orbital towers around the planet 's equator , towering structures that reach from the planet 's surface up into space , connected by a vast ring . Ignoring all hails from the _ Tipler _ , there is only one apparent means of interaction ; what looks to be an elevator of sorts in the base of one of the towers . Against the wishes and at first without the knowledge of Hatzis and the others , Alander steals a shuttle and flies to that tower and takes the lift . Once inside , he finds that the towers were indeed built by an alien intelligence , a race that is vastly superior technologically to the one the engrams came from . Greeting Alander is a highly complex artificial intelligence that they dub the Gifts , for they inform Alander that they are in fact a gift from this race , the Spinners . Refusing to answer any questions about the Spinners themselves - claiming that they do not possess such knowledge - the inform Alander that he has been specially selected to act an emissary to those on the _ Tipler _ , that the Gifts will speak to him and him alone , guiding him to the various treasures in the towers.For purposes of the story the two most significant of the various gifts are faster-than-light communication , and a small faster-than-light ship that the Gifts tell Alander is called a hole ship . Using the communicator , they send a message to Earth . They receive no reply . The _ Tipler _ had lost contact with Earth during the flight to Upsilon Aquarius but felt it was possibly due to any of a number of reasons , including time lag . After some discussion and a near disastrous crisis , Alander decides to pilot the hole ship back to the Sol system -LRB- being the only one that the Gifts will allow to do so -RRB- . What he finds upon his return astounds him . Though he thought he was prepared to have found humanity to have vastly advanced during the hundred years he had been gone , Alander was shocked . Venus and Earth were missing , and there was a vast structure in its place instead , the start of a Dyson sphere . Artificial intelligences , having become self-aware after the _ Tipler _ left , nearly wiped out humanity , with only 3 million still alive , many of those not entirely biological any more . Alander , ignorant of current Sol politics , tries to contact whatever successor exists to UNESSPRO . Instead he comes to the attention of the Vincula , a group mind of sorts that rules the system now , one that attempts to use Caryl Hatzis , the sole surviving engram contributor , to gain control of Alander and gain access to the Gifts.Alander 's arrival touched off a conflict within the system , the Vincula viewing his apparently faster-than-light ship as extremely valuable while the few remaining individualists were not keen to let the Vincula control the technology , the latter trying to oppose the Vincula . Though that seems bad enough at first , a far , far worse conflict occurs . Humanity learns the terrible , awful consequences that result from the use of the Gifts , not one coming from the Spinners , but from some other , darker alien menace.According to the Gifts , `` There are civilizations who take delight in the destruction of others . `` And thus begins a trilogy . Things look extremely bleak at the end , but there is a ray of hope . I found it very well written and highly engaging and look forward to other books in the series .
 This novel begins with a man taking a bath for his first time in about one hundred years , and zips on from there . It is the mid 22nd century and survey ships from earth are arriving at distant stars after very long voyages . The crews consist of engrams which are electronic personalities , copies of real people 's minds , sent out to explore distant reaches of space . One ship , the Frank Tipler , was sent to a planet orbiting the star Upsilon Aquarium , over 72 light years from earth . Nanotech can manufacture bodies so the engrams can inhabit them , to work and explore the planet 's surface , etc. . For the most part the engrams remain aboard ship as cyberspace beings , the real ship only a few meters across , mostly just a computer with few moving parts , cool ! Simulated living quarters and bridge create a liveable environment for them , the engrams can even slow or speed up their perception of time as they see a need for , with their internal clocks , so a flight to the stars taking decades may seem to take only a few days to them . All this is really nothing original , these authors , Sean Williams and Shane Dix , use these concepts cleverly in a well written novel . This is the way we will likely explore the stars someday , take human minds as engrams aboard small compact starships , with a mature nanotechnology able to manifest the humans -LRB- and any supplies needed -RRB- at the destination , using local materials.As with a lot of good science fiction lately , the identity question is given good treatment here
 Wow ! What imagry ! After reading this book I 'm now very picky on others that I read . The pictures , situations , planets , travel ... everything seemed to flow exactly with each other . I 'll tell you this ... do n't stop reading untill the ending . Even after the climax keep reading , it 'll give you insights on the sequal -LRB- in which there HAS to be one -RRB- plus things that will make you think for days.Hey , I liked this book so much I read it four times . I scan the book stand every time for it 's sequal .
 A engram crew of a survey ship runs into an alien race that likes to leave gifts . This gifts take many forms , mostly in the form of information or high-tech wonders . But the aliens do n't stick around , but just dump the gifts and leave.Can they be trusted ? Or are they just paranoid ? Do they have REASON to be paranoid?The gifts , from a faster-than-light ship to a library full of information about the galaxy , all seem too perfect . Was the survey ship just at the right place at the right time , or is there something more happening?This is a hard science fiction adventure , a first contact novel and a dangerous mystery all in one . Can Peter Alander figure out what to do ? Can he help humanity , made up of people who look at him as nothing more then a flawed program , or will he end up failing it?I enjoyed the novel very much and really found the idea that most of the characters are not even living beings , if defined by our standards , to be a nice touch .
 I have been reading Science Fiction for 45 years and this is one of the best hard Science Fiction novels I have ever read . It is also one of the most depressing . I wo n't spoil it for you by telling you why except to say that you may look differently at your computer and at technological research after you finish the book .
 Echoes of Earth is the first novel in a new series . It is the story of the destruction of civilization in the Solar System and the discovery of aliens with greatly superior technology , combining elements of Allen 's Ring of Charon , Vinge 's Marooned in Real Time , Williamson 's Manseed and Pohl 's Heechee series.In 2050 , Earth begins to send out 1000 exploration ships containing engrams , cybernetic personality simulations , rather than actual humans . All the engram crews are based on only 60 personalities . One of these engrams , based on Peter Stanmore Alander , is particularly unstable , but all break down within a few decades.The engram ship Frank Tipler has the mission to Upsilon Aquarius . In 2160 , the ship reaches its target and the engram crew begins their mission to study the solar system . They had lost communications with Earth shortly after they left , but are confident that Earth will contact them later . Alien ships suddenly enter the UA system and build 10 orbital towers -- beanstalks -- and an interconnecting ring in only a few hours as the engrams watch . Peter Alander , who has been permanently assigned an android body to slow down his personality deterioration , enters an alien device at the bottom of one tower and is carried up to orbit . There he encounters the Gifts , 11 artificial intelligences who control the advanced technology provided by the aliens as gifts to the less advanced humans . Among these gifts are devices to communicate and travel faster than light.The Gifts are programmed to obey only one person -- Peter Alander -- among the crew ; the aliens , who the engrams call Spinners , apparently want the Gift recipients to absorb the new technology slowly to reduce cultural shock . However , the other engrams can operate the alien technology after learning the control interface protocols . Since the other engrams are running on the computers within the Frank Tipler and controlling drones remotely , Peter is the only engram that can operate the FTL ship at this time . After secret programming in one of the engrams almost destroys the mission , Peter takes the FTL ship back to Earth to ensure that information on the Spinner technology is not lost.The Solar System has changed drastically since the Frank Tipler left . The artificial intelligences have reached self-awareness and followed their own agenda , destroying the Earth and Venus to build the beginning of a Dyson sphere around the sun . The eruption of AI has almost wiped out the biological intelligences and only about 3 million are left . The surviving humans have incorporated cybernetic technology to form personality gestalts with multiple points of view . All these intelligences are joined to some extent into the Vincula , a sort of group mind , but some resist the conservatism of that body . One of the human gestalts is based on Caryl Hatzis , one of the engram contributors . When Alander arrives in the Solar System , he tries to contact the proper authorities , but finds that only Hatzis has survived . The Vincula tries to take the FTL ship away from him to suppress the technology , but he escapes back to UA with the original Hatzis.This story contains little new in plot or concepts , but the level of detail makes it more immediate . It grabs your attention like a good widescreen movie . Recommended for Williams and Dix fans and anyone who enjoys the interstellar adventures of Roger MacBride Allen , Vernor Vinge , Jack Williamson and Frederik Pohl .
 Many different possible story lines in this one.This book could have been exploded into several novels just to get to the point where the story picks up .1 . How the Earth and civilization changed during the 100 years the scouting team took to reach the star system .2 . How the scouting team developed its social and physical interactions .3 . More details on the gifts of the aliens.Now if you do n't like to dig facts out , this is probably not your book . Many aspects will keep you puzzeled until they are finaly revealed in the story line . I happened to like this but you may not . I would definitely say that there are more books coming out to make this into a trilogy because there are still some major questions left unanswered at the end of the book.And uh , pay no attention the side plot that resembles a famous science fiction movie produced by Stanley Kubrick.Overall , I liked it very much and I especially like the up-to-date , hard science that was put into the story . And yes , the hero-protaganist is a flawed , passive-agressive person . But it 's done well . Buy it ! Especially if you like hard science fiction .
 I 've been reading science fiction for 25 years , and these days it 's rare for me to encounter something that evokes the same wonder and excitement I felt the first time I read Ringworld or the Foundation Trilogy . Echoes of Earth is just such a novel.This book held my attention from cover to cover , starting with the mystery of an alien race that bestows wonderous technological gifts to the first human interstellar explorers , and continuing with the frightening and awe-inspiring discovery by the explorers of just why Earth fell silent 100 years earlier . The conclusion of this book is the most surprising of all , but I will say nothing of that here , save that Williams and Dix take their storyline to an extreme that few authors would dare.One of the most gratifying things about Echoes of Earth is that the authors did n't just crank out a cookie cutter plot - there were plenty of unexpected surprises to keep me on my toes , and to lend a sense of freshness to the story . What 's more , the choice of a damaged engram who is struggling to remain stable as the primary character adds another layer of interest to this novel . -LRB- An engram is a computer simulation of a human mind , based on the memories and personality of an actual person . -RRB- I ca n't really think of anything negative to say about this book . You should be forewarned , however , that when you get to the end you will immediately want to run out and purchase the next book in the series
 I read the first trilogy by Sean Williams and Shane Dix and was quite impressed with it , although it felt a little raw - had a ` new writers ' feel about it -LRB- although I know Sean Williams is quite an accomplished author - so maybe I should say a ` new writing partners ' feel about it -RRB- . Echoes of Earth though , is a solid bit of work in its own right ! Unlike the Evergence trilogy , this book is thought provoking , and uses science to introduce mind-boggling ways fight . There is plenty of action in these books , but its more at the level of incredible cyberwars that we can only imagine in these books , but could -LRB- but hopefully not -RRB- happen in the future . Its an unbelievable vision.The climax is quite shocking and sends your mind reeling as you work out the repercussions . Tragically , Williams and Dix go on to write another chapter/epilogue that it has all the atmosphere of a damn squib fizzling out . They should have just wound everything up at the climax and reworked that final chapter as the opening to the next novel in the series -LRB- I am reassured that having `` Book 1 '' plastered over it means there is more to come in this series ! -RRB- . In my youth , I would get angry and finish the series there , but such wonders as `` Red Dwarf '' have taught me not to diss a series based on the ending of the first book . So I shall hang in there and support the boys from Oz . But , you 'd like to think Williams and Dix had enough experience and exposure between them to have not had such a rubbishy weak link leading into the next book ...
 After surging to bestseller status with the impressive Convergence series , Sean Williams and Shane Dix return with a hard science fiction adventure that spans the stars . Peter Alander is a shadow of his former self in more ways than one , in a future where multiple copies of explorers have ventured out to see the universe , leaving their human bodies far behind on Earth . But , it is on the far edge of the universe that Alander and his shipmates discover something that Earth must hear about immediately . Or must it?Williams and Dix never deliver anything less than heart-pounding action and excitement in there collaborations and ECHOES OF EARTH is no exception . It 's a world we will barely recognise as our own , peopled with creatures that no longer resemble us in anything but the most superficial way . And that 's the most stunning aspect of this new world of Williams and Dix 's creation
 Having thourouhly enjoyed the Evergence series , I was thrilled to see another book by Dix and Williams . This book -LRB- hopefully the first in a series -RRB- is NOT a clone of their previous series . There is a different kind of action here , yet no less gripping in my opinion . I was drawn in within the first chapter and the book continued to fill my head with questions and provoked some interesting thoughts on some age old concepts involving our species . This book had a kind of `` Michael Crichton '' feel to it , a group of scientists trying to unravel a mysterious something . I intentionally am not putting any story details in my review , as that will be for each person to discover on thier own . I will say that just like Evergence , I had trouble putting the book down each night and am anxiously awaiting the next book . Dix and Williams have a knack for creating lush environments in which their interesting characters can interact.Keep em comin guys ! You rock !
 This book is n't the best that I have ever read , or the deepest novel , idea wise -LRB- but it was n't exactly shallow either -RRB- but it kept my interest all the way through and was hard to put down . I read the last 1/3 in one go . Which is saying a lot comming from me because lately I have had a hard time finishing books - I have picked up a lot of novels but lost interest 2/3 of the way through and left them unfinished . But the last 1/3 of this novel was interesting enough to keep me reading - and wanting to read , and even * enjoying * the read.Unfortunately - or not - this book is obviously part of a series -LRB- probably a trilogy -RRB- - as you will figure pretty quickly into the story -LRB- The `` Orphans Series '' as it is refered to in one part of the apendix - and that is the only place where it is acknowledged directly in the book that it * is * part of a series , but if you read it to the end it leaves many threads left hanging and many plot points unresolved -RRB- and you will have to wait for the next book , or books , in the series to find out how it all ends.Still , like the previous `` Evergence Series '' -LRB- by the same authors -RRB- it is interesting and engaging enough to make you * want * to come back for more . And the universe that the novel takes place in is a place that is large enough in scope and wonder that , while you may not want to actually live there , it 's a fun place to visit.Not the greatest book every written , but better than most , anda very good read . I recomend it .
 The theme of this book is the integration and extension of current Geographic Information technology with other information infrastructures . The most important of which are those that support web operations.The promise is the taking of the World Wide Web to its next stage - a mobile web . To some extent , phone companies have seen the first edge of this , with the latest cellphones that incorporate GIS to give the location of the user . But that is just a harbinger.If a server on the web could access and use the locations of those who come to it via the web , then this can enable new types of commerce and interactions . Currently , most web servers know little more than the IP address of the person contacting them . In future , that may be seen as very limited.The book revolves around explaining how this might come about .
 What if one could `` host '' the memories of a famous person , of someone who has qualities that you wish you had , of your deceased beloved . How would you be changed ? How would the long-deceased react to the modern world ? These are some of the questions that the stellar authors in this anthology attempt to explore.A scientist discovers how to extract memories from genetic material . He becomes Dr. Chimera - a blend of himself and his beloved wife . An inventor hosts Leonardo da Vinci and finds there is more to life than inventing . A mother gets more than she bargained for when she melds an explorer with her comatose daughter.A variety of authors from the science fiction , fantasy and mystery genres tackle this premise of experiencing the memories of another and a very satisfying anthology is born .
 1 -RRB- I REALLY LIKE Susan Sizemore 's vamp books . In fact , since someone absconded with my copy of this one , Partners , I am re-purchasing it only 10 weeks after I originally ordered it . I reread her stuff over and over . HOWEVER , I wish she would speak with her publisher about the cover art ! The heroine in this one is basically a librarian ; so WHO is supposed to be on the cover ? While I do n't know what it would do for sales , I 'd personally prefer a picture of a really cute young woman in boring beige clothes sporting fangs ! It would certainly be more accurate . This is my favorite for it 's wit and sense of incongruity . But I do SO HATE THE COVERS !! I guess this one is joining my set of paperbacks with covered front covers ... Someone else discussed this in a May 13 , 2003 review of `` Deceptions '' : ... Do n't be put off by the comic book covers on this series . I mean , who needs 6 knives ? Even vamps only have 2 hands , and you need one to hold the girl/guy . And , if you are going to wear torso body armor , should n't it cover the whole torso ? And said body armor is hard to sneak around American streets in . Most authors have no input into cover art , so I do n't blame Susan Sizemore .2 -RRB- And a non-sequitor `` Thank you '' to AMAZON for reviving the `` gentle academic art '' -LRB- ?? -RRB- of book reports ! I hated doing them in school , but obviously , when no longer forced , thousands of us voluntarily take to our keyboards to share our opinions of the written word ... make lists for ourselves and others ... and generally accomplish what our teachers despaired of us actually ever doing ... Kind of tickles my funny bone ...
 I liked this story more than `` The Hunt , '' for the most part , but some things made me twitch.I was glad that some other supernatural beings were discussed , because it leaves the series open for other creatures to be brought in later . This , in my opinion , is one of the strongest elements in the Southern Vampire series . It 's also one of the drawbacks to Anne Rice 's books . The way her books portray other supernatural creatures is very much like a 1970s primetime series
 Just finished reading it this morning and loved it . Look for to the next book in the series . Great read .
 This is a vampire-lover 's vampire book , make no mistake -- blood is shed , blood is savored , and an arsenal of weapons are put to good use , from stakes and silver daggers to shotguns and a chainsaw . Given the right director , this book would make a FANTASTIC action-adventure film!But more important than the dark and dangerous setting -- Seattle threatened by a demon-led cult -- and more memorable , are the fascinating characters . Char , the young Enforcer , worries about doing justice to her first field assignment . She 's confident in her abilities as researcher and scholar , but now she has to go one step further , and fulfill the duty of every Enforcer , when called to defend vampire society and its Laws , to be judge , jury -- and , if warrented , executioner . Jebel , former convict , current crusader against the forces of evil , runs headlong into a conflict between his straightforward defitions of `` right '' and `` wrong '' and the much more complicated , and messy , reality of the underworld in which Char lives and works.Every one of the supporting characters in the book -- a former vampire Companion , Jebel 's vampire-hunting buddy , an FBI agent , cult members , a lost vampire fledgling -- is a well-rounded , intriguing individual in his or her own right , people you wo n't soon forget.If you enjoy wit and humor and penetrating insight into human nature and our definitions of good and evil , all gleefully intermixed with an exciting horror-mystery adventure , buy this book now ! Buy two , and give one to a friend ! You 'll smile , you 'll worry , you 'll cheer -- and you 'll end up well satisfied by a tale wonderfully told .
 In my review for Susan Sizemore 's previous book , `` The Hunt , '' I said that she introduced too many concepts without enough explanation , and gave us too many characters without taking enough time to develop them all . I am happy to say that these are not mistakes she makes in her second book -- indeed , in almost every way , the second book is a tighter , more focused story -- a delight to devour!A quick note
 Char McCairn is the Enforcer . Her job is to enforce the Laws of the Blood , the rules and regulations all vampires must live by or run the risk of being exterminated . She is approached a nest leader to track down a young renegade vampire . It seems the young vampire has n't quite learned all the rules of survival and has taken off on his own . Should be an easy job for the Enforcer , but there is one little problem . Char has received orders to get rid of Jebel Haven , a vampire hunter . Why is this a problem ? Well , apparently Char has n't had to enforce the laws before now and is n't quite sure how to go about taking out Jebel Haven . So as any smart woman would do , she sets aside the big problem of Jebel and decides to work on the small problem first to get some experience . Practice makes perfect , right?Jebel Haven used to be the scum of the earth . You name it , he did it including spending time in prison . A chance encounter with some vampires bent on destruction changed his life . Now he has teamed up with some friends to rid the world of vampires . Unwillingly , but at the urging of his buddy , he has agreed to help track down the runaway son of a FBI agent . This is quite a turn around for our former criminal , working within the law instead of against it.As fate has an interesting way of intervening , Char and Jebel find out they are looking for the same runaway . The missing teen is now a vampire and someone needs to stop him before he does any more damage . Putting aside differences , -LRB- and unknown to Jebel , Char 's orders to execute him -RRB- the two team up only to become aware they have bigger problems on their hands then they first thought . Something is out there that your worst nightmare does n't compare to . Jebel and Char have to stop it before it gains control of Seattle , both humans and vampires.This is my second book by Susan Sizemore , and so happens her second book in the Laws of Blood series -LRB- never let it be said I read anything in the proper order since I read the third book first -RRB- . It does n't disappoint . While not as hard-hitting or dark as her third book Companions , Partners is just as compelling . I loved the fact that the Enforcer was new to the job and not quite sure how to handle things . Jebel maybe our hero of the book , but let 's face it , he definitely not the stuff heroes are made of . While the story is definitely dark and violent , there are some almost lighthearted moments that keeps the story moving . Being a romantic fan , I loved the relationship between Char and Jebel . For those of you who do n't like the romance angle , rest assure there is plenty of blood and gore to keep your interest .
 `` Partners '' is the second volume in Susan Sizemore 's new series about vampiric Enforcers , the Keepers of the Law as declared by the Strigoi Council . In it we meet Char McCairn , a recently made Enforcer who has been specializing in research rather than munching on her normal prey , bad vampires . Her idyllic life in Portland , Oregon is brought to an end by two events . Helen Bourbon comes to Char to ask her to seek a missing nestling , Daniel , a newborn who was still not in control of his twin thirsts for blood and sex . The other interruption is Istvan , feared head of the Enforcers . He gives Char a special assignment -- kill Jebel Haven , a human vampire hunter who was getting too close to the truth.Jebel , after spending most of his life as a violent thug has had a defining moment in a bar in Arizona when a whole town came under attack by the primitive but deadly vampires of the American West . Now , in combination with fellow survivors Santini and Baker , Haven spends his time keeping the Wild West vampire free . Lately though , he has discovered the existence of urban vampires and is considering a change in focus . Hence Istvan 's concern . Then , unexpectedly FBI profiler Brenda Novak shows up in Haven 's office and blackmails Jebel into hunting for her missing son , Daniel.No surprise , the missing fledgling and the FBI woman 's son are one and the same . He has been captured by a demon and a sorcerer who are using him as part of a ritual the will grant them eternal life , and slaughter most of Seattle as a side effect . Istvan , while breaking up a vampire child abuse ring , had to kill or drive away almost all of Seattle 's vampires , leaving the city open to the sorcerer 's spells , which only Char knows how to combat . Unfortunately , an ancient treaty makes it impossible for her to take on the demon . So Char and Jebel are on a collision course , forced by circumstances to work together in spite of inclination and orders.As you might imagine , the story takes many twists and turns on the way to its final , surprise conclusion . Expect to be intrigued and delighted by a different kind of vampire story . You will find yourself enjoying a strange mix of characters of whom the vampires are often the most reasonable . The books in the series have so far been unrelated , although there is some character cross-over in the nature of ` guest appearances . ' So there is no compelling reason to read the books in any particular order yet . If Sizemore continues her successful efforts this will be a series to remember .
 Partners by Susan Sizemore is the second in the Laws of Blood series . I read and enjoyed the first book in the series , but Partners is a much better book than the first , The Hunt . You do n't have to read the The Hunt to enjoy this book , but it does give a lot of background on the Stigoi community.Partners deals with a young enforcer coming to terms with her new powers and a vampire killer with a criminal past coming to terms with his thoughts on ` monsters ' . The Hunt is suspenseful , violent , sexy and often funny . If you are a fan of the Anita Blake series by Laurell K. Hamilton , I think you 'll LOVE this book . : -RRB-
 Jebel Haven used to be the lowest scum of the earth until the former con found his true calling of killing vampires and other creatures of the night . He and his compatriots make their kills in a cloak of darkness that keeps other mortals ignorant of their deadly tasks . However , the Vampire Council is well aware of his success rate and fears he could turn into a bigger problem for them . The Chief orders the relatively new enforcer Char now a Nighthawk , to terminate Jebel.Before she can hunt her prey , a vampire mother visits Char to tell her that one of her nestlings Danny has vanished . At about the same time , FBI agent Brenda Novak coerces Jebel into helping her find her missing son Danny . Eventually Char and Jebel meet in Seattle and each wants to kill the other at first . However despite their mutual distrust of each other , they join forces to find Danny and battle a cult and its demon to the death.Once again , Susan Sizemore has created a fantastic vampire story that brings fresh life to the Nosferatu legends . The action is intense , but easy to follow , which is a tribute to Ms. Sizemore 's storytelling abilities . However , the heart of this work lies in the protagonists , two partners who find themselves in a very shaky business relationship and alliance . These two natural enemies not only are attracted to one another , but are also struggling against a common opponent . The `` Laws of the Blood '' series is deservedly becoming a cult favorite.Harriet Klausner
 `` Laws of the Blood
 Despite the bizarre cover art , I picked this one up and read it . You ca n't judge a book by its cover apparently . A new vampire has gone missing and a serial killer is operating in Seattle . There seems to be a connection , so Char , a new Enforcer is sent to solve the problem . She is also assigned to kill a vampire hunter by the head Enforcer Istvan . Jebel Haven and his partner were hired by the baby vamp 's mother to find him also , so they are also in Seattle . Char finds that she needs his help to kill the demon and sorcerer who hold the vampire , and who are behind the murders . She is not sure that she will be able to kill him when the job is done , and he ca n't seem to hate her like he hates all the other vampires.This was a pretty entertaining book . The Enforcer concept is interesting and the novel was full of suspense . Good read .
 Partners is the second book in Susan Sizemore 's Laws of the Blood series , and while I enjoyed the first novel , The Hunt , I found Partners to be a much more energetic and entertaining read . There is a lot of life in this novel 's characters , especially the undead ones , and I felt like an active observer of all the action that takes place in these pages . Partners also significantly expands upon the self-styled vampire mythology that Sizemore is crafting in this fresh and unusual series . Not only do we learn more about vampires , we are also introduced to other supernatural creatures lurking within the shadows of human society.Vampires are subject to their own special laws in this universe , and Enforcers are the ubervampires charged with the duty to enforce these laws . Vampires can only feed upon mortal flesh in authorized Hunts , for example . Most importantly , they can do nothing that would alert the human population to their presence . When vampires break the law , Enforcers serve as judge , jury , and executioner . Charlotte McCairn is a relatively new Enforcer ; in the two years since her transformation from vampire to Hunter , she has spent her time doing research rather than face active duty out on the streets . She calls herself Char because that sounds tough , but she has yet to earn the distinction of the name . That changes when Istvan the dhampir , the baddest Enforcer of them all , sends her out to kill Jebel Haven . Haven is a self-styled vampire killer ; even though the vampire-like creatures he has devoted his life to killing are n't actually vampires , the Strigoi Council has decided he poses a future threat to vampirekind and must be eliminated . At the same time , a vampire nest leader comes to Char asking for help - one of her nestlings has disappeared and may be involved in some pretty dark activities -LRB- of the sulfurous variety -RRB- - a definite no-no in vampire circles . Meanwhile , vampire buster Jebel Haven is coerced into taking a job of his own , hunting the very same vampire Char is searching for . The missing young vampire seems to have gotten mixed up with a demon , and Char and Haven eventually work together in an uneasy , complicated , increasingly close partnership to find him . Char plans to kill Jebel after the search is over , of course , but things get a little complicated along the way.Char is a fascinating character , learning the ways of the Enforcer before our -LRB- and Jebel 's -RRB- very eyes . There is plenty of action to keep the reader engaged in the story , and the evolving relationship between Char and Jebel is not only interesting but a lot of fun to watch . After all , vampire killer meets vampire charged with the task of killing said vampire hunter is n't your typical romantic pairing . Sizemore does a wonderful job letting the relationship develop , giving us quite a grounding in her vision of vampirology in the process . At the same time , the question of how these two opposites will react toward one another in the end is never far from the reader 's mind . All of this makes for an engaging and refreshingly different sort of vampire story and helps establish Susan Sizemore as a bonafide modern craftswoman in the art of vampirology .
 Patricia McKillip at her worst is far better than usual fantasy writing , and here she is in fine form . Three-dimensional characters , flowing plot , flowery prose all meld together into a satisfying novel.Gloom and shadow fall over the city of Ombria as its ruling prince lies dying , leaving four people in the palace
 Reading Patricia McKillip is akin to lucid dreaming ; I am aware that the world is not real and is not functioning according to everyday logic , but people and events form oddly beautiful and meaningful patterns . I slow down , reading individual words instead of compressing them into sentences and paragraphs ; McKillip 's language is half the pleasure of her books.The other thing I love about McKillip is how little her books resemble cookie-cutter `` fantasy '' dreck . While her books are all reminiscent of each other , they are all individual . And they are not like anything else I 've read . `` Ombria in Shadow '' is no exception.Ombria is an ancient city ; its past lies buried underground , layers of buildings and previous incarnations of the city shrouded in darkness . Aboveground , the city is troubled . The prince has died , leaving his five-year-old son Kyel Greve under the control of Domina Pearl , a woman who is steadily running Ombria into the ground for her own purposes . She is opposed by the prince 's mistress , Lydea ; his bastard nephew , the artist Ducon Greve ; Mag , the `` waxling '' servant of a mysterious sorceress who lives in the underground city ; and various coalitions of nobles who know nothing of the magical forces also working in Ombria.Magic and legends of a shadow city weave in and out of the political story . I am still not sure how everything connects , particularly since none of the characters completely understands what happens towards the end . I am not terribly convinced by the explanations given to Ducon and Mag , and the last chapter left me thoroughly confused . However , while the story leaves a lot to be desired on the everyday level , the end * feels * right.I just wish it made sense , too .
 Patricia Mckillip 's best prose returns as she renders this tale of an ancient city teetering between present and past in a rich and satisfying read . She draws you in with her wonderfully rendered language and holds you throughout with this story of tavern-keeper 's daughters , ancient sorceresss , bastard princes , amoral tutors and scheming nobles as they via to bring their vision of the city of Ombria from off the pages of history and fairy tale to waking life . Sound like any number of stereotypical fantasy conventions ? Think again . Patricia Mckillip is never anything less than original , even when borrowing the trappings of convential fantasy.While each person is interesting the city itself is another character , one afflicted with duel personalities , and Mckillip renders its odd corners , endless layers and hidden depths much as she would another person . The essential mystery is whether Ombria is two cities , one identity dominant while the other lies dormant . The conflict between the two halves of the city is mirrored in the opposing forces of the two sorceress , Dominia Pearl , regent to a powerless boy-prince -LRB- and a pirate to boot ! -RRB- who is determined to bring the shadow city to life for her gain . Faey , a power so old she has forgetten more than any remember goes her own way in the hidden undercity of Ombria , sending her `` waxling '' Mag into the world to fetch her needs . Only when Mag decides to meddle in the affairs of the Black Pearl and join with those opposing her is Faey moved to act.Mckillip 's tale winds through secret passages in the castle , between the covers of old children 's tales and in the sketches of the bastard painter Ducon as the stuggle for power and possession of the city unfolds . Only through unlocking the mysteries of their own shadowy pasts will Mag and Ducon hope to tip the balance of Ombria to the side of light . The end , when it comes is a bittersweet one , for both the characters and the reader . A thoroughly engrossing tale .
 I would actually give this book 4.5 stars if I could , but since that 's not an option , 4 stars is better . I do agree with some of the other reviews saying that there is something missing from the book . It just ... I want to know more ! And that 's a good thing ! I find myself thinking about this book constantly . It 's very thought-provoking , because you do n't REALLY understand what 's going on sometimes , and I 've had to read parts over because I just flew by readung it the first time . It 's a VERY interesting book . It 's definetly not just any fantasy . When I was reading it , and after I finished , this book feels very much like a dream . It has that dream-quality , where it just kind of floats by , and after you 've woken up , you do n't really remembered what happened.It is a very good book , if you want something a little different , with intresting characters -LRB- for some reason , I particularly liked Ducon . I think it had something to do with the hair ! He was just a cool character , in my opinion -RRB- I think no matter how many times you read this book , you 'll still want more .
 It 's hard not to fall in love with Patricia McKillip 's characters , who try to do right in the face of overwhelming evil . Especially since her characters are embedded like jewels in the cities of Ombria and Shadow Ombria -LRB- think of an ancient Italian city like Ravenna , saturated in sorcery , where every shadow may reflect a distant age , a different ruler -RRB- . Careful reading reveals the intricacies of the plot that twines around the characters of a bastard artist-prince , the former ruler 's mistress , the young prince of Ombria , and his evil regent , Domina Pearl . There is also a young girl named Mag , who is not even sure she is human , and a powerful sorceress named Faey , who lives in the shadows and sends Mag on the oddest errands : `` She -LSB- Mag -RSB- bought a lamb 's heart at the butcher 's . She waited at a familiar doorway for goats ' eyes and candles made of goat fat . At a small shop with dusty windows and an ancient apothecary sign , she picked up powdered bone and extractions from strange , fleshy plants that had been diverted from Domina Pearl 's pirate ships . For the cook , she bought violets . At the brewer 's , she traded silver for quicksilver , and a crock of Faey 's favorite ale . `` Mag ingratiates herself into the plot
 McKillip 's books are always a treat to read but she has really outdone herself with her new book . The style remains her distinctive familiar flavor while further developing her own voice . As she has delved into the language of music , of color and of nature in her other books , here she explores the language of light and shadows . The book also covers deeply sypathetic themes of children growing up and parents letting go . The characters are colorful and diverse and she increases her range of character from a couple of main figures to several fully developed personalities . The ending , while surprisingly poignant , is different from all her other `` ending types '' and displays definite growth and increased comfort in taking risks with the reader 's heart to end the story the way it truly should be . McKillip 's knack for blending several unconnected threads into one magnificent tapestry really makes the book an immensely satisfying read . Overall , the book will be a delight to McKillip veterans as well as those who are drawn to the beauty of the cover to discover the rich rewards of her writing .
 Like all of Patricia McKillip 's books , `` Ombria in Shadow '' is a dreamy , intricate tale , made memorable by her distinctive poetic prose . Symbols , circumstances and meanings can be interpreted on any number of deeper levels , making her books ones to be savoured and re-read . If you are a lover of eloquent poetry and subtle imagery , then let `` Ombria in Shadow '' be the first of McKillip 's range of stories to let you drift away on language that must have been meticulously chosen in order to create a sense of faery and dreaming.The royal prince of Ombria is dead , leaving a child-heir , a grieving mistress and a confused bastard nephew at the mercy of Domina Pearl -LRB- ` The Black Pearl ' -RRB- , the regent of the city , who is seemingly immortal and has her own dark plans for the ruling of the oldest city in the world . Casting the young mistress Lydea onto the streets and poisoning the young prince Kyel into a state of deep depression is just the beginning . The bastard-son Ducon is drawn almost against his will into the designs of the noble conspirators , when all he wishes to do is attempt to fulfil his passion for drawing doorways , windowsills and other openings - searching for something in his pictures that he does n't understand.Meanwhile , the mysterious sorceress Faey dwells in the shadows beneath the city , doing whatever magical task the highest bidder pays her for , along with her magical `` waxling '' Mag . A creature of magic is what Mag has been led to believe she is , but after accidentally swallowing a heart-spell of Faey 's , she begins to feel rather human emotions that bring her tangled into the conspiracy of the crown , with her own part to play ... Perhaps the inclusion of all these characters without a clear protagonist is a slight fault of the novel , but in a way I think that is a technique that McKillip sought to take , in the way of puttin Ombria itself in the title role , with all her characters fitting together like a jig-saw puzzle in order to save it . Certainly out of everything , Ombria is her most fascinating creation . Below the sunny streets lies another Ombria , a shadow Ombria
 Since `` The Book of Atrix Wolfe '' left me a little cold , I was leery of reading another McKillip book . I 'm so glad I picked up this one , though ! I 've seldom enjoyed reading a book this much ... and while it is a light read , the tale stays with you.This story is * almost * a fairy tale , although which one , I ca n't put my finger on . There are elements of Cinderella and The Snow Queen , but nothing definate . `` Ombria In Shadow '' does have all thr makings of a real fairy tale in and of its own right , though -- a beautiful damsel in distress , a handsome half-human hero , a plucky heroine , a shapeshifing sorceress , a shadow city , magic toads , shoes made out of sapphires , enchanted artwork , and an evil witch who , for whatever reason , reminded me of Yubaba in `` Spirited Away . `` I would totally recommend this book to anyone who loves fairy tales and who 's looking for a luxurious weekend read .
 It 's been many years since I found a new fantasy novel that did n't seem just so much more rehashed Tolkien . With the current fantasy resurgence there are more `` good vs. evil / misfit saves the kingdom with the help of faithful sidekick '' type books than ever before . Obviously there is a large fan base for this type of book , but I find it impossible to keep reading about graceful & enigmatic elves/fairies siding with gruff but stouthearted trolls/dwarfs to help a -LRB- half -RRB- human teenager who has been chosen by mysterious wizard , y' know ? I mean , how many times can this story be reworked , anyway?Thank Gandalf , Patricia McKillip has NEVER written that sort of fantasy which is why I decided to pick up `` Ombria in Shadow '' at all . The last 2 books of hers I had read -LRB- `` Song for the Basilisk '' & `` The Book of Atrix Wolf '' -RRB- had n't seemed up to her early standard , so I had lost interest in following her career . `` Ombria in Shadow '' returns to the brilliance Ms. McKillip displayed in `` The Forgotten Beasts of Eld '' ; even some of the characters seem reminiscent , without being duplicates.The plot is unique
 I was excited to try my first McKillip book , and was hooked by the beginning , but this turned into a rather frustrating read.The city-state of Ombria is in decline , made worse when its prince suddenly dies and the sinister , seemingly-immortal Domina Pearl takes over as regent for the five-year-old heir , Kyel . And ... . well , the plot is what frustrated me about this book . The writing has a dreamlike quality , and the story did n't seem to be moving toward the obvious confrontation , and I got impatient and wondered what the point was . Looking back , I think it 's a good book that I just did n't read with the right mindset , but it 's still hard to say much about the plot . But this does n't mean I thought it was a bad book -- it 's the kind of book that would probably be better on a re-read . So the characters , then . Most of the main characters are interesting and sympathetic -- I liked Mag , Ducon and even Kyel -LRB- and that 's saying something because usually I do n't care for very young children in books -RRB- . McKillip makes the interesting choice to emphasize child-caretaker bonds and pulls it off well ; the relationships are sweet . The one main character I did n't think much of was Lydea , the dead prince 's mistress , who turns out to be generic and dull ; fortunately though , we get a more unique heroine in Mag.The writing is good , and McKillip does a great job with the atmosphere . The book has a sort of misty fairytale quality that is n't my preference -LRB- I like realism and precision in my fantasy -RRB- , but it 's so well-done that it 's hard to criticize . And Ombria may not follow logical rules , but it 's a fascinating idea.So , if I were to rate this book purely based on my level of enjoyment while reading it , I 'd have to give 3 stars , but 4 better reflects its actual quality . I plan to pick up another McKillip book one of these days , when I 'm in the right mood , and see if that works out better .
 Having read almost all of McKillip 's books , I have come to expect and enjoy a certain style . She has this minimal , vague , poetic way of writing , which I 've come to love . Some of her novels are more vague than others -LRB- Winter Rose , The Tower at Stony Wood -- I 'm still not really sure what really happened in those -RRB- , and Ombria in Shadow falls into the less vague category , but it 's still full of McKillip 's poetic , lyrical style.Magic is something that character 's in her novel deal with everyday , and while they are matter-of-fact about it , McKillip does n't fail to instill wonder and beauty into that aspect of the story . In fact , magic is the breath and life of her novels , and that coupled with her style is what keeps me reading her work.I really liked the characters of this novel . They were all very distinct , and , as I read more about them , I came to really care about them a lot . The city of Ombria was a character all it 's own . I loved how the city had a twin , a mirror image almost , that was and was n't the city itself . The shadow city and the `` real '' city overlap with each other . Is it a shadow city , the city of past , the city 's underworld or all three ? What are the mysterious transformations that color Ombria 's past and how are they connected to the sorceress of the shadow city?The ending ... well , I have n't quite decided how I feel about it . I did n't mind that it was a quiet ending ; although the previous chapter was somewhat tense , the ending did n't rush to a startling revelation or climax . It answered questions , but raised several as well , allowing the reader to come to their own conclusions . I do n't know if any of her novels will ever replace Alphabet of Thorn or the Cygnet Duology at my favorites , but I definitely loved this one .
 Though I like everything of McKillip 's that I have read so far , Ombria in Shadow is my favourite . The character of Meg and what she is had me from the beginning and never failed to capture me . I also loved the city , above and below . McKillip is an old fashioned fantasy writer , one who does well at evoking that awe and wonder so often missing in modern fantasy . I will devour every book she puts out .
 I really enjoyed this book , but for some reason it 's been really hard to write this review.Ombria in Shadow is not the typical fantasy that I normally read . There is not much action or traditional fantasy elements present here , but McKillip creates a fascinating story with rich characters and an intriguing plot . I found it very hard to put down from beginning to end.This is a novel filled with much political intrigue . There are attempted assassinations , power coups , witches with spells for hire and even pirates -LRB- although more of just the mention of pirates ! -RRB- The pacing of the story is fast and the tensions run pretty high throughout . There is a strong feeling of hope and a fight against the oppressive rule of tyranny . We also see that we actually see of the world with our eyes does not represent the whole . There is a world of shadow beneath Ombria , but not necessarily one of darkness that the word shadow brings to mind.Overall , I would recommend this book to fans of fantasy who would like to expand their horizons beyond the traditional Sword and Sorcery-type tale . It is truly magical and I will be looking into McKillip 's other works in the future .
 Very enchanting indeed :-RRB- . Where did Ms. McKillip get the inspiration ? There are so many items in the story itself I want to have i.e. the fan.I really enjoy the multiplied layer of the thrilling terror , mystery and the subtle love story -LRB- very subtle , you must pay attention into the word described specially towards the end of the book , yet very rewarding -RRB- . Simply saying , this book is a masterpiece .
 I stayed up until three finishing this book . It is a good solid fantasy book with enjoyable , believable characters .
 Check out jsolinas ' review for a better summary of the plot than I can give . I 'll just tell you what I liked and did n't like about _ Ombria in Shadow _ . What I liked
 A young prince who could inherit his kingdom finds an evil great-aunt stands in his way , while a sorceress weaves spells which also will influence the direction of a divided kingdom in this complex and fine fantasy , powered by strong characters and confrontations with good and evil .
 Ombria in Shadow is a great book . Patricia McKillip 's true conquest is one of language . It took me two chapters to really find a groove with the reading , but once I did , the book was n't long enough . I kept wanting the chapters to be longer , I kept wanting to spend more time with the characters . For me , that 's a mark of great writing.For anyone who reads fantasy , here 's a chance for something different . For anyone who pointedly does n't read fantasy , here 's a chance for something different . I would definitely say that this is a reader 's book .
 As always , McKillip 's prose is exquisite , particularly suitable to this fairy tale that also pays homage to many elements of the gothic literary tradition . The characters are fascinating sketches of otherwise tired archetypes
 Patricia McKillip just keeps getting better . Her characters are fascinating and complex , and their surroundings are magically detailed . The setting of this particular novel is at least as important as the characters . McKillip never states anything outright , and this novel is especially shrouded , which lends it a hallucinatory air and makes you believe that Ombria truly is In Shadow . Do n't expect this author to hold your hand , and do n't expect explanations . Do expect a haunting , perfectly written experience that you will want to return to again and again . Peter S. Beagle said , `` There are no better writers than Patricia McKillip '' , and this novel proves yet again that he was right .
 A good chef can make wonderful pastries from ordinary ingredients . That 's how McKillip writes
 A beautifully imagined tale , full of rich , lyrical prose . McKillip 's shadow world is fascinating , a recurrence of her theme of parallel worlds joined by gateways that only those that can `` see '' can access . I loved Mag 's character and thought Ducon had a lot of potential , but felt that they lacked a certain emotional depth . As usual , McKillip ends the tale with more ambiguities -- no simple `` happily ever after '' ending for this author ! Such is life , I suppose , but in your fiction , it is nice sometimes to have closure ... and I had hoped that Mag and Ducon would end up falling in love , so ended a bit disappointed .
 McKillip has a gift for surprise & for putting together very inventive plots . The density of the plot & the overwhelming power of the images within the book are so well-crafted & put together . Highly recommended for those who like fantasy .
 Ombria is the greatest city in the world , but it has fallen on hard times . The Prince of the city lies dying , his son a young child , his mistress despised by the court , and the evil pirate witch Domina Pearl stands ready to become regent -- and to thust Ombria into chaos . The nobles try to unite around Ducon Greve , the Prince 's nephew , but Ducon 's hands are tied by Domina Pearl 's threat to the young prince.Yet Ombria is more than a single city . It 's history lies heavy on it , ghosts prowl the streets , and any alley or ruined shop might open the way into another city -- a city in shadows . Deep within the city 's underworld , a witch child , Mag , follows her witch-mistress 's commands , but tries to understand , to think about what she is doing . Although her mistress supports Domina Pearl , Mag knows that she must be opposed.Author Patricia A. McKillip has created a wonderful city of magic . Her descriptions of Ombria ring with truth . Mag , Ducon , and Domina Pearl stand out as complex and motivated characters and their decisions , and the conflict among them , drives the story forward . Even throw-away characters such as the young prince 's tutor are fascinating in their own right.OMBRIA IN SHADOW is a superior fantasy novel . On a small canvas , McKillip shows how wonderful fantasy can be .
 Better then the previous couple of books , more medical , less creepy stuff . I enjoyed a lot of the interactions , and finding out more things about the characters . A bit irritating with the child 's speak , and them not paying more attention to what the kid could do , but enjoying the other relationships and everyone working together .
 After escaping from Terra , leaving her father 's memory finally and forever behind , Cherijo Torin and his husband Duncan Reeves are heading for the stars to Maggie 's home world . Her Mother 's , who has died but who somehow lives in her soul . The Jorenian starship Sunlace , her house clan Torin and Captain Xonea , will guarantee her and Duncan Reeve 's safety during the journey . There is this one but . Cherijo must keep a promise to her former pilot Dhreen to cure his people from horrible illness.As inBook 2 Beyond Varallan , the curtains for the surrounding include the magnificent starship of Jeron once again . Only this time the Sunlace is outfitted for war . In an accident Cherijo almost kills Dhreen , her husband gets to meet their child Marel kept in secrecy , suspicious psychiatric clan cousin Qonja starts tracking her , and ship 's Senior Healer Squilyp of Omorr is having trouble with his mail-order bride who almost manages to get clan kill on her . Sunlace rescues some ships disabled and floating with both League and Hsktskt survivors while the journey into horrific `` eternity row '' is reached . Cherijo 's mother also finally reveals herself in her home world , but unlike Cherijo expected.Four -LRB- 4 -RRB- stars . Written in 2002 this is the book 5 in the stardoc series that follows life of female Dr Cherijo Torin , the genetic experiment and clone manufactured by his Father . The book recaptures the excitement and restores the fun of the series . The strange planets , touch of religion and worship , ship 's doctor making strides and or bumps with his bad tempered fiancee , the war aspect being replaced by people and their fates are all returning to the grassroots of this series . There are irrating moments with the book
 This series is hands down my favorite space opera series . I love her writing style , and the way she focuses on character to the point where we can really feel as if we know them , as if they are real . Excellent writer ! I also love her books written as Lynn Viehl .
 Dr. Cherijo Grey Veil , now Cherijo Torin , is a new mom , a healer on board the Jorenian ship Sunlace , and is married to a human telepath who was raised by various aliens -LRB- and has the biggest case of emotional repression seen in science fiction -RRB- . I really love this series , and am always anxious when the new book comes out . `` Eternity Row '' delivered what I 'm getting used to out of Viehl
 Cherijo is back to prove that you ca n't go home again . She and Duncan Reever have settled into a caring , but slightly uneasy relationship -LRB- trust is going to be a problem when your husband sold you as a slave to some old pals -RRB- . Their daughter , Marel , makes the connection a bit stronger , as both love her unconditionally.Spring fever has overtaken the ship , as both Sqillip and Alunthri are thinking about parenthood , one with trepidation and one with longing . Dreen and his Navajo girlfriend are also expecting , with unexpected results . They have three planets to visit , Hawk 's father 's home world , Dreen 's planet , and finally , Cherijo 's `` mother '' Maggie 's planet . All three will present danger , confusions , and the unexpected . Xonea , Cherijo 's ClanBrother has some surprises for her , too.This book was much more rewarding than SHOCK BALL , with its convoluted plot and bizarre characters . The Stardoc books are really best when they are out in space , as this one is . Marel was the most delightful character !
 This one has to be the best book in the series . Eternity row finally shows us why Dhreen is the way he is , and why he betrayed Chejiro to her father . I do n't want to give the plot away , but I will say one thing . The author really knows how to knock holes in one 's preconceptions . Eternal life would surely be looked upon by us all as a blessing ... well Viehl shows us the possible reality of such a thing and it is hellish . : -RRB-
 She called him father until the day she learned she was his clone . Dr. Cherijo Torin escaped from him and his experiments on her but the League , of which earth is a member , denied her request for sentient status and instead declared her the property of her creator . Rather than submit to that megalomaniac man , Cherijo escapes and ends up joining the Jorenian alliance.Cherijo is happy aboard the Jorenian spaceship Sunlance accompanied by her beautiful daughter and her telepathic Terran husband . She treats the sick and cares for the injured while evading the bounty hunters out to bring her back to her creator . Cherijo never expects a calm life . On this voyage , she and her shipmates are almost sacrificed to a planet 's deity , she plays matchmaker to a lovesick alien , and learns why the natives of an entire planet are sterile but whose inhabitants can not die . All in a solar moment for Cherijo.The protagonist 's life is fulfilled , but ever changing and action packed ; readers adore and admire Cherijo . ETERNITY ROW is space opera at its very best as the plot contains exotic alien life forms and colorfully fascinatingly strange planets . S.L. Viehl has created a character and a futuristic setting that is second to none in its readability , quality , and social mores.Harriet Klausner
 This is a continuing story , and I very much recommend that you start with the first book , Stardoc , and read the sequels in order
 Eternity Row -LRB- 2002 -RRB- is the fifth SF novel in the StarDoc series , followingShockball . The initial volume in this series isStarDoc.In the previous volume , Cherijo discovered that the shock ball had been tampered with to give fatal electric shocks . She got the ball from Duncan and took the shocks onto herself . She had a vision of Maggie while going into convulsions.In this novel , Cherijo Grey Veil is a modified clone of Joseph Grey Veil . She is a physician and surgeon . She had been a healer among the Navajos.Duncan Reever is a telepath and a very talented linguist . He can learn a language almost as fast as it is being spoken via a link to the mind of the speaker . He escaped from the Navajos with Cherijo.Marel is the daughter of Cherijo and Duncan . She ca n't be locked into any area and seems to appear out of nowhere.Squilyp is an Omorr , a four limbed alien who hops on one limb and uses the other three as arms . He is Senior Healer on the Sunlace.Xonea Torin is a Jorenian and the captain of the Sunlace . He is a ClanBrother of Cherijo.Qonja Torin is a Jorenian psychiatric resident . He is a newcomer on the Sunlace.Dreen is an Oenrallian pilot . He had been spying for Joseph , but changed sides after the death of Cherijo 's father . Now he is going home with the Sunlace.Ilona Red Faun is a Navajo girl . She had a relationship with Cherijo 's brother Jericho , but latched onto Dreen after the death of Rico.Hawk Long Knife is a winged being from Taerca . He had been the shaman for the Navajo tribe . Now he is heading back to his home planet to meet his father.In this story , Cherijo is getting ready to operate on a double hernia in a Jorenian crewman . But something is bothering her . She notices that the table linens under the operating table are moving.After Cherijo removes Marel from under the table , she gets Sqyilyp to find Duncan to take Marel home and keep her out of the operating room . Then she goes back to the surgery.The next morning , she attends a meeting with the Sunlace senior staff . She learns that the ship has been equipped with more powerful weapons to fight the Terrans and mercenaries trying to capture her . She also finds herself assigned to review new personnel procedures in case of an attack.Then she has a fit when she learns that such procedures even apply to the children . Cherijo definitely does n't like putting the children at risk . She is told that the procedures are designed to protect them from harm , but she still is not happy.Xonea insists on demonstrating the adult procedures to Cherijo . She finds herself falling down often during combat training . She also does n't like guns and edged weapons , but she finds a telescoping rod that can be used like a quarter staff.Cherijo is having troubles with Qonja . He seems to be following her . She complains about it to Squilyp . The Senior Healer suspends the resident from medical duties , but then the Jorenian Ruling Council reinstates him.Dhreen has not appeared at staff meetings for a while , so Cherijo searches for the Oenrallian . She finds him in the maintenance bay working on a shuttle . An accident occurs and he is severely injured.Cherijo is examining his injuries when Ilona accuses her of killing him . She attacks Cherijo , but is shaken off and grabbed by crewmen . But Cherijo is charged with deliberately injuring Dhreen and locked in the brig.After Cherijo proves her innocence , the Sunlace reaches Taerca . Two shuttles take Cherijo , Reever , Hawk and others down to the planet . Hawk finds his father , but the away party runs into problems with the Taercals.This tale also takes the Sunlace to Oenrall , Dhreen 's home planet . Then they go to Jxinok , the homeworld of Cherijo 's surrogate mother . More problems occur on these worlds.The Sunlace overcomes all difficulties , but not without casualties . The next installment in this series isRebel Ice.Recommended for Viehl fans and for anyone else who enjoys tales of alien cultures , medical practice , and contentious romance . Read and enjoy ! - Arthur W. Jordin
 I have been an S.L. Viehl fan for many years . This has been a fascinating series to follow through the many books .
 Stardoc series is excellent and I recommend you read them all , in order if you can . Great characters , great imagination and adventures .
 Balfour has composed another intelligent and intriguing work of science fiction . His complex heroes , Tao and Kate , return with a host of creative new characters . The novel calls to mind the grandeur of the great science fiction authors without being derivative . This book is a true page turner ; once picked up it can not be put down . I would recommend it both to long term science fiction fans , who will find it a breath of fresh air from the cliches of the genre , and to new readers , who will find it a fascinating introduction .
 To getting 5 stars from this sci-fi fan reviewer.Ancient artifacts have been excavated by a Russian team of cosmonauts on the red planet while simultaneously Tau Wolfsinger is laboring in the Nasa Ames Research Center on new VR technology , and wading through the bureaucratic red tape and political infighting to find funding/support for his research . His fiancee an archeologist goes to further investigate Mars on the eve of his proposal , but he soon finds himself reunited with her planetside.Balfour 's science fiction offering is a brilliant balance of plot and characterization . He seemingly effortlessly weaves plots and sub-plots tightly together , without sacrificing other aspects -LRB- again i.e. characterization -RRB- to his crisp exciting story . In fact I have mentioned characterization twice because his main hero bears a striking similiarity to Bova 's protaganist in his Mars epic . Either this reflection in having strong Native American male character 's in two Mars novels is a coincidence , or Balfour is paying a nice tribute to Bova . The similarities pretty much stop there though as Balfour 's novel is as original as another title on the red planet could be , interspersed with delightful scenes of intrique and human drama . This is a title I just recently finished , but am almost already craving re-reading .
 Fun book ! Balfour does a great job of explaining the issues surrounding nanotechnology and the autonomous artificial intelligence debate . His creation of a detailed not-too-distant future world is among the most plausible and intricately imagined that I 've read . Filled with a must-have multitude of futuristic gizmos , gadgets , and gleaming skyscrapers , technobuffs will be in heaven imagining the possibilities that lie just a few years down the mag-lev tracks.The characters are mostly well written , but the AI characterizations turned out to be the most entertaining and imaginative . A suped-up ` tamaguchi ' named Aristotle that 's smarter than we are , an ancient computer that 's going insane , it 's mortal enemy , and battle droids that live for thousands of years round out the AI character complement in this story and I could n't get enough . I really wanted to see more focus on them and less whining about the NASA beauracracy though.The depiction of NASA department heads as little more than physically insecure , power-hungry idiots that can only shuffle paper and steal their subordinates ' ideas MIGHT be completely accurate . However , it 's way overplayed in the book and did n't add anything to the story.Large portions of the book resemble action/adventure . Secret underground Russian bases , assassinations directed from Capitol Hill , the evil corporation pulling strings in the background . Take out the sliding sidewalks and the trip to Mars and you 'd get the makings of a political thriller . Mr. Balfour successfully blends the two genre 's together and creates a great story that I 've recommended to friends , family , and now YOU.Check it out !
 In this circa mid 21st century tale by this relatively unknown author , a group on Mars discovers remnants of an alien culture that colonized Mars in the distant past . Unbeknownst to them , another group on Earth for decades had other pieces of the alien technology , kept in secret . One of the groups wants to use the technology to gain international power and they will stop at nothing to unlock the secrets of the alien technology . Nanotechnologist Tau Wolfsinger , of American Indian descent , and his girlfriend and others , are caught up in this power struggle , and there are unforeseen consequences as a result of messing around with the alien artifacts . No more about it , no spoilers!This story was well written except for a couple of things , one was the battle tanks on Mars in the mid 21st century . Give me a break , sending even lightweight tanks to Mars in the year 2050 would be prohibitively expensive . Otherwise , no major criticisms , and this novel was written in an easy to read style and should keep your interest . Character development was superb , well worth reading , and you will even learn a little about American Indian philosophy and rituals .
 BALFOUR CREATES A SCENERIO THAT TAKES US FROM EARTH TO MARS IN A REALISTIC STORY BASED ON DEMONSTRATED NASA ACCOMPLISHMENTS . HE SUBTLY POKES FUN AT THE MILITARY ESTABLISHMENTS OF THE US AND RUSSIA AND THEIR EGOTISTICAL POLITICIANS AND MILITARY BRASS . THE BOOK IS EASY READING AND IS HARD TO PUT DOWN .
 A near-future speculative fiction novel with a fast pace , well-drawn characters , realistic science , shadow governments , conspiracy , and a sense of wonder . If you mixed Ray Bradbury with Kim Stanley Robinson , shook them together with a dash of Robert Ludlum and a twist of Tony Hillerman , you 'd have a novel in the style of The Forge of Mars . I particularly enjoyed the character of Kate McCloud and her inner journey that reflected the trials and tribulations of her outer journey as she moved from a sedate existence in San Francisco to an amazing discovery on Mars . I also enjoyed the detailed Russian background of General Zhukov . This kind of character development is sadly lacking in much of the speculative fiction I 've read over the last few years , so it 's refreshing to see a skilled new author who takes as much time with the characters as he does with the plot . I got my hands on an advance copy , but I 'm buying more for my friends .
 I just stayed up till dawn to finish THE FORGE OF MARS , and I am still reeling from this magnificent book . I loved the contrast of Navajo culture with the high-tech of artificial intelligence and nanotechnology , and I did n't want the story to end.In this book , Balfour creates a fully-realized world fifty years from now , with dark conspiracies behind the scenes and characters striving to come to grips with the modern world and forces beyond their control . The writing is extraordinary , compelling , and generates a sense of wonder . The stories of Tau , Kate , and Zhukov are exciting , disturbing , and enthralling.Balfour carefully lays out several different strands of story and then braids them together with unerring skill -- the kind of plotting that trips up a lot of writers but looks easy when done by a master . On the surface , it is a gripping adventure story ; but it is much more than that , for Balfour regularly brings us face-to-face with the moral dimensions of his characters . We care about their world , their struggles , and Tau 's efforts to unravel the great mysteries.I want more . Right now .
 I just finished reading `` The Forge of Mars '' by Bruce Balfour in about three sittings . I could n't put it down . The story takes place in the near future . Two scientists , Tau and Kate , get caught up in political intrigue involving discoveries on Mars and their implications.Normally I do n't care much for hard science fiction because sometimes the plot is just an excuse to describe scientific principles that go right over my head , but in this case the plot is super interesting , the characters are complex , and the science makes complete sense . The bad guy is fascinating -LRB- I 'd love to see more of HIM -RRB- , and the women are capable and strong without being masculine . Balfour is a great writer and I 'm sure we 'll hear more from him .
 On the surface , Bruce Balfour 's new novel , The Forge of Mars , is a science fiction thriller with enough realistic science in it that you come away with the feeling that you 've learned something . A Navajo NASA scientist is given the opportunity to pursue his groundbreaking research on Mars , unaware that shadowy government forces with their own agenda have manipulated him into a confrontation with a powerful alien intelligence . However , if you look for deeper meaning , you realize that Balfour 's novel is about the human mind , human weaknesses , and how our personal interpretations of reality can alter the world in which we live . Balfour mixes a literary effort with the excitement of a mass-market genre . His style is simple , but poetic , vividly painting both the stark realities of the Martian landscape and the turbulent mental landscapes of the main characters -- ranging from a Navajo scientist fighting the shadows to a Russian general fighting for a lost ideology . I was sorry to see this story end , and I hope to see more from this author in the near future .
 Bruce Balfour 's The Forge of Mars is certainly an interesting , singular science fiction novel , but it seems to lack a certain oomph . The rousing adventure I was promised was not quite as rousing as I had expected -LRB- especially over the course of the first 200 pages -RRB- , and the novel seems to me to lack just a little bit of cohesion . While Balfour 's characterization of his protagonist is quite strong , I never came to adequately understand several of the secondary characters and their actions to my own satisfaction . Still , the novel represents science fiction well worth reading.Tau Wolfsinger is a brilliant NASA technician struggling to get his ideas taken seriously in the halls of bureaucracy . A man of Navajo descent , he has a way of looking at science and the world that does not fit the corporate mold of over-specialization , and like many an eccentric genius he does not have any desire to play the game that leads to rapid promotion within an organization . Wolfsinger 's interest is in artificial intelligence . His pet proposal would have him designing an artificial intelligence capable of procreating itself , learning and advancing on its own through a form of coevolution as weak links in the nanotechnology development are weeded out , and eventually -LRB- albeit quickly -RRB- out-performing and out-analyzing human beings . Grant my proposal , he says , and I will create an AI that will begin with nanotechnology and build an entire human colony all by itself . No one at NASA wants to go along with his `` dangerous '' ideas , though.Enter the Davros Group and secret discoveries on Mars . The remains of an alien civilization have been discovered , among which is a portal that the Russian scientists in control of the base have been unable to figure out . Through a somewhat clumsy set of circumstances , Wolfsinger is suddenly given the money to pursue his dream but is coerced into doing his work on Mars . Here both he and his girlfriend become pawns of powerful factions who are never really fleshed out sufficiently for my liking . The work on the alien Martial portal is being conducted -LRB- and kept secret -RRB- by the Russian military , but alien intelligences on Mars contend with the Russians over control of Wolfsinger 's contributions to pivotal events bearing possibly significant repercussions back on Earth.The science of this novel is detailed and impressive , as Balfour delights in theorizing on the practical uses of nanotechnology in the future . The weak link in the story , though , involves the political shenanigans working behind the scenes . The mysterious Davros Group is barely explained at all , making its cooperation with a Russian military officer hoping to restore Russia as a superpower seems rather tenuous . Even the actions of Wolfsinger 's girlfriend oftentimes made little sense to me , although Wolfsinger himself is an impressively well-developed character . I was also a little surprised to learn that the alien artifact discovered at the very beginning is basically ignored throughout the first half of the novel . The Forge of Mars is a well-written science fiction novel , but it seems to pose a number of provocative questions that it fails to follow up on outside the main focus of the plot , and that fact served to limit the extent of my personal involvement with the story as a whole .
 Tau Wolfsinger is a brilliant , cutting edge scientist who works on Artificial Intelligence for NASA . He is unhappy because he ca n't get funding because he 's too independent a thinker and the powers that be believe that Tau 's ideas that an A.I. can build a city is to dangerous to explore . His personal life is going down the tubes as well with his fiancee Kate heading to Mars for a long time.Evidence of an ancient civilization has been discovered on the red planet and Kate is one of the archeologists going to excavate the site . Neither Tau nor Kate know they are being manipulated by a shadow government known as the Davos group who want to find out how these ancient artifacts can be used to further their goals . They believe Tau is the best person to figure out what these artifacts and portals are all about so they give the scientist the funding he needs providing he does the testing on Mars.Bruce Balfour does an excellent job of explaining the concepts of artificial intelligence , virtual reality and nanotechnology in layman 's turns . His protagonist is a mild-mannered person who can play hardball when the situation warrants it . THE FORGE OF MARS is an action packed science fiction thriller that is a one sitting read.Harriet Klausner
 I wrote my first comment almost 2 months ago : `` I know the book is great , but I am still waiting for the shipping . It is taking forever '' . Now , two months later , I am still waiting , and amazon says It may take even to the end of November -LRB- 2 other months -RRB- !!! I just dont trust in amazon anymore to buy books . What I think is the price is higher now and they do not want to send it .
 I love the title of this book , a collection of Jacqueline Mitchard 's newspaper columns , which are published every Sunday in the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel.She has had quite a life
 I 've never read Jacquelyn Mitchard 's columns in newspapers , what I did read was her brilliant first novel `` The Deep End of the Ocean '' . Then I opened this book , read `` Better Scared Than Scarred '' & I could n't put it down . Jacqelyn Mitchard is a kindred spirit , someone with an ineffably wry , dry , poignant sense of humor . Who sees an outrage & decides to humor it ; who has life catch at her throat & writes like her life depended on it , which it does . A must read for anyone who thinks their own life is drab ! For my full review please go to
 I found `` The Rest of Us '' interesting and very easy to get through ; even though this book is in fact a compilation of her Sunday columns -LRB- for which this book is named -RRB- rather than a novel , reading it was not a laborious essay-after-essay task . Mitchard 's essays often hold quite a bit of truth , humor , and wisdom in them , as well as emotional power . She also did manage to convince me that she 's just an ordinary woman like `` the rest of us '' despite the fact that she , extraordinarly , was a widow and active journalist -- with five children , no less ! -- when she wrote many of these pieces . The only problem I encountered while reading was that her sentences sometimes seemed a bit convoluted and difficult to follow ; her overall points were usually clear , however . I plan to buy this book for my mom , as I have found that Mitchard is , above all , a mother -- her maternal side shines through in many of her pieces and could prove to be helpful for any mother .
 I am reading `` The Rest of Us '' now and can relate to so many of Ms. Mitchard 's essays . She has a gift for immortalizing the precious little moments of motherhood that we tend to forget in the busyiness of our daily lives . She is the `` Every Mother '' of the ' 90 's and I wish our newspaper carried her column . Some days I could really use her clear vision and wry humor .
 this is a wonderful book ... a compilation of all of Jacqueline Mitchard 's columns ... it is a book that you can return to many times .
 Both of Miller 's books are life changing . One is QBQ ! and the other is Flipping the Switch . Very practical content that anyone can use . He teaches how to stop the blaming and victim thinking . As I read it , it stopped me in my tracks
 So many books miss the point when it comes to accountability/responsibility . But author/speaker John G. Miller QBQ ! in QBQ ! it with a practical `` how to '' method to live it each day . Rarely do you find a book so small with such a `` hands on '' approach . It is specific in every way because :1 . QBQ ! tells us WHY personal accountability is important and WHAT it is .2 . QBQ ! teaches us what accountability is NOT . This is critical because without this , we do n't really `` get it . `` 3 . QBQ ! shows us HOW to do it by eliminating bad questions we ask and how to ask excellent questions of ourselves . The three step technique taught is effective and easy to apply . A gem of a tool .4 . QBQ ! changes one 's thinking instantly so you view problems , frustrations and your daily work differently right away ... . and in a better light .5 . QBQ ! helps us realize that accountability is about ME and not others6 . QBQ ! provides excellent stories about people who practice personal accountability and it is these stories that live with me long after I 've read the book.And just like the author recommends , QBQ ! is to be read over and over so it becomes part of our daily walk . I keep my copy right on my desk as THE resource to help me stop blaming , whining , and procrastinating and begin each day with an accountable mindset.I also give 5 Stars to Miller 's new book `` Flipping the Switch ... Unleashing the Power of Personal Accountability . '' An absolutely terrific companion piece to QBQ ! More wonderful stories and additional practical content.We had Mr. Miller -LRB- QBQ.com -RRB- in to keynote our conference and he is a fantastic speaker ... so that is another way to bring QBQ ! and the message of accountability into an organization .
 QBQ ! is the most practical book out there on accountability and the only one on PERSONAL accountability . Others are fine , but none have the pinpoint accuracy and incisive content of QBQ ! The 3 step QBQ ! method of asking better questions is user-friendly and practical . I enjoyed it due to the stories and the realism of the message . And with the pace of life today , a one hour read is far more effective for me - and I suspect most all others - than a thicker book full of theory . Our firm bought three thousand copies of QBQ ! and had John Miller into keynote . His content is becoming a way of life for us . Five stars for QBQ !
 A couple of months ago I ordered 24 QBQ!s for our bank . Our managers have sooooo enjoyed this book and have taken it back to their teams and are sharing it with them . The feedback I am receiving is incredible . I can tell you it made a huge difference for me and I passed my copy along to my husband who agrees . We have a daughter with special needs and it helped us to realize we can make a difference in her development if we will just ask The Question Behind the Question when it comes to working with her , the teachers , and her school . This book is making a difference in our home life and at the bank and we HAVE to keep the momentum going !! It 's all about personal accoutnability and ownership and QBQ ! does that !
 QBQ is easy to read and the most powerful book I have ever seen on Personal Accountability . I believe it should be assigned reading in all schools because I feel we live in an excuse filled society . By that I mean it is okay not to perform as long as you have a good excuse or someone or something to blame . QBQ hits you right between the eyes with techniques anyone can use to be more accountable . If I could , I would rate it a 10 !
 This is one great book . The author came and spke for us and I looked into the mirror and realized I do too much blaming and complaining . We are going to train all our people on QBQ ! Personal accountability is perfect for us now with all the change we are going though . As a manufacturing facility , finger pointing has been the way of doing things , not anymore . QBQ ! is a great tool for teams and individuals .
 I am in the real estate/investment business and when I read QBQ ! it changed completely for the better the way I think . I had been blaming my tenants/customers , property mgrs , the marketing dep ` t , etc. for my results and when I read QBQ ! I sat down that night and asked `` How can I be more effective ? '' and then set about writing out a new plan for my approach to my business . Since then things have improved greatly . The chapter on how I can only change myself has made me a better manager of my people , by far . The book took me an hour to read and then I went back through and re-read and highlighted . I take it wherever I go as it is such a practical message on personal accountability I can use it in all areas of my life . QBQ ! deserves 5 stars ... maybe 6 . I 've read a ton of business books and QBQ ! has made the difference for me .
 I must say that based on my experience with QBQ ! the book and the QBQ ! training program , it is truly a great way of creating personal accountability and building solid and lasting relationships . I have seen using it for almost a year now and it has increased my efficiency and productivity , while allowing me to develop stronger relationships by being a part of the solution vs. an added cause of the problem . I would like to thank Mr. Miller for taking the time to write this book and create the training system . Seeing it in practice reinfoces the practicality of QBQ ! and the truth of its philosophy .
 Since the book is 115 pages , double spaced , with lots of white space , it 's not a very daunting read.I especially like some of the quick wit such as recounting on page 63 , one CEO `` projected this message on a huge screen behind him
 Okay , I got this book from a friend at work . Started reading it and immediately thought of how badly everyone around me needed to read it . But then it got me . Instead of thinking about how ` bad ' everyone else is , I need to be working on me ! Embarassed to even acknowledge that something as basic as that was an ` ah-ha ! ' for me , but it was . That 's the power of this excellent book . It 'll totally turn your thinking around and put it where it should be . Highly recommended !
 QBQ ! is the right message for all to hear , right now . With so much finger pointing going on in our lives you would think that not being personally responsible and accountable is acceptable behavior . Unfortunately our children , co-workers , and friends see the leaders of our nation whether they be public servants or Fortune 500 executives setting a poor but all to common example of blame.QBQ ! teaches us it is time to get our act together and step to the front of the line and change our behavior , now and forever . It 's such a powerful book that all five of our grown children now have a copy . This is a quick read one can not put down . And it 's the real thing because it works . It is simply the best work on accountability on the market .
 I found John 's book online when searching the term `` execution '' on Google . I was asked to read `` Execution '' the book to prepare for a presentation at work . As much as I tried , I just could not get through the book , even though I thoroughly agreed with the message . I decided to look for another book that offered a similar message . I read QBQ ! twice in one evening ! Not only did it help me create a fantastic presentation , if I must say so myself , it inspired me to contact John and ask him to present to my company . My group was `` wow-ed '' ! The message is simple , yet people are so busy and challenged on the job and in their personal lives that pointing fingers and making excuses is easier than accepting the accountability of a situation . This book makes you think .
 QBQ ! touched me on many levels . It is all about how to really practice personal accountability and responsibility . It is easy to understand , entertaining , and very actionable . I read it in one evening - a quick read and effective . The author teaches how to ask excellent questions - QBQs - that help us be better leaders at work -LRB- regardless of title or position -RRB- and at home . The stories are fun and relevant . It 's worth getting for others .
 Short , easy to read , book that brings into focus the need to take responsibility for the world around you . I have shared it with many in my company and they find it equally helpful in addressing the crutch of complaining .
 My husband and I own our business and we got so much from this little book that we made it one of our requirements to be made a full time employee for our company . We started classes at our small maufacturing company to help our employees not only become better employees but better people also . This little book was a great read for this .
 I bought this book based on a friends recommendation . I read it the first time in two sittings , and again three days later . It is an easy read , but full of one-liners that hit the nail on the head.I highly recommend this book to anyone .
 Mr. Miller uncovers the reasons for corporate , organizational , and personal success -LRB- and failure -RRB- ! This is a great work and illustrates the numerous applications of personal accountability .
 Every day we are faced with hundreds of choices . Many of them are so routine and seemingly insignificant that we do n't think twice about them . Ultimately , where we are and where we end up in our life is the result of each and every one of those choices . If you are n't happy with where you are right now , start looking at the choices you make . Want to start making better choices for your life ? Start asking better questions.For years in my life , without realizing it , I had been asking questions that wrongly deflected responsibility from me to my family , friends and associates . Not only was that punishing them , it kept me from growing and becoming the husband , father and friend I wanted to be . QBQ helped me to `` reframe '' different situations and start asking questions that would yield positive solutions rather than dwell on problems.With a healthy dose of humor , Miller shows us in thirty nine bite-size chapters how to accept responsibility for our own choices , actions and attitude . QBQ will show you how to approach your daily life situations with better questions . Better questions will yield better answers . Better answers will yield better long-term results.Larry Hehn , Author of Get the Prize
 I have been a QBQ fan for two years now . The book is direct and to the point with practical information you can begin using in day to day life . I would recommend the book highly , and it is now a core value in our organization . My people tell me it is the best training we have done in years !
 John Miller 's book is easy to read - an hour or two , tops - but life-changing in scope . The secrets of personal success really are as simple as changing the mechanics of what you ask yourself , and how you respond.I can speak from experience on this , having made a career of helping many organizations dramatically change their service quality . I do n't change their `` attitude '' - we just look at , and change , the mechanics of what they say and think , and suddenly the lights turn on for everyone . In the same way , looking for the QBQ -LRB- question behind the question -RRB- flips the magic switch that makes you a leader every time.The real secret is that QBQ ! works at a global level as well as a personal level . Miller shares many stories of how people become leaders by being accountable and asking what they can do - but when you look critically at who are the service or profitability leaders in any business , you 'll often find entire organizations who succeed by creating an environment where * everyone * feels that success starts with them . QBQ ! is a manual for how to join them - read it , give it to everyone on your team , and start changing your life ! - Rich Gallagher , author of The Soul of an Organization and Great Customer Connections
 I read this book because at my last job 3 of the employees I worked with said `` that 's not my job '' . When I took on more responsibilities , I was given a job description and told not to veer from it !! This book made me feel better about myself and my work ethic . Thank you John Miller for giving me back my take charge attitude at work !
 QBQ ! is a fun book and page after page gives practical advice and guidance for living accountably . Most books are 40 % worthwhile and 60 % waste . QBQ ! is 110 % great stuff . I 'd recommend it to anyone who wants to grow in every area of life .
 This book is the real deal . No motivational mental candy or metaphors about mice who ca n't find their cheese . It is practical and light - a quick read , too . About an hour . With meat in it . If getting rid of blame , complaining , and procrastination is important for you and your organization , buy it now . At our hospital , we 're using it to get rid of lousy questions like ` Why do we have to go through all this change ? ' and ` When is that department going to do its job right ? ' We 're all working very hard to stop the finger pointing and whining and simply ask ` What can I do to solve the problem ? ' Great book !
 The book is great for learning personal responsibility . If Employers would read this book and make their employees read it , their company 's would become a lot more profitable . Dave Ramsey requires his employees to read this , and it 's helped his company tremendously .
 This book is now being distributed to all of our employees in hopes they will all become personally accountable ! It will also be required reading for new hires . The way it is simply written and to the point , makes it easier to get people to read it . I persoanlly have tried to incorporate it into my life and I believe our whole staff will and if we all do - everyone will be a successfull . Very good book .
 This book was a part of our curriculum in a leadership class I 'm taking . And I am so glad it was . The author of the book came to speak to our class . I was challenged and inspired . I 've wasted years worrying about when other people are going to get their act together . I 've realized that now , if I focus on taking responsibility for my actions and asking the Question Behind the Question and finding out what I can do to make the situation better . I will not only feel better myself but I 'll directly affect the spirits of those around me . I listened to the audio book and took notes , and am now wanting to purchase a hard copy so I can break out the highlighter . There are so many great thinking and talking points in this book . I 've already been recommending it to others around me and I hope this book does for you what it 's done for me . It 's a very quick read and you 'll be glad you took the hour to invest in yourself .
 I picked up this book because a very successful company I work for uses it for their management staff . I think this book is a good start and would be most helpful when shared and discussed with a group.The best part is that it 's a quick read and I finished it in an evening . It 's the kind of thing you pick up again every so often to really get the very simple ideas to sink in .
 I am a career military man and have learned that the most efficient way to lead is by using the concepts that I just read about in QBQ . I have seen unsuccessful military leaders only make it due to the contributions of their subordinates . Over the years though I have watched a decline in the abilities of the military to function in this realm . Remember the servicemembers are merely a representation of today 's society . I am retiring from the military and going off into the world of secondary education as a teacher and look forward to applying these in my lessons to today 's youth . I also strongly believe that the state of today 's economy is s product of the blame game being played by the government , realtors , banking industry , auto industry , workers ' unions , etc. . This should be required reading for all of those and the American consumer . I found this book a good , quick read with many great concepts that anyone from the age of 10 on up can understand and apply in their everyday lives . Good job on a well written book . I wish you would lower the price so that I can personally buy multiple copies for the senior students that I will be teaching .
 We were facing some pretty tough challenges in our small company regarding employee moral . We passed this book out to our staff members and got together 2 weeks later to discuss.We saw immediate results ! Our staff now takes ownership , complains less , and contributes more than I ever expected!This book is a must have for any business owner and their staff - you wo n't be dissapointed !
 Really loved this book , bought it for myself , and realized its perfect as a reference for the work place ! Every company would work smoother after listening and applying the princples found in this book .
 I think every business owner should require their staff to read this book . `` what happened to personal accountability '' , this is the main theme of this book . Amen !!!!! Our generations view things so differently , however I think we can all agree on the information presented in this book . This is another required read for all of my new staff .
 John Miller 's QBQ is a must read ! This book is a practical book and the principles can be used in every area of your life . I would recommend that this book be a must read for every new and old employee , every church member and every member of a family.Personal accountability went out the window and was subsituted with `` it 's not my job '' . This book causes the reader to become aware of the part that they play in the scheme of things and taking personal responsibility for that part.It also challenged us to go the extra mile which is not the theme of the world today . My hat is off to Mr. Miller for shining a light on the lack of personal accountability . The thought for everyone should be `` If I 'm not part of the solution then I 'm part of the problem . ''
 Excellent ideas behind this book . The chapters are short and could be expanded upon . VERY fast read . I would include this book on my must read list .
 I believed this even before I read the first book , but John does a masterful job of giving great tools , techniques and stories to emphasize how we can change our today and tomorrow by takng on personal accountability . Too many rely on a world of something for nothing . This book is insightful and a great read .
 Easy to read , excellent content to put in practice . I would recommend this to anyone that wants to improve themselves and put procpective in others .
 This book should be read by every high school senior and then again in collage , at some point everyone should read this book . This book -LRB- If Practiced -RRB- helps eliminate the negative attitudes that plagues the workplace .
 This is one of the best books you will find . Easy to read and really gets the point across that to often we are focus on the wrong thing .
 This book was a great read . I would recommend it to anyone who is management . Makes you stop and think
 This is like most corporate books - a very quick read . Even at 140 pages you definitely can read it over your lunch hour.The concept is pretty simple and I have to admit had I read this prior to leaving my last role I might still be there ... glad this book waited until I was here . My biggest take away was that you can not change those others so ask the questions that will help you to determine what you can do to help yourself .
 If you 're looking for an easy , motivating book to get you more interested in your work and the details of everyday life , this is a great buy .
 I have purchased this book twice because I misplaced my first copy and I love it so much . I continue to go back and read sections .
 Product shipped quickly and arrived just in time . The chapters are short and engaging . It is a quick read with many ideas on adjusting your attitude to impact the events around you and your own stress levels .
 This book is relatable to all types of managers . You will find yourself in qbq situations all day long ! Great read for all .
 I read these books over a year ago and I bought copies for everyone in management at my last job . It is a great series for anyone , and I believe that the teachings make me better at what I do now . -LRB- Law Enforcement Officer -RRB- I only wish it was required reading for new recruits .
 Personal accountability is fine in theory , but enormously difficult in practice . This is because it will only work if the overwhelming majority of people practice it . It is a fact of life that it takes only a few people engaging in selfish behavior to slow down the progress of everyone else . If you hold yourself accountable for what is done and those you work with do not , then the group , including those that are unproductive , will collectively get the credit.I am not saying that you should avoid holding yourself accountable for what you do ; just that one must be reasonable about doing it . You must keep your expectations to a manageable level and understand that there might be times when only you will know what you have accomplished.Personal accountability of course starts with the actions of each and every individual and from that perspective this is a good book . Miller discusses what questions or statements should be said rather than what is actually being said . By using the singular pronoun I in `` What can I do better ? '' rather than `` What do I get out of it ? '' each person can take an enormous step towards success and personal achievement . However , as has already been stated , the actions of others may render your achievements down to a much lesser height than they could have been . Miller largely ignores this segment of reality , which lowers the value as you ramble down your lane of the rat race .
 In a word , OUTSTANDING ! This book is an inspiration and a guide for me every day . I share it with my students in EVERY class . It is a quick read and full of simple insight.Buy this book !
 I had the pleasure of hearing Mr Miller speak to my organization and felt his message in personal accountability spoke volumes about how to make small changes create a large impact.Mr Miller speaks eloquently about his topic and is obviously passionate about the role QBQ takes for everyone , be they a leader , parent or any human being . The book is an easy read and the concept is not a stretch to understand , follows similarly to `` Who Moved My Cheese '' or the One Minute Manager series . This is the type of concept that asks you to think about what is the right thing to do , and more importantly , complete it . The procrastination concept is powerful and impactful , again , very simple , however a concept all need to follow and practice ... practice being the root of all habits.Mr . Miller has one example of a cashier at Home Depot that lowered the rating from 5 to 4 stars ; this example is too far fetched and the litigious results that potentially could arise from other customers feeling slighted is too over the top . I understand what Mr. Miller is presenting , and why he purposely ignores the repercussions of such an act , this example only degrades the message he is presenting.I look very forward to reading `` Flipping the Switch '' and putting these concepts into action , along with re-reading this series annually to ensure I continue to practice personal accountability .
 I want to express my thanks to author John Miller for his QBQ ! idea . His material provides the link for all organizations ` leadership and accountability strategies . I have read and studied both of his books -LRB- The other is `` Flipping the Switch '' -RRB- . They both make their points simply , powerfully , and most uniquely - understandably ! His content on personal accountability is the best I 've seen
 I read both this book and his follow up book `` Flipping the Switch '' . This book shows you how to live by choice , not by chance . I bought two more sets for my manangers to read and implement some of the ideas .
 The book is very well-written , and thought-provoking ! There are limitless possibilities for utilizing the QBQ , in both my professional and personal life ! This is such a wonderful way to live a much stress free life ... although at times it 's not easy , it is very simple to change the things we say and do to create a more positive attitude in every situation . I work in a very negative environment and since I have read QBQ ! I have implemented it each day to practice personal accountability ... I 'm much happier and very excited to use what I 've learned . I 'm the only one who can change me , there is no one to blame . If the ball is dropped , I pick it up and make the play where it will benefit the organization I work for . I expect no praise however my joy comes from within me . Knowing how to do the right thing at the right moment ... Thank you for soooo much author John Miller and I look forward to growing stronger in my personal accountiblily ,
 We used this book with 19 of my managers as part of our personal and professional development `` book club '' . We are going through a merger and significant job shifts . The questions I was hearing were the ones addressed in this book . It was a good `` preventative measure '' to head off non-constructive complaints and focus the group on what each of them could do individually to improve themselves for the betterment of our customers and our team .
 In this stressful holiday time , I sometimes wonder if if there is a meaning to it all . Essentially , what changes can I make in life to make it more fufilling . This book has not really changed my entire life , but it has simplified the process in promoting positive change . Overall , this book will help you manage difficult situations , channel your frustration about other peoples ' shortcomings , and , most importantly , deal with your own issues . I personally liked it because the book was easy going and not overwhelming like some other books in the `` self-help '' category . Overall , it just helps you have a more positive outlook on life .
 People who achieve anything in life practice personal accountability and QBQ ! shows them how to do it . People who lose blame and whine and procrastinate . Our our firm we 're using QBQ ! to shape a No Blame culture and it 's working . It 's practical and easy to apply . The stories in the book truly speak to all of us whther it 's Jacob at the Rockbottom or Judy at Home Depot or Brian the disabled man . Just excellent all around . As each of us learns to ask QBQs we become better people . The book works for people from CEO to the janitor - only cynics reject a message so sound and right as this one on personal accountability . If you are willing to look in the mirror , get QBQ ! today . Six stars !
 The type is big in this little book and you can read it very quickly , but the text is brief and right to the point . The ideas about personal accountability are excellent . The hard part is making the life change to be more responsible and accountable . Instead of complaining and blaming , ask yourself what you can do to make the situation better . Read it and live by it ! Remember it !
 QBQ ! is truly a classic.In order to achieve success in any area , you have to be accountable , but not just accountable to others , you need to be accountable to yourself.Human nature is to blame others for our problems . Every day see we see other people blaming us for their problems . However we think that we are free from such a mentality.This book show you know that you too blame other people for your problems . This book is for anyone in the human race . It is a must read.I spoke with John on the phone a few times and he is really a great guy . He is really interested in improving the lives of many , many people . I fully endorse his work , and I wish him much success!Zev Saftlas , Author of Motivation That Works
 As a corporate training manager , I look for practical tools that people can study and then use . We are using QBQ ! as a component of our leadership training for new and experienced managers . So often managers blame their people instead of demonstrating humility by asking QBQs like `` How can I improve me ? '' We 've found that QBQ ! gives a manager a real foundation for leading and managing better , while improving themselves . They are then also more receptive to skills training . There really is nothing else like QBQ ! that gives people a specific way or method for getting rid of blame and victim thinking . We are now going corporate wide with this message .
 This is a great book on how to make your life positive . It is an easy read that will change your life . It comes highly recommended from many very successful business people .
 I read this book for the first time a little over a year ago . At the time , I tried to soak in the message , but since I thought it did n't really apply to me , I think it went in one ear and out the other , so to speak.Fast forward to today . This book is required reading for my work , and I read it a little more closely this time around . As it turns out , this little book is jam-packed with morsels of good advice . It 's all about using a JFK-esque philosophy
 This book should be required reading for everyone . The principle of personal accountability is one that is so lacking in our society today . I can see why more and more companies are adopting these principles and making this book required reading by all employees .
 The book is thin and it is a simple read . My 6th grade daughter would understand every concept in the book . While this would all generally make for a low rating , I instead give it the highest rating . Why ? Because although it does not present many original ideas , the vast population of American at least , do not follow the QBQ . If it takes a book that can be read in an hour and that can be understood by someone who reads at a 6th grade level for people to start taking responsibility for their actions and thier lives , then I am all for it.This is not to say that the only people who will benefit from this book are the young and irresponsible . Many of the points , while not rocket science , were new ways to look at old ideas and as the book says `` repetition is the motor of learning . ''
 Any organization planning an organization-wide change effort needs to have every single one of their employees read this book . It 's an amazing quick read , simple but powerful . It puts the responsibility and accountability into the hands of the individual . Once that shift is made , the change effort becomes easier and more effective . The book provides straightforward rationale and examples from the line level to the executive offices . No one should be exempt from practicing QBQ !
 The question behind the question is about being efficient in every aspect of your life . If you are thinking about getting a new job , you have to learn to be a part of the team and for this you need to be efficient otherwise you are out of track . Read this short book together with Napoleon Hill 's `` Think and Grow Rich '' and David Schwartz `` The Magic of Thinking Big '' and start living a regenerated life today .
 I LOVED this book . My entire staff is reading it . We plan to buy copies for everyone !
 Of all the balanced , happy , consistently efficient and `` most-popular-with-the-customer '' team members I 've been privileged to know , PERSONAL RESPONSIBILITY was the single common factor in their achieving whatever personal and career goals they had . I 've tried hard to copy the good examples I 've met in my life and very much appreciate QBQ ! 's positive and thought-provoking examples . It really is the definitive piece on PERSONAL ACCOUNTABILITY . By learning to ask better questions - QBQs - we have changed the way we approach our customer both internal and external . Working for government , it is easy to place blame , procrastinate and complain - but for whatever reason , I 'm not made that way . I do completely believe in accepting responsibility and the consequences of my actions . I believe that I 've lived my life along the principles QBQ ! teaches , however , seeing it framed in this context most certainly provides guidelines to the principles I believe in.I will reread the book since the author points the amazing value of repetition . I will strive to instill more of the QBQ ! spirit when I find myself drifting , and believe I 'll find myself enjoying a much more fulfilling career.The QBQ ! book
 It 's so true I can only change me ! As a manager I have wasted countless days and much energy trying to `` motivate '' my people . It took a few years but I 've learned the best approach is to ask the QBQ `` How can I be a better coach ? '' and `` What can I do to improve my leadership ? '' As the author John Miller says , when I ask these questions I 'm not blaming , whining , or procrastinating but truly putting PERSONAL ACCOUNTABILITY into action . It also works for me as a parent
 QBQ ! is the answer to quit fooling yourself . This is possibly the best book I have read that can truly make a difference in our businesses and our lives ! In some ways , it is a simple reminder of how you should approach many of life 's situations . The DVD/facilitator lead training is the best training I 've taken yet . We are training various teams within our organization . Truly on target to the problems facing me in business - and in my home life . By forcing each of us to look in the mirror , QBQ ! is life changing . Rarely does one find so many pearls in one 55 minute read -LRB- the book -RRB- . The chapters are short and I return to them over and over . Mr. Miller is so right - repetition is the key . As I have learned to use QBQ ! and be more accountable , I find I solve problems more quickly and avoid the classic blame game . Also , by going to www.QBQ.com I 've found even more info , some I get by email from QBQ , Inc. and some I can download on to my desk top . Do n't miss their `` QBQ ! Panic Button '' which provides pithy content straight from the book that I can put on my desktop and review thoughout the day to help me get through the day . In a word , everything about QBQ ! is practical ... and that makes it excellent .
 Loved the book ! Passing it on to my supervisor . John is a great writer and speaker . He defines personal accountability , and how to apply it to our personal and business lifes .
 QBQ is a quick-read that brings lasting value to managers , employees , and entrepreneurs.Using short , easily-relatable stories , John does a masterful job weaving together his flare for the written word , together , with the real-life necessity of personal accountability .
 QBQ has impacted all of the relationships in my life . Whenever I find myself about to do the blame game , I take a step back and think about what I can do to change the situation . Forcing myself to decide what actions I can take changes the emphasis from being a victim to being empowered . Empowerment is so powerful in any area of your life , so what can you do to change your circumstances ? And more importantly , what are you waiting for ?
 This book is a staple on my bookshelf , and I find that I pick it up on a regular basis to get me back on track when I get off-course . The struggle to take personal responsibility in a culture of blame is real , and it 's great to have a resource at-hand that inspires me to be at my best . QBQ is succinct , and I find that I can open it up to any chapter and spend 5 minutes reading a lesson and the accompanying short story - and I am left feeling empowered and focused on what * I * can do to better any situation .
 Over the last 9 years I have picked up the QBQ at least once a year . Each time I do it sheds new light on how I can be personally accountable for my actions . When I first picked it up it was to help me in my place of work . Since then I have been able to apply the principles in this book to my own business , my marriage , my kids , and every other aspect of my life . This is n't a one time read . It 's a book that you will pick up over and over again because of how quick , effective , and impactful it will be in your life . If you are struggling with being personally accountable to your actions you need to pick this book up and take it to heart . John 's stories are compelling and will help you to easily implement the QBQ in your life . 5 stars all the way !
 This book and the sequels to this book are fun tools to have in your personal development tool box . These books give straight , simple ideas and experiences that are proven to show you personal accountability in one 's personal life and work life . The information in this book assists you in understanding the process of personal accountability and what will help you to continue to achieve personal accountability in your personal life as well as your work life . I have shared this book with my current team which they made the choice to read it -LRB- it was not required for them to read it -RRB- . The results so far have been great and some have applied the information and knowledge in their personal lives and have seen a real difference ! Very inexpensive tool that will last for more than a lifetime !! For all the nay sayers ... remember Believe or Leave !!! It is a your personal choice !
 Having been a `` QBQ-er '' for a couple of years now , I can honestly say that the concepts that are presented in this book can change the way that you run your life . I have shared this book with my family and with my co-workers . Once people stop playing the blame game and hiding behind a team , what happens is amazing !!! When a group of people who work together understand that each of us is reponsible for our own actions , and that each of us plays a role in the success of the team , and then really owns it , the sky is indeed the limit . Being accountable for your own actions , decisions , and even owning the mistakes is very empowering . When you are empowered , you can make the right decisions , for the right reasons , for an OUTSTANDING outcome . Do n't just buy this book and read it . Buy this book , learn the concepts , live the concepts , and then watch what happens . It will amaze you !!!
 The book was delivered quickly and in great shape as promised by the seller . The book was recommended by a lecturer at my facility and it did make me think about my own responsibility and roles in making things happen around the place I work . I can only control myself . Book was great .
 THE definitive book on personal accountability . This is one of those books I have purchased for friends and co-workers - it is that life changing .
 This book is being widely referenced at work to increase professional growth potential . I was estatic to find a used copy offered on Amazon for $ 0.01 -LRB- $ 3.99 in shipping -RRB- . The book was received in a timely fashion and the condition is like brand new .
 I 've been using QBQ in my training sessions for years . The message is clear and effective - do n't waste your time trying to fix other people ; focus on what YOU can do to improve all of the things you find fault with . The other five-start reviews here sum up the content exceptionally well.Also , John Miller is great to work with . I love calling the QBQ company expecting to speak to a CS rep and getting John personally picking up the phone . It makes my day !
 I thought this book was fantastic . It really made me think about the way I perceive others , but especially myself . It took me about an hour and a half to read it -LRB- the first time -RRB- , but I immediately found myself wanting to go back and re-read about some of the more relevant parts to me.Mr . Miller has really hit the nail on the head . He has showed us some of the typical questions we ask others and often hear in the workplace . He has used great examples to illustrate how we can be personally accountable for our thoughts and actions.I think this book is long overdue , and a must read for everyone !
 I believe in personal accountability . I think it is great someone has finally written a book about it . Accountability is the key that takes values from the preferred to the real level . Its challenging , but exciting ! We are living in a society that lacks personal accountability . Take a look at the legal system that is bogged down with civil law suits trying to place the blame on someone . I want to change what I can and that is me . I also want to spread the word about how much happier I am now that I apply the QBQ ! to my life . I do n't worry near as much . I have less stress in my life . Over-all my life at work and at home is more enjoyable . QBQ ! has done that for me . I just received a promotion into middle management at my workplace , and have already made mistakes asking what the author calls `` IQs '' or Incorrect Questions instead of The Question Behind the Question or `` QBQs '' ! I am so glad I found this book early in my management career so I can begin to do things the QBQ ! way instead ! I will read & re-read many times . I know our lives are lived through the choices we make . We therefore are responsible and accountable for our choices , the results of our choices and ultimately the consequnces of our actions . QBQ ! is helping me make better choices . Absolutely Five Stars all the way !
 If only this fundamental and powerful message of personal responsibility was taken seriously by our world , we can only imagine what it would be like to live in a world like that ! This book is fantastic ! QBQ ! showed me exactly HOW TO practicing personal accountbility by asking better questions of myself . I heard the author on the Dave Ramsey show and he is dynamic and the content is practical . I 've already read QBQ ! 3 times in 3 days and I will `` return to the well '' every time I feel myself about to blame , whine , procrastinate and point fingers . Personal accountability , as the author points out , is the better path ! Fun read .
 Finally , a book without funny characters and parables . One with excellent content that can be applied . QBQ ! not only made meAWARE of the need for more personal accountability in my life at home and at work , but it showed me HOW to do it . Refreshing!Miller helped me understand that too often I play victim by asking questions like `` Why does n't my company train me more ? '' and `` When is someone going to clarify my job ? '' I 've learned to pause and simply ask `` What can I do to develop myself ? '' and `` How can I adapt to change ? '' This is a book that wo n't let you down . It took me an hour to read ... and then I read it again - twice . Each time I picked up something new . Really enjoyed it ... and then I bought copies for my team and now we 're studying it together . Our training department is now using it for everyone ! And I 'm proud to say I found it first .
 QBQ ! really give some meaty solutions to the problems of blame , victim thinking , and procrastination . It 's a quick read with short chapters which I just love . I am able to reread the book or just a few chapters and immediately go use the content on the job . It teaches how to ask questions that enable one to practice personal accountability and how to take ownership . It also makes me aware of what questions to not ask . So much that happens at work requires a response of accountability - not blame and finger pointing . Clearly we need our politicians to ready this book . Unlike many popular biz books that just provide parables and fictional story lines , QBQ ! provides a tremendous `` how to '' so it can become part of my daily walk . The supporting stories are fun and real life .
 A co-worker had been given the book by someone and she thought it was perfect for her team . I read it on the plane -LRB- a wonderfully easy and quick read -RRB- . I , too , thought it would be perfect for my direct reports and others at our company . It just makes sense and it gives individuals a sense of empowerment when facing times of change and challenge - a constant in corporate America . Personal accountability is so critical and QBQ ! shows us how to live it each day !
 This book will help you think wisely and clearly and help you maintain integrity in who you are and what you do . You will be challenged to overcome somtimes subtle traps like blame and procrastination , and move to living and acting responsibly ; pushing you beyond barriers that you have been unable to overcome in your personal and/or professional life .
 Excellent Read !!! ... chock full of examples we can all identify with , and ideas we can act on immediately . I ordered a box , and shared this terrific book with every business colleague on my Christmas list . Now my entire circle of influence is asking better questions , and we 're all enjoying the fruits of practicing Personal Accountability . I 'm not waiting for the next holiday though - - I want everyone I work with , and everyone I care about to have this wonderful tool . Thank You Mr. Miller !
 What a great book ! Someone at work gave this to me and it knocked my socks off ! Boy do we - and I - need this book . I 've read it twice already and know I 'll go through it again and again . Do n't wait - the sooner you read it , the sooner you 'll see the difference in your life !
 This is one of those energizing little books that is fun to share with your staff . It 's a self-coaching style book that reiterates to our `` not me '' culture , too take ownership of getting the job done . Buy it , read it , repeat and share !
 I have loved this book for some time ! I feel so strongly about the message of QBQ that I carry copies in my car to give to people ! In my work as a leader in a nonprofit organization , working with folks who struggle with addictions , personal accountability is one of the most important keys for people who want to get better and John Miller does a great job explaining this using real-life examples and with practical ideas for application . But the biggest indication of how impactful this book is came in a meeting I had with a successful businessman I barely knew.When I visited him at his office on his desk were two books , the Bible and John Miller 's QBQ ! When I asked him about QBQ he said it had changed both he and his employees . He gave every one of them a copy and then asked them to write a one page essay on how they could implement some of the practical suggestions of QBQ 's personal accountability into their lives . He thought the response of his staff to the book had been remarkable and that it was translating into a more customer friendly work place where people thought more of others than they did themselves . I would call that high praise for a book that packs a powerful punch into its 115 pages !
 An easy but engaging read that most people can get through in less than 2 hours . John Miller addresses the poor attitude that most people have - `` I was n't trained for this ... '' , `` If only the company would provide me __ , I 'd be a great salesman ... '' and other excuses we throw in the way of our own success . Miller 's ideas are basic , but timeless attitudes of doing whatever is in our power to succeed , taking initiative to fix problems we come across instead of admiring them , and our charisma is what we are selling - not a product or service . Great book , I 've started asking the people who work for me to read and benefit from the ideas within .
 I learned a long time ago , the value of a book is not determined by it 's size -LRB- QBQ is only 115 pages -RRB- , nor by how long it takes to read -LRB- QBQ can be read in about an hour -RRB- , and not even by the number pages where you make notes in the margins -LRB- my copy of QBQ is only marked on a few pages -RRB- but the real value of a book should be determined by what you learn from it . When I finish a book , I ask myself , Will I grow from what I 've learned ? Was the time I invested here well spent ? How will I alter what I do because of this book ? My personal creed is to be a better person today than I was yesterday , so the most important question is , will I become a better person because of this book?QBQ
 The author keeps it brief and direct , but he hits the nail on the head . Time to quit pointing the finger at everyone else and get to work . If I owned my own company , I would make this mandatory reading for all my employees .
 This was one of the best book purchases I have made in a long time . Easy reading , honest , and relatable . I would recomend this book to anyone looking to improve your personal accountability . It is funny after you read the book , you are able to pick the people out that have personal accountability and take ownership - with that said , you can also pick those people out who choose not to as well . Great investment !
 When a friend handed me this book , I thought to myself , Great , just what I need , another CHEESE in my life . To be polite , I thumbed through the first chapter ... and never looked back . I used to think books had to be long to be helpful , but in the first 25 pages I knew all I needed to in order to turn around my attitudes and ways of approaching problems . Now I use the QBQ and things get done . And it has caught on with my colleagues -LRB- because I made them all read it too -RRB- !
 I teach graduate classes in Educational Leadership and this book will be required reading for my classes . There is so much that relates to being effective and affective in dealing with people either little people or adults.I believe this book will be one that my students will not only purchase but look to often . I know I do as a professor and teacher .
 A friend of mine told me that his company was having phenomenal results using QBQ in its sales training and suggested I check out the book . I read it in about an hour -- its precepts are simple and practical , and what is amazing is that they ACTUALLY work ! Kudos to Miller . We are now employing QBQ in our customer service training and we hope to expand its use to other divisions in the coming year .
 I loved the QBQ and highly recommend it to all . Personal accountability is a term that seems to be used often , but understood by few . The QBQ clearly shows you how to take personal accountability -- by asking the right questions . By framing your questions the right way , you will avoid creating more problems by blaming others and instead deal with the real issues head on.If you are a manager , a parent , a teacher , or anyone that is in a leadership position , this book is for you .
 I downloaded a copy to my palm for on the go ! Great website and the book has awesome content.It 's short , sweet and to the point without a lot of fluff.Helpful in business and parenting -LRB- :
 ... This book is not a heavy read . Finished it in an hour and a half on plane with a meal . It heavily uses annecdotes to make it point . The gist of what it talks about is how you frame your question impacts your outcome . Many people frame their questions in the first person -LRB- I or me -RRB- and in the reference of victimhood , e.g. `` Why does -LRB- fill in the blank -RRB- happen to me ? `` Through the annecdotes , the author tries to teach you to frame questions that empower people to take charge and responsibility for their actions and situations.This is a good book for managers and subordinates .
 Personal accountability through the medium of questions is exquisitely executed in this timeless treasure . This is a book you will keep on your bookshelf for your children . This book earns 5 stars . Additionally , I strongly recommend Optimal Thinking
 This quick and easy read is a life-skills book suitable for ordinary and extra-ordinary people , professionals , non-professionals , basically people of all ages . Unlike many other books on the market today that are trendy , this book is a `` timeless '' treasure with a practical , common sense approach . In most corporations , personal accountability is one of the top 10 core competencies , and the QBQ ! book , together with its support tools -LRB- licensing agreement , training program , posters , etc. -RRB- provide the foundational pieces for organizations to create the culture of `` personal accountability '' ; it can not be mandated . Organizations need to embrace the notion of `` flying the plane differently '' -LRB- Stacey 's story , page 28 -RRB- , and provide the environment for employees to translate this concept into their daily work life.From a personal viewpoint , QBQ ! helps individuals deal with change in their life and eliminate victim thinking that holds people back from being their best . QBQ ! provides the `` how to '' steps to have a peaceful and successful life.Key themes that support both corporate as well as personal success include `` How do I let go of that which I can not control ? '' , and `` I can only change me . '' This little book has helped me tremendously both as a business person/consultant in my work , and personally . I am so glad I discovered it . Others I have shared this book with have told me it has `` changed their life '' . A must read , and one that you will want to share with others .
 QBQ is a quick read but is loaded with powerful thoughts to challenge you to grow in your work , home and social life . Essentially QBQ is about personal accountability . The author , John Miller , has built an entire personal development system around the idea that we should focus on what we can do to improve performance at work or relationships with our kids , not on what others should be doing to improve or accomplish any given objective . The concept is incredibly simple and is presented that way in QBQ . Nevertheless , it is very foreign to many of us in post-modern America.If you find yourself hitting walls in your life or being frustrated with others , QBQ will teach you a new way of thinking that will wipe away much of that frustration . This book is especially powerful for people who work in teams or organizations where `` people problems '' are the greatest hinderance to achieving goals and/or being happy while trying .
 Do n't be fooled by the book 's deceptively simple proposition
 I am a very busy professional and mother and this book is excellent because it has short quick chapters I can easily read on my daily comute . Do n't be decieved by the chapter size though , because the words each chapter contains are mighty . Every chapter gives me plenty to self reflect upon and new ideas to start putting into actions . I got this to boost my career and got the added bonus of it bringing new life to my marriage too ! Love the Book .
 After reading this book , I decided to purchase it for my entire team . Now we are all on the same page when we talk about accountability and taking personal responsibility . I found it very useful for myself as I did n't realize how often I played the `` blame game '' . A great tool for any team who likes to point fingers at others .
 Each employee at our manufacturing consulting firm receives a copy of QBQ ! to read . We have a short dialogue and its contents are referenced daily . Every time I listen to Miller 's `` book on tape '' CD or re-read QBQ ! , something new hits home . I have shared these books as gifts with employees and friends and with my family as well . From my wife to each of the four children ages 22 to 14 . It makes a difference at all levels and now Flipping the Switch , Miller 's new book , is also wonderful and being read by all!These books are not just for business and reading them once is not enough . Depending on the day , the circumstances , or even a new client , the basic sense of Miller 's content is simply priceless . I now provide a personal copy of QBQ ! to all our employees , and will be doing so with Flipping the Switch soon . When I meet a new client and they have not been exposed to QBQ , I give one away . It is so important to me to get this information out to all people because it is `` simple and easy '' to apply and better yet - it works . Personal accountability is such a perfect message . Thanks to John Miller for writing these little gems . One of our clients has had every single person read QBQ ! From the President/CEO to the frontline employees everyone knows what QBQ ! is . It is referenced constantly . This firm is between their second and third year of implementing LEAN manufacturing . They have been very wise about their LEAN Journey , applying what is necessary , staying focused and moving forward efficiently in most areas . QBQ ! helps them keep the blame and victim thinking out of their culture .
 This book contains alot of common sense guidance on how to practice personal accountability . Like all books like this , your first instinct is to say `` I need to give this book to my employees , spouse , brother , etc. '' However , this book is n't about changing others , but about changing yourself , the one person whom you have any control over.I especially enjoyed the direction given on asking the right questions , often substituting `` I '' for `` we '' , `` you '' , `` they '' , etc. . This book gives good guidance on common sense leadership principles that I find especially useful which redirects you from the natural tendency to look for scapegoats rather than search for solutions , a common problem in many organizations.A very good little book that gives sound advice regardless who you are and what responsibilities you are faced with .
 This is a wonderful book that will allow you insight and the `` how to '' method for putting personal accountability into your daily life . It provides problem solving techniques that can allow you or your team to adapt to change more quickly . This is an excellent book for companies or people working directly with customers .
 QBQ ! is critical because in today 's world there is too much finger pointing , and trying to shift the focus to someone else ! This book is a fast read -LRB- about an hour max -RRB- and I keep it with me . I pick it up and refer to specific chapters to helps me with certain issues . QBQ ! and its core content on Personal Accountability can , should and will help me solve 80 % of the problems I face at work . It 's a great , common-sense book , but we all know common sense is very uncommon . If we all took responsiblility for what we did , first thinking about how we would like to be treated in the same situation , we might be able to avoid other issues that crop up . I know I do n't live it to my best potential every day , but with consistency , I try to do my best every day . When I make myself accountable for every thing I say and do , I get much better results in return .
 The CD -LRB- book -RRB- made me question the way I think and think about the questions I ask myself . It was a great CD -LRB- book -RRB- to have me look at myself and do some searching on how I look at problems or situations . If I asked the wrong question I can get an answer but it would start me down a wrong path . The CD -LRB- book -RRB- is short and sweet .
 this was a good book to read -LRB- listen -RRB- to in the car . brought some good points to light , a good one to get from the library b/c its quick , but i highly suggest it regardless
 On the surface this book seems to simple or trite . However like most significant truths in life , it 's not a matter of the simplicity of the truth , but how I apply it . This books give real steps to apply a principle that will add to the success of any person who will take action!Great book !!
 Fantastic , page turning , easy read . I sat down and read this book in a sitting . Great ideas and thought provoking questions that can absolutley change a thought process .
 Personal accoutability is critical to success in any role in life . This book gives several inspiring accounts . I have read through it a couple times now and believe that it is a must read for all of the black belt project managers in our training program .
 Author John G. Miller admonishes people to quit whining ! Miller advocates personal accountability , an almost novel concept in today 's litigious world of finger pointing , excuse making and not-my-fault thinking . Instead of asking , `` Why is this happening to me ? '' he says to ask , `` What can I do to improve my situation ? '' Miller calls this the `` QBQ , the Question Behind the Question . '' When you ask such questions you become less of a victim , and put yourself more in control , empowered to improve your life and contribute to the success of your organization . Miller entertains and explains by using examples and uplifting stories culled from his personal experience . His easy-to-grasp theory is fairly one-dimensional and in the banquet of self-help books , it is more of an appetizer than an entr&eacute;e . Yet , if you want a quick bite of applicable self-improvement advice and do n't mind a bit of a scolding , we recommend this tasty treat .
 This is not a `` self-help '' kind of book folks , but a very concise , little `` guide '' on how to quit the complaining and blaming , and take responsibility of your life . Perfect for the world we live in , mired with people who seldom take responsibility for their actions and are often making excuses . Good , quick read ... Very powerful !
 The QBQ is a relevant book for todays professionals.I have been a healthcare professional clinician and manager for over 20 years . I have led many different teams throughout those years mostly in the emergency department . How I wish the QBQ had been written when I first started . John G. Miller has hit the heart of many organizations by capturing his understanding that organizations are made of people and those people hold the organizations success in thier hands . He then encourages the readers by not dismissing the hard issues they face today , but , to instead , learn to embrace new ways of thinking that will propel them to greater success than they knew before . His practical insights have become a tool I use with all my managment teams to challenge our ways of thinking and I also use it as a tool as well as when consulting with other organziations.One of my employees made the statement `` John makes the book fun to read and hard to put down '' . I have had experiances where every department seemed to fall back into a `` silo '' as mentioned in chapter 15 or `` protective cocoon '' when hard times pressed in upon us . It was one thing to fight the regulatory requirements and competitors but to be fighting each other at the same time was just exhausting . We had become what he describes as the `` victim '' in chapter 5 . The QBQ was the `` instrument of choice '' to assist us in breaking down those silos by learning to ask the correct questions and confront the negatives we were allowing ourselves to feel and placing us back in charge of our destiny.My management teams love the QBQ and share it with new employees as well . I have given this book a 5 because it truly helps people and organizations move forward .
 Curious as to the meaning of QBQ , I picked up this book in the airport and finished it before my husband 's plane landed . By the time he had retrieved his luggage , I had made the decision to buy a dozen copies to share with each member in my department . Buying books for coworkers is not my usual practice so that alone is saying something about how beneficial I found the message of QBQ . Each of my team members humored me by agreeing to read
 This book addresses the habit in business -LRB- and most areas of life -RRB- of blame and complain , and procrastination . This book really gets at the heart of the problem , It really made me think about my own propensity to pass on the buck , and how that needs to stop if I want to be highly effective . I like the stories . Definitely worth a read .
 I was reading QBQ ! on a Saturday afternoon and my wife was trying to redeem credit card reward points from a Bank through Internet . My wife was not a computer-savvy person . She tried but she was not able to do so . She chose another alternative to redeem the points by phone . Later on she found out redeem over the phone deducted more points than it would through Internet . She said to me that `` You did not help me because you are busy reading '' . I responded to her that she was demonstrating the exact `` victim thinking '' behavior mentioned in QBQ ! and blaming me for what she did . I said to her that what she needed to to was to take personal accountability and solve the problem now . I am so happy that she quickly did - She called back the bank 's customer service over the phone and explained what happened . Result - She was able to negotiate for renewing the credit card without the subscription fee . What a powerful and immediate application of the concept that we learned from QBQ ! and what a big difference it made ! In my work environment , I am sure our global project team would benefit from learning QBQ !
 This is a quick read book , probably one hour max . I used to use `` Who Moved My Cheese ? '' to help organizations deal with change and have now incorporated QBQ ! instead . It has a very simple , but powerful concept . 1 . All questions begin with `` What '' or `` How '' 2 . All contain an `` I '' 3 . All focus on Action . Eg . `` How can I today make a difference ? or `` How can I contribute to a solution ? '' Some real examples of people , both personally , and in companies using these concepts adds a real dimension to it . It has so many applications . I highly recommend it to anyone who wants to have a better quality of life .
 If you are looking to bring the concept of personal responsibility to your company , team , organization or just to your family and personal life ... this is the book . It is concise , well written , entertaining and thought provoking . It is a relatively brief read , but will stimulate a depth of thoughtful discussion and growth in the area of personal responsibility like nothing else I have ever seen or read . As someone who trains others for a living , I can honestly say that QBQ ! is much more than a book ... it 's a way of looking at life that will create positive change in anyone who adopts the philosophies and methods presented .
 In The Question Behind the Question
 Personal accountability , as taught in the QBQ ! book , makes people go the `` extra mile '' in customer service . QBQ ! truly works and more people need to stop blaming others and take accountability into their own hands to improve their own and others lives . It is all about what you can do for yourself and others not what others can do for you . I have recommended QBQ ! to numerous clients , and just shared one of the QBQ ! success stories I got from QBQ.com in my weekly ezine . It excites me because it is the ultimate way to put people back in charge of their lives -LRB- no we do n't control what happens to us , yes , we do control how we respond to what happens to us ! -RRB- . I want to continue to spread the word ... and use the QBQ ! principles in my life and work . And that 's why I give QBQ ! five stars !!!
 Easy read . Less than an hour.One of the greatest books on personal accountability I 've ever read . I have made it required reading for the staff and lay leadership at my church . And also for my teenage children!Recommend for anyone who wants to be the person who stands out postively within organizations where layoffs are on the horizon .
 There is always a reason behind the questions asked . This book dives into understanding that concept and helps to discover the motivation behind questions .
 I bought a copy of this book for each of my six sales representatives . I read it in about an hour and I hope each of my reps do the same . I hope each of them learn to act on what they can control instead of complaining about what is out of their hands .
 This is a great book for personal growth . It would serve business owners well . It gets to the heart of personal accountability and highlights the current trend of blaming others for everything .
 we used it at our company to help get everyone on the same page as far as taking care of your internal and external customers .
 Great book and it helps you learn how to be a great person and excell in all aspects of life .
 One of the test readers of my book and audio book , Managing Thought
 This book was required reading one night during my recent interim pastor training . It took me about 40 minutes to read it and I found the book to be inspirational and helpful in asking questions the ` right ' questions in a world that is no longer linear and predictable . In a world where change is the only constant , this book was helpful to begin to re-frame the kind of questions to ask and how to approach situations so as not be reacting to change but to be part of the solution to problems that come up in a constantly changing world . I 'd recommend this book to any professional who is seeking to understand how to be effective in a constantly changing environment .
 I found QBQ through Dave Ramsey 's radio program . Dave is the Financial Peace guru and author of The Total Money Makeover . I am a big Ramsey fan and I figured if QBQ was mandatory reading for his staff then it should be for me and my team as well . QBQ is a quick read and when actually put into practice can have a dramatic impact on one 's personal and professional life . Unfortunately , many people will miss its profound implications because of its simplicity . The fact is , if you 're like me , you have very little time to learn new concepts much less put them into practice . If so , you 're going to love QBQ . This is something that is simple enough to absorb quickly and practical enough to use every day ! As a VP for a large organization I can not think of a better culture to develop than one of Personal Accountability . It 's the one concept that brings everything else to life . QBQ is the real deal when it comes to making Personal Accountability a core value in your life . I would also recommend Flipping the Switch by Miller which takes QBQ even further .
 I found this book in the business section of the bookstore and read a few pages . I immediately knew I had to have it . For anyone who knows me , you know I 've struggled at time with various aspects of my life . Most notably my career choices and my weight . Over the past year , I 've made some strides but know I have a long way to go.QBQ basically summed things up for me . It 's all about personal accountability . In this country , we have so many freedoms and opportunities . I strongly believe that regardless of your background , one can accomplish almost anything . There have been many jobs I 've had where I 've placed blame on others rather than doing my best . I 've went about making suggestions the wrong way . If I ask questions that start with `` What , or How '' rather than `` Why , When , or Who '' I 'll go a lot farther in life . This book gives many examples of how that can be achieved . I hope to practice these principles in my new career I 'm about to start.I would recommend this book to anyone who wants to take control of there life and stop blaming others for their misfortunes .
 I happened upon this little gem strictly by accident , or was it divine intervention . QBQ is a straight-to-the-point , no-fluff and tremendously relevant book ; no matter who you are . While reading you think , `` Wow , it 's really that simple to change my outlook and the way I go about my daily activities ? '' The reality of personable accountability hits home , and it hits home hard . John backs up his insights with examples that we can all relate to . It 's not a magic pill or mysterious tonic . What QBQ is , is a set of guideline for living your life to the fullest based upon the conscious choices you make and asking better questions that focus on the `` how and what I can do '' and not the victimization questions that begin with `` why , when and who . '' The book is a quick read , but the changes are up to you to implement . John goes beyond the book by providing his readers with a website the supports the QBQ way . I 've already seen positive changes in how I deal with family , friends and business associates . I just stared reading John 's new book `` Flipping The Switch . '' Look for my review on this one soon . Thanks , John ! Ken .
 A MUST read for anyone who wants to grow exponentially in their professional and personal life ! A quick read , full of humorous and inspiring human examples , practical nuggets of wisdom and motivation for personal change . I was astounded at how quickly I could apply the insights in this book ! The amazing positive results that occurred in my work attitude and personal life make this a book I refer to repeatedly . Do n't miss out on the most effective personal accountability tool available !
 I am the Chief Operating Officer of a 600 + lawyer firm with offices around the globe . I head up an effort in our firm to achieve true service excellence through engagement of everyone from file clerk to billing attorney . Its a long haul effort but I believe it will pay huge dividends if we can achieve it.We have used the QBQ ! book to deal with one of the key pieces of the foundation of this effort
 I am in a rapidly growing area and in government . We are having to provide the same services -LRB- and enhance them as well -RRB- with the same number of people . Personal accountability is key for our organization - everyone needs to take responsibilty . I am using QBQ ! with the managers I supervise - it has been a great reminder to them to ask the better questions and stop blaming others . They are presenting a better approach which others can observe , and hopefully follow suit ! What I love about QBQ ! most is the simple way it express great principles . We even use if for team-building !
 The message of this book is clear and simple , we all need to learn to take personal accountability for our work and our actions . I know I have been as guilty of this as anyone in my life and that 's why this book had such a huge impact on me . There is far too much finger-pointing and passing the buck going on in this world today . I definitely do not want my children growing up thinking that they do n't need to learn to own up to their actions . The issues presented in this book make it a perfect gift for anyone getting ready to enter the workforce . I would highly recommend this for high school students and college grads . I plan to keep this book on hand for my kids to read some day and I hope to refer to it myself many times until then , so that I can be a role model to them .
 I loved this book . I could not put it down till I had finished reading it . It was filled with stories that peaked and kept my attention . It had wonderful advise and it made sense . I find myself quoting the stories to friends often.I would recommend this book to anyone who deals with the public . It would make a wonderful gift .
 Miller tells the story of the waiter sending his manager out to get a Diet Coke for the customer . Now how many of our managers would be willing to do that for us ? On a regular basis ? On a daily basis?I rest my case
 QBQ is a deceptively simple , easy to read book . The idea of personal responsibility is something that everyone agrees is a good idea ... for other people ! The real key is that John Miller 's book presents personal accountability in such a way that it makes sense and you can use it as a powerful tool to help you get what you want out of your life . Complaining about your life wo n't make it better , but reading this book -LRB- and acting on the ideas -RRB- certainly will .
 QBQ ! is exciting because the personal empowerment it creates is a great benefit to the individual , and correspondingly benefits the organization . This system changes the typical attitude found in today 's work place . By using QBQ ! everyone wins . Personal accountability and asking the QBQ ! helps me to feel more empowered . When I feel empowered I live a happier life . We can go around blaming others for our problems but if we do n't realize that we have to take responsibility for making a difference then who will ? We ca n't control other people . The only thing we can control is ourselves and our response to others . If everyone sat around waiting for someone else to respond to what needs to be done then nothing will get done . I truly believe that problems in the workplace , at home and in our nation would be reduced significantly if like the author John Miller says , we just asked , `` What can I do to resolve this problem ? '' QBQ ! is important because it focuses individuals on how they can change and improve themselves and their workplace .
 Oh , you mean I AM RESPONSIBLE FOR MY LIFE ? Shucks , I thought I could continue to blame someone else for my troubles . How about if I just complain a little LOUDER ? No , wait a little longer and I 'll make a decision in a week or two about something that could help me move ahead in my life . So BLAME , COMPLAINING , AND PROCRASTINATION are not the path to my personal success . Darn you John Miller , now I have to become a responsible and accountable person if I want to achieve my goals.The QBQ ! is an eye opener . It is an absolutely excellent book that is a quick read and contains very little fluff . It gets to the point - I am responsible - not my boss , my spouse , my kid , or my poor lot in life . I really like how the book is done . Short , real life stories are excellent ways to demonstrate how our society has tended to influence us to shed our responsiblities and sue the first person we find . I had an experience the other day on an flight that mirrored one described in the book - took the time to thank the flight attendent for taking personal accountabilty and told her about the book . She does n't need it but she tells me some coworkers might!It is about time someone wrote a book that gets us all to refocus on the only person we can change - ourselves.QBQ ! will change the way you look at things . For the better . I 've shared my book with many of my friends . You 'll probably see more reviews coming soon - they all loved it!John Miller - I ca n't wait for the sequel . Thanks for your timeless message of accountability in the QBQ ! . Great job !
 I have read a number of books which had tremendous impact on my life . Books like ` Many Lives , Many Masters ' , ` The Seat Of The Soul ' , and the biography on Colin Powell and Nelson Mandela have set me on a spiritual path , searching for my purpose in life . I had little clarity as far as my professional career was concerned , until I read QBQ . Little did I know , my spiritual growth is linked to my professional development , if they are not parallel to each other.I truly believe John Miller was referring to me as he wrote QBQ for I was the procrascinator , the complainer , the person suffering from ` victimits ' , and on the way to be overcome by stress/ulcer . Having read QBQ -LRB- easily read in just one night -RRB- and believing in the message -LRB- because it is common sense !!! -RRB- , I have found myself not only practicing personal accountability but influencing my colleagues as well as my senior managers to experience reading this extraordinary book . Who would ever believe this ? Not I for I am my biggest critic . At times I wonder who am I , and who am I becoming . I cant wait to see who will I be.I praise John Miller for his dynamic and self awareness revelation . I thank John Miller for his inspiration in the QBQ , which is bringing me closer to my purpose in life . I truly believe that personal accountability is the anchor to humility , the cornerstone of Leadership in business and in our personal life . It is the foundation of teamwork and diversity . It defines the philosophy of life and leadership , and sets apart survivors from innovators in a forever increasing global economy.I know now I want to be an innovator in my personal life and professional career . Also I am looking forward to reading QBQ ! 2 Unleashing the Power of Personal Accountability .
 QBQ is the best little book I have read in a long time . The author challenges the reader to personalize the challenges in this book versus thinking of someone else who `` should '' be reading the book . This is a book I plan to read a couple of times a year for the opportunity to examine myself in the area of personal accountability .
 1 . What ever happened to personal responsibility ? 2 . You can practice better accountability by asking better questions .3 . Make better choices in the moment by asking better questions .4 . The answers are in the question . If we ask a better question than we get a better answer .5 . Do n't ask why . It is nonproductive to ask , `` why is this happening to me '' .6 . How can I better understand you ? 7 . `` When '' questions lead to procrastination . Procrastination increases stress .8 . Blame question solve nothing . Ask , `` What can I solve today . '' Infighting drains the life out of organizations . Fix the problem and never affix the blame .9 . Personal accountability begins with you . We control our thoughts and actions . Ask , what and how questions . Changes comes from inside from decisions made by the individual . Change is about making a difference in us . Modeling is the most important teacher .
 John Miller 's intuitive perspective on the art of personal accountability answers the questions many organizations have about how they should go about maximizing productivity.Simply stated , personal accountability leads to a warm & fuzzy feeling of ownership , which in turn enhances employee engagment & morale . The end result is an internally driven stimulis package , without the crippling effect on federal government deficits.In other words , under these conditions , everyone will lead a better life , and most importantly , businesses can get back on track again and become far greater profit making organizations . Bailouts ? Not necessary , thank you very much.Believe it or not , this is not a simplistic perspective on `` what could be '' for society ; it is very attainable . The directions are inside the pages of this short and marvelous book .
 I 've read this book at least five times now . As a career professional ranging from higher education to corporations , no one is immune to the `` blame game '' of he did it/she did it or better yet , `` they '' did it.Much time and emotional energy is spent on blaming others for problems , frustrations , and anger . This also spans into our personal lives.QBQ address the crux of the matter or what I feel is truly choice . Many people do not feel that they have choice or that they need to deal with the deck of cards they 've been handed . The reality is that all of us have a choice on how to act or react in any given situation.QBQ takes the premise of choice and places into a framework that takes blame language into positive , actionable language where one can take charge of a situation . Instead of who did it or why did `` they '' cut our budget , an appropriate rephrase might be `` how can I help this situation ? `` This book is a very easy read , half hour tops and is good to come back to again and again . No matter how positive one might be , even the best of us can fall into victim thinking to remove ourselves from the equation.An excellent read for anyone , professionally or personally .
 A lack of personal accountability can devastate an organization , company or family . In the rank and file , it causes poor execution ; among executive leadership , it devastates morale and leads to musical chairs for those beneath them.This book is a quick read ; perhaps two hours , and offers an excellent antidote to this lack of accountability . The next time you begin whining , restructure your complaint so that it :1 . Begins with WHAT or HOW , and not Why , When , or Who .2 . Contains the pronoun
 I needed to read this and anyone who wants to succeed in their career will greatly benefit as well . Whether you 're an employee who wants to move up the ranks , or an executive on her way up , or a CEO who 's already made it , this book is for you.This book is a quick and easy read with important lessons about practicing personal accountability . Not only will you be more productive and successful , you will be happier as well.Honestly , this is a no-brainer - the book will pay for itself many times over . I bought it , read it twice , told my co-workers about it , and left it at work for whoever wants to read it .
 QBQ ! by John Miller is simply amazing . This little book is a grand slam all the way ! QBQ strips away all the excuses and reminds us again where it is the buck is supposed to stop . If you 're looking for an instruction manaual for leaders , here it is . People do n't need tricks , methods , myths or secrets ... what they really need is a tool that helps them step up to the plate and be accountable for their own results . One of the biggest weaknesses of the American workforce is the ability to accept responsibility and accountability for our own actions . Bravo for QBQ !
 I love this book and have read it many times . I keep it on my desk for reference and take it with me on my train commute every month or so to refresh my memory . I 'm looking forward to having our managers and supervisors read it and see if it will impact them like it did me . I work in government and all our agencies throughout the State are in the process of a slow and painful transition through major change . Low morale , confusion , complaining , poor communication and fingerpointing run rampant . I know that QBQ ! will help our office deal with the transition and our challenges in a more positive way . As author John Miller says , `` It 's all about personal accountability , it 's as simple as that ! ''
 QBQ ! is a book that simply works . I keep it with me . As it teaches me to respond in a healthy manner to all kinds of situations . We have use the QBQ.com traing program to train all of our staff . Being DVD based featuring Miller himself teach what he knows best - personal accountability - it 's very easy to implement . The book comes with it and helps me ask great questions of me so I can avoid blame , and whining , etc. . QBQ ! has worked its way into our culture and we talk the language . It 's by far an away the best piece on personal accountability out there . Brief , full of stories , and easy to read . A five star for sure !!!
 As a trainer in a 5-star hotel , I have to constantly face whiny staff . This book gives me the tools to teach personal accountability to these people . Thank you Mr. Miller !
 QBQ ! is on practical book . It teaches how to ask better questions of self to get rid of blame and victim thinking . Perfect for training and with groups if personal accountability is an important idea to you . The author John Miller is an amazing speaker . We had him into our firm ... wow ! The stories he tells and that are in the book about Jacob at the Rockbotoom Restaurant , Judy at Home Depot , and Bonita the flight attendant are terrific . Every story makes me think `` How can I be more like this person ? '' In the end , QBQ ! is a read that does n't take long but stays with you a long , long time .
 The QBQ ! has truly made a difference for me . Now with the new Putnam hardcover out , it 's a classic that will stand proudly on my shelf , but it wo n't get dusty ! As the author writes about how to dispose of the Blame Game , I find myself looking hard at me and my business . Changing my old habits of finger pointing and victim thinking has been near impossible till I read QBQ ! Miller teaches how to take personal accountability by learning to ask more effective questions of myself . He calls them the Questions Behind the Questions - or QBQs . It 's a practical approach to practicing personal responsibility and ownership and the book is loaded with fun stories that stay with you . Five Stars all around and SIX Stars for the new hardcover !
 I found out about QBQ ! at work . I found it to be a wonderful program and have done my best to use it at work and in my personal life . It is n't always easy with all the ` down on life ' people that I come in contact with and all the horrible customer service that I encounter . Truthfully , I 'd like to just carry around a box of QBQ books and hand them out every person that I come in contact with ! I think that the whole world should read this book , if they did I think that we 'd see some very positive changes around us and get rid of the blame and finger-pointing ! Personal accountability is what we need and QBQ ! nails it !
 As a supervisor in the Addictions and Criminal Justice Field , I often find staff imbued with cynicism and negativity . These fields have been marked by significant changes in the past decade.Complaints about the lack of resources , changing relationships , new technology abound.Historically it has been easy for me to join in with the mob and focus on how awful and unfair things are.As a counselor I know how hard it is for people to change their thinking patterns - and even though I know how to help others change their thinking patterns , I have often had trouble myself challenging my `` thinking errors . `` Then I read John 's book . And it is amazing . John gets to the root of the issue not by asking the reader to analyze their pattern or the roots of their issue but by having the reader shift their behavior - shift your behavior by focusing on the words - specifically the questions - you ask.After my second - or maybe third read - I have a heightened sense of the `` lousy questions '' that pepper conversations , discussions and negotiations with colleagues . -LRB- Its almost like , unconsciously people want to be a victim -RRB- . This quick read contains so much grist for thought - each time I read it I recognize more ways to step up to the plate an practice personal accountability.Get this book - read it a couple of times and see for yourself!Thanks John !
 Normally , I have a fair amount to say after reading a book . In the case of this one , not so much . Mostly because it 's stuff I 've long believed , lived , espoused . -LRB- Although I do have my own version of how to approach things , RBR , or Reason Behind the Reason , which deals with causation and acting gracefully in response to someone 's limitations . -RRB- The concepts are simple , and for me , summed up in the title of my review . Anyone who has any experience with yoga , who has entered into that philosophy needs no further explanation.Well done to Mr. Miller ; this is a great contribution not just to the business world , not just to the self-help community , but to society at large ; what 's here is the sort of ` enlightenment ' that was ` common sense and good manners ' a century ago.Namast&eacute;.Personal rating
 QBQ has been a great spark for my school . On top of crazy schedules and in depth curriculum work we needed to get a grip on getting our school out of a rut of ho hum and its not my job . QBQ provided a fast , motivational read for the staff that reminded us of the bigger theories but did n't bog us down in `` academic jargon '' and lofty dissertations with $ 100 words . It was refreshing for us to hit the `` reset '' on our personal accountability with each other and our students . It certainly can spring board into deeper discussions and processes but you have to have a start some where ! The straight forward examples can find its way through the sometimes dense attitudes of people . Anyone who ca n't see the opportunity to start with themselves after reading this book would n't make the effort to read any theory about self improvement .
 The QBQ is a great read for team and personal responsibility . When an organization begins to feel stressed it 's time to refocus , look inward and turn the outcomes around .
 I bought this for me and my customer staff . It was a quick read with a lot of substance . It truly does apply to both work and life .
 This book was handed out to our management team . It is a great common-sense approach to getting things accomplished in work and life by trying to get past the negative things and working on what you can do to make it better . It had great real-life examples .
 I Love this book ! It is a very short and to the point read . As a Sales Manager , I found great value in what John Miller had to say and I have given many copies as gifts to other newly promoted managers .
 I purchased additional copies of this book to share with my co-workers . My company would like to see all of us take personal accountability for our own growth and development and QBQ is a terrific resource to help us understand personal accountability .
 This book can be read in one sitting easily and gets right to the point . If you were ever wondering why others act the way you do , this book will quickly make you understand why you need to let those thoughts go and just worry about your own actions . Great read for ANYONE !
 QBQ is an easy read with an excellent message . Simply what can you do to improve the situation ? As an instructor for career training I often see women who have fallen into the trap of victim thinking . This book simply and clearly directs you towards personal responsibility . I love it ! Be the star , provide a product or service that actually serves ! That is the key to business -LRB- and personal ! -RRB- success ! Go that extra mile and thrive . Stop complaining about the reasons why you ca n't , and start creating ways that you CAN!Worth reading !! Laure GillReborn Rooms Training Center -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This book counters the prevailing mindset of blaming others in today 's culture . Most people have witnessed when churches do poorly , whatever is judged to be poor , typically this is a decline in numbers or contribution , there is a mindset to look for the problem or person to blame . Often the mentality is to assign blame to someone or some group . Typically the elders will blame the minister , the minister will blame the elders , and around and around we go . This book deals with this issue of blame . Instead of asking who , we are to ask `` what can I do to help the attendance , or `` How can I be more evangelistic . '' The book deals with taking responsibility for situations . The easy solution is to blame , the mature solution is to fix the problem yourself . This is a quick book to read , and the message is a great reminder to us all .
 This is the best book that I have ever read for both business and personal life . After reading the book , I had to read `` Flipping the Switch '' also ... just as great as QBQ . I have made this required reading for all the front line supervisors where I work . Everyone that has read it so far agrees `` Best Book Ever '' . Once you read it , you will have to recommened to everyone that you know . I even contacted a consultant who does teambuilding , soft skills , etc. training and told her she needs to add this to her recommended reading list on her website . Read the book and you will see what I am talking about . Good Reading to you !!
 QBQ is a great little book that encourages me to change the way I am thinking to be more positive and productive . I really enjoy inspirational books , especially quick and easy reads as QBQ is . I like to think that , for the most part , I am a positive person who likes to help other people . However , I do n't do or think that way all the time . This book gives the reader a great way to be able to think about how they can make a difference in all situations , just by asking questions and asking them in a specific way that will result in the biggest impact . It is so simple and easy to do . Using it will change the reader 's attitude as well as those around them . I am excited to implement this way of thinking into everything that I do and watch it transform the world around me .
 I like to collect books I 've read as a sort of `` badge of honor '' . But , they usually end up collecting dust after the first read . However , QBQ is different . I was amazed the first time I read it because , yes , it contains some `` common sense '' concepts , but they 're presented in such an articulate and entertaining way that they really send the points home . So many stories simply make me smile.I felt a profound change in my demeanor and attitude after reading this book because it really made me examine the way I thought and interacted with others . And every 6 to 12 months or so , I 'll start feeling like I 'm blaming others for things more than I should . I 'll pick up QBQ and read a few chapters -LRB- or just the whole thing again ! -RRB- and will feel `` refreshed '' . I love one thing John wrote about in the middle of the book too regarding `` there 's probably someone you 're thinking about who should read this book '' -LRB- paraphrasing -RRB- . It was true ! Although I know it helps me , there are certain people I interact with who would benefit from it greatly ! In all honesty , anyone and everyone can benefit from this . Plus , it 's so affordable and such a quick , entertaining read , how can you not afford to own it?Lastly , I 'd like to plug the QBQ Twitter feed and e-mail subscription . The QBQ concept is laid out beautifully in this book , but John sends out occasional e-mail stories exemplifying the QBQ mentality . It 's a great way to keep QBQ fresh and alive . Great stuff !
 Questions are indeed powerful tools for personal and professional discovery . Unfortunately , far too many people truly do not understand the real questions to ask themselves.In this book , QBQ ! The Question Behind the Question What to Really Ask Yourself , Practicing Personal Accountability in Business and in Life , John G. Miller through the use of personal observations show the power of questions and their answers . Beyond being an easy read and quick one as well -LRB- less than 120 pages in bigger print -RRB- , Miller paints in 39 short chapters how to eliminate blame , complaining and procrastination.The author states the essence of QBQ is all about making better choices through better questions . Just think how that could affect your life ? Would you have less resistance by your children to customers ? Would you actually have more of your desired results ? Imagine the possibilities?I personally enjoyed Chapter 24 where the author encourages people to leave organizations they no longer believe in . Chapter 25 looked at the power of one because change begins with I or me and not with we . If you want to be noticed , to stand out in the crowded business world , to be The Red Jacket in a sea of gray suits , then in my opinion , this book should be in your personal library and reread on a regular basis .
 This book is absolutely outstanding ! Which is funny as that 's the tile of Miller 's knew book - Outstanding ! 47 Ways to Make Your Organization Exceptional . I got QBQ ! from a friend and could not put it down . Miller is so on point with his core message of personal accountability and how to get rid of blame . I am so sick of the finger pointing in this country and my organization . Every day we hear `` Who dropped the ball ? '' and `` Who screwed up ? '' and `` When are we gon na get better people ? '' and `` Why do we have to go through all this change ? '' The QBQ ! author really nails it when he teaches how to ask The Question behind the Question which are questions that lead me to greater ownership.It 's not about doing other people 's work at all , it 's really all about being so excellent that I rise above the pettiness and victim thinking that is so prevalent in our world today . QBQ ! and the other book `` Flipping the Switch '' are so practical and quick reads . Great stories , too . I love the Home Depot story and the Rockbottom Restaurant story too . The ware amazing word pictures that help me remember the material and apply it at work . I even use QBQ ! at home , as a parent and a spouse . Personal responsibility seem to apply everywhere . And the more I use QBQ ! as a measuring stick , I find sometimes I measure up and other times I do n't . And that 's ok , because that 's when I know it 's time to learn and as Miller says , Learning Equals Changing . Bottom line , QBQ ! helps me work on the only person I can change
 The book of the week was QBQ ! by John G. Miller . Fascinating little read ... QBQ Stands for question behind the question . It focuses on what questions are really important and gets away from questions that issue blame or help you put off what should be done . Something I found quite interesting about this book was it was just over a hundred pages yet it had nearly 40 chapters . Each chapter in the book was a small story that showed what happens when the right questions are asked.Miller really knows how to tell a story . The book in incredibly easy to read and hard to put down . Some examples of `` bad '' questions are : - `` Why do n't customers follow instructions ? '' - `` Who made the mistake ? '' - `` Why does n't anyone else do as much work as me ? '' - `` Why do n't I get paid more ? `` Some better questions to ask yourself would be : - `` How can I serve the customer better ? '' - `` What can I do today to be more effective ? '' - `` How can I be a more effective coach ? '' - `` What can I do to be more productive ? `` Notice anything about the second set of questions ? They start with How and What instead of Why or Who or When . They focus on `` I '' instead of them , they , or someone else . And most importantly they focus on action . To get ahead in this world there is only one person that can be changed , and that 's YOU . If you focus on asking questions dedicated toward making yourself better you will be much better off than someone that is asking questions about procrastination or complaining.Some of the stories in this book were very entertaining . One story that really incorporated the skills I try to push into people 's lives through this blog goes like this
 There is one word for both of Miller 's books - `` QBQ ! '' and `` Flipping the Switch ''
 Not only did I get the book , but I recently listened to him speak at a function in Keystone . He was actually daring enough to say something most are afraid to say
 We purchased around 18 books for all our employees to read and discuss . The reason we purchased this book , is we like the short chapters and the topics that are discussed.We want all our employees to know that they have a choice on what they do and not to use excuses for things that happen in their life.Being accountable is the first step and this is an excellent book to help us with this goal . From this book
 John G. Miller has a goldmine in this book ! If people followed his simple plan , there would be no more excuses - only results . This book nailed personal accountability . I could think of several people I 'd love to give this book to , and I highly recommend it . If you know any constant complainers , this is the book for them !
 Very easy reading , and useful . Many reviews talked about the contents and key messages in the book . Just want to add that this small book takes between one to two hours to finish , but it does help significantly in daily life . The idea is simple , but in life we all need some reminders from time to time . Highly recommend to all age readers , especially those struggling in the corporarte battlefiled .
 What makes this book easy and fun to read are the many stories that John Miller uses to illustrate his points.As a company trainer , I have incorporated the QBQ ! message into our Leadership training classes . It was a great addition to our training material and has been instrumental in achieving positive changes with many of our management staff . We also gave copies of the book to each of the 150 managers in our region.Other positive changes have happened in my personal life from reading this book . I am much more proactive in getting things done and less apt to blame . In addition , my teenage son , after having read the book -LRB- with some initial prompting -RRB- , seems to help out around the house with less complaining ! That alone makes it worth the price of the book!In short - this is a must-have book for any self-help library , professional or personal.Terry Schuman , Training and Communication Manager , Denver , CO
 I consult with companies who need to improve the way Information Technology supports their business . To get to a satisfactory conclusion of a project , I often have to help with team-building . I saw a review of the QBQ ! book and I felt it would help with the challenges I was facing at a recent client . I was right ! I bought a dozen and shared them with management and team members on a project . The team read QBQ ! and got the point about ceasing the blame-game and asking The Question Behind the Question . QBQ ! does a a good job of blending humor and insight into a useful tool for pointing out the how taking responsibility/accountability can put you back in charge of your life . I look forward to sharing QBQ ! with my other clients . It 's just so dead on to what people need today . A fast read too , under an hour . I 've now read it 3 times !
 This book is the best on accountability on the market today . The short chapters make it easy to read and I can use it at home and work . Miller teaches how to get rid of the blame and finger-pointing . His concepts are right on targt . We have bought hundreds for our firm . It 's a useable idea whose time has come - Personal accountability ! I love the concept of turning bad questions I ask into good ones so I wo n't be the victim anymore . As I move through the material , more and more I discover I need to read this book over and over again . I even keep mine with me - it 's a handbook on how to live life . When we had the author into speak , I realized he is very genuine and the content is for him , too . He even says that ! The QBQ ! book provides a way to be humble , work as a team , take ownership , be a better parent and professional , add more value , stop the blames ... it just really is an excellent and practical book .
 QBQ ! is clearly the definitive work on personal accountability and how to practice responsibility in one 's life in all arenas . It 's a one hour read with fun stories that teach us all how to ask better questions so we can live the life of accountability . In our organizaiton there is so much blame , victim thinking , etc. that when we miss targets and deadlines it 's just terrible . `` Heads will roll ! '' is often the mantra of the day . But QBQ ! is helping us turn that culture into one where people take ownership and are more creative by simply asking QBQs . Miller does an excellent job teaching and sharing with a pleaseant undertone of humor throughout . I highly recommend QBQ ! It 's an excellent study book for teams , too .
 From begining to end this book gives you lessons that are timeless . Read the book from front to back and then keep it handy when you need to freshen up on your own personal accountability . It is a quick read with alot of hard hitting points . I browse through the book once a month to keep myself motivated on the only person I can change -LRB- ME -RRB- .
 I 've heard this book recommended several times , and finally decided to get a copy for myself . I decided to order a used one , and am very pleased with the quality and price .
 I am involved in a marketing business , and our leaders bought a QBQ ! book for each person in the company . QBQ ! has really opened my eyes as to how to get things done in my life . The stories are terrific , it reads fast , and when I put it down I picked it right back up and read it again . The short chapters allowed me to read and put it into action and then go back for more .
 A great perspective on the world of personal accountability . We have purchased this for our teams to spread the message on accountability .
 This book really made me examine my own work philosophies and had me excited to start finding the QBQ for every situation - not just work . I found that , more often than not , I was asking the wrong question -LRB- IQ -RRB- . This book helps you to look inside and to take personal responsibility.I would recommend this book to anyone - literally anyone .
 Changed my professional AND personal life . Such a quick and easy read . Worth every penny and moment of time it took to read !
 Quick read , effective message for all organizations and individuals . Would recommend as a &#34; team study &#34; for groups and organizations as well .
 Very insightful things written within that I think will change my direction in my current job in a positive way .
 Thiught the author did a good job of presenting alternative thought processes to stimulate alternative results . He presented a no nonsense , easy to follow formula to promote productive reponses to everyday problems we all face .
 Love it . This is a replacement copy . I give this book away on a semi-regular basis . Fast service , good product .
 A short quick read - can finish it in a few hours or less . One of the best books anyone can read no matter what their profession .
 After seeing this book on the shelf or the Assistant Principal at one of the middle schools here , I thought needed to read it . It came in a CD which allowed me to listen to it on the way to work . This piece offered great direction . Would love to hear more from him .
 This book is fabulously simple -LRB- and genius -RRB- . The focus is personal accountability , and how to look at yourself before looking outward to place blame on others . Any workplace that is willing to dedicate the time to turn these practices into habits will see an immense boost in productivity .
 QBQ is a great book and is very easy to read . After reading the book I ordered 10 other copies . I am in the military and make my subordinates do a book report on the book once they arrive to my unit . It has improved productivity for each service member and for our unit as a whole . Instead of someone saying `` That is not my job you need to see so and so . '' They say `` Sure I can help with that '' and service is provided immediately.If you are not in the military but do have a job I think this book will help at any rung in the corporate ladder . If you are an employee and have the attitude expressed in the book you will move up very quickly . If you are on top of the ladder and get your employees to read this book their productivity will increase and make your company more profitable.I personally think this book has made me a better boss , a better husband , and a better person in general.Great work Mr. Miller .
 John 's main theme that he focuses on , through a number of short chapters/stories is on eliminating blame , complaining , procrastination and complacency . Its about stepping up in both your personal and career taking accountability , charge and action . Below are excerpts of some key learnings : - Action , even when it leads to mistakes , brings learning and growth . Inaction brings stagnation and atrophy.-Action leads us toward solutions . Inaction at best does nothing and hold us in the past.-Action requires courage . Inaction often indicates fear.-Action builds confidence ; inaction , doubt.-Humility is the cornerstone of leadership.-Leaders are not problem solvers , but problem givers.A very inspiring and quick read on personal accountability . Highly recommended .
 QBQ serves as a concisely eloquent reminder of effective big-picture problem solving techniques . Personally , QBQ was a little literary common sense slap in the face
 Only read QBQ if your goal is to become a better human.If you are looking to find a key to making your life a lot less stressful , and making everybody in your life aware of a serious change , look no further than John G. Miller 's QBQ!Using the principles in this book on a daily basis has positively changed every single day for me at work . Im not exaggerating there . Being accountable for my actions and attitudes allows me to deal with problem customers , unmotivated coworkers , and even demanding bosses in a way that makes me happy to be at work -LRB- and I 'm in the service industry ! -RRB- This book is required reading for anyone that I coach or mentor . This book is so good that it gets better the second time around . And best of all , it can be read in an afternoon !
 `` Was that very QBQ ? `` QBQ is now a verb within my company and family . I first read the book in 2005 on the recommendation of my wife . I 'd been going through some significant career challenges and she gently pointed out that I was blaming everything and everyone for what was going wrong in my professional life . She was right , and what was holding me back was my typical `` hard-coded '' American obsession of always blaming someone or something for my predicaments and expertly not taking responsibility for myself . After one reading of the book , it got my attention . I then got the audio book and began listening to it in my car . Listening to it by myself in my car and then with my family . It is as applicable for business as family life , and I came to realize that it is an ubiquitous message that is appropriate for every fully functioning person in society ... no one is excluded unless you refuse to take responsibility for yourself in everything you do.Its simplicity is the genius behind the message . I think everyone knows the message but have been influenced so heavily by our culture of always blaming and complaining about someone or something else that hearing it presenting by Mr. Miller is a wake up call . It was a call to action for me and I truly credit it as a key tool that has helped me double the size of my business in the last 5 years . There 's no mystery about it . Once you commit yourself to become personally accountable for everything good and bad within your life , your potential is unleashed and success will find you.It 's a life-truth , there 's no way to fake it !
 I discovered John G. Miller while listening to The Dave Ramsey radio show . At the time , John was promoting his newest book - OUTSTANDING - 47 Ways to Make Your Organization Exceptional . His candor and wit quickly caught my attention and prompted me to order the book . Outstanding was excellent and compelled me to look for more of John 's material - hence my discovery of QBQ . Being an avid reader of business and motivational type materials , I do n't know how this gem has escaped my attention for so many years ! Shame on me!QBQ is an excellent book . I find John 's writing style unique in that when I read the materials I do n't feel like I 'm reading . I feel like I 'm having a conversation with a friend . This is extremely refreshing in the literary world in which so many authors seem to feel the need to talk way above the heads of their intended audience.Much like Outstanding , I finished this book in days . And then I read it again and again . I found so many take-aways that I could apply immediately to my life , both professionally and personally . Admittedly , I have spent a lot of wasted energy looking to lay blame for my misfortunes , `` bad luck '' , roadblocks , problems , and trials on others . I believe it is our human nature to do so . This book challenged me to cease such behavior and start asking myself a different set of questions such as , what can I do ? How can I make a difference ? What about ME needs to change?In a world filled with finger pointing , personal accountability is sometimes a bitter pill to swallow . It 's not always easy to look inward , instead of out . If you feel like you 're up to the challenge of changing the person you see when you look in the mirror , this book is a MUST HAVE ! If you really want to turn up the heat ... follow this book with John 's next title , Flipping the Switch.Enjoy !
 After reading a few pages , I 'm hooked . This book takes about an hour to read and has a lifelong impact . The title implies exploring other questions based on the original question . However , the real story is about personal accountability in work and life.Rather than doing what comes naturally for many of us and becoming defensive and pointing fingers , the book changes your mode of thinking from `` It 's his fault '' to `` How can I fix this ? '' For example , in a restaurant , a diner is waiting for his waiter to come to the table . He catches the attention of a waiter who says , `` This is n't my table '' and walks off . The diner can only hope the waiter went to alert the person who is responsible for his table.A waiter who uses QBQ thinking would help the diner rather than dodging the table just because it 's not his table . Such action has positive results on both the waiter and the customer.In another story , a cashier pays for the customer 's under $ 3 purchase as her register did n't have enough to provide change . This action resulted in the store getting 100 percent of the customer 's business.The book grabbed me and I applied QBQ thinking the day after reading it . It feels much better to take the QBQ route instead of responding defensively . Check the QBQ site for more examples and details -LRB- http://www.qbq.com -RRB- .
 This book was recommended to me by a new friend Rini from BP , and i love it . I read it just in a two hours flight -LRB- i am not a fast reader ! -RRB- , finishing it right when the plane landed , and i kind of feel very motivated and enpowered!In the simple similar tradition of One Minute Manager , Fish , and other simple to read business book , this one has one great idea about how we should ask questions.In a nutshell :1 . Begin with `` WHAT '' or `` HOW '' , and not `` Why '' , `` When , or `` Who '' .2 . Contain an `` I `` 3 . Focus on Action.So , instead of
 In The Question Behind the Question
 GREAT book ! QBQ -LRB- the question behind the question -RRB- is n't a blame book , or a self-flagellation book either ! As irritating as work can be at times , when blow-ups occur , this book gives you the tools to work thru these headaches , and dismiss the whining that can accompany tough situations . Similar in speed and impact to ` Who Moved My Cheese ? ' this book will stick with you long after you pass it on . And remember pass it on because you like it , not because you think others need it !
 This was a fascinating read because , as other reviewers have said , the change that comes over you when you read this book is gradual but decisive . It is true that a change in the language used often coincides with a change in attitude and action , and it was so with this book.I found as I read furthur on , I recognized myself in the negative questions or comments posed , and when I thought about what I could say differently to pose the questions or comments usefully rather than complainingly , I had trouble rephrasing them myself , but then said `` Aha ! '' as I read the author 's suggestions.This is almost more of a New Age / self-help book than a business book in some ways , because it is working to subtly change the way you pose questions to yourself . If you find yourself feeling powerless in any part of your life , I 'd recommend this book as a way of taking positive action and taking charge of your reactions to the world .
 Finally , a book without funny characters and parables . One with excellent content that can be applied . QBQ ! not only made me AWARE of the need for more personal accountability in my life at home and at work , but it showed me HOW to do it . Refreshing ! Miller helped me understand that too often I play victim by asking questions like `` Why does n't my company train me more ? '' and `` When is someone going to clarify my job ? '' I 've learned to pause and simply ask `` What can I do to develop myself ? '' and `` How can I adapt ? '' This is a book that wo n't let you down . It took me an hour to read ... and then I read it again - twice . Each time I picked up something new . Really enjoyed it ... and then I bought copies for my team and now we 're studying it together . Our training department is now using it for everyone ! And I 'm proud to say I found it first .
 In my opinion , this book is the definitive guide for personal accountability . If you are prone to viewing yourself as a victim , this book will shake you forever of the habit . Wonderful and useful questions to help you take responsibility for creating your own life . A definite must read . I also recommend Optimal Thinking -- How To Be Your Best Self as the definitive guide for personal and professional optimization . Optimal Thinking provides the best questions to help you make the most of the present moment , the most of your personal life and the most of your career . With personal accountability and optimization , you have all you will ever need .
 This is an exceptionally short and interesting book . I finished it within an hour . Ironcially that 's the beauty of it which is just so straightforward and well written that I can remember some stories/teachings long after I closed it , especially the story of the waiter asking his manageress to buy the author a diet coke in a restaurant that served only Pepsi -LRB- dare you challenge the company policy to satisfy a customer ? -RRB- , and the one of a Cinderella cashier in Home Depot who bought a $ 2 stuff for a rich man -LRB- the prince who would marry her -RRB- who got only $ 100 notes to keep customers from waiting too long . In short , well worths the price and the time , though QBQ and personal accountability to you -LRB- and me -RRB- may just be another marketing name , similar to the `` 5 Whys ? '' -LRB- asking `` why ? '' at least five times for every problem engaged -RRB- that Toyota , the excellent auto maker , had adopted for decades.Below please find some passages I like the most for your reference.I saw the angel in the marble and I chiseled until I set it free . - MichelangeloFocusing on what we dont have is a waste of time and energy ... Let 's ask the QBQ `` How can I achieve with the resources I already have ? '' pg 40 `` When are we going to hear something new ? '' is the wrong question . The right one is `` How can I apply what I 'm hearing ? '' - even if I 've heard it before . pg 42What can I do today to solve the problem ? How can I help move the project forward ? What action can I take to `` own '' the situation ? pg 46God grant me the serenity to accept the people I can not change , the courage to change the one I can , and the wisdom to know ... it 's me ! pg 79Leadership , more than anything else , is about the way we think . It 's a moment to moment discipling of our thoughts . It 's about practicing personal accountability and choosing to make a positive contribution , no matter what our role or `` level . '' A receptionist , an engineer , a sales person , a temp worker , a cashier
 As a district mgr in a retail firm , I find it necessary to stay on top of my personal accountability game . It 's easy - as John Miller writes in QBQ ! - to slip into blame and victim thinking . We have big goals and quotas and we all want to win , but it 's easy to ask the worng questions like `` When will others carry their weight ? '' and `` Why ca n't corporate support us more ? '' But then I work to create what Miller calls QBQs - questions that help me eliminate the blame and complaining . I begin to ask `` What can I do ? '' and `` How can I contribute ? '' and it 's amazing how fast I am refocused . We are using the QBQ ! training program with all our managers along with the book , and this whole concept of accountability is taking root . Our culture is changing and as we gear up for the end-of-year , it 's apparent that people are asking QBQs and we will have better results . I know I will . Miller 's book is a fast read , practical and humorous - I recommend it to any person or company wanting to really take personal accountability seriously .
 If you want to know how to get rid of blaming and finger-pointing in your company and life , read QBQ ! Anyone who rejects this material probably feels that blaming is the right approach in life . They probably routinely play `` victim '' in their life . And thought it is normal and human to blame and play victim , but as we 've brought QBQ ! into our culture we 've seen an amazing improvement in creativty and teamwork . Less blame = less fear . It 's making us a stronger organization . We actually practice the QBQ ! method of asking ourselves better questions so we can practice personal accountability . It truly is a Five Star book . So many on the market today tell silly fables , but not QBQ ! The stories are enjoyable and real and the message is right on
 I read John 's book 2 times . I try to read it about once a month because it talks of a subject we constantly have to remind ourselves about . That subject is Personal Accountability . In a world which is quick to blame others , find fault with others and pass problems along to others , this book causes one to view things in a much better , more helpful light.Then , I heard John speak at our convention . I was amazed at his great sense of humor and how he could teach this very important subject in such a way that it really hit home and made sense . I would reccommend him to any group looking for a great public and motivational speaker.Everyone should read the QBQ . I look forward to the QBQ2.Once you become personally accountable for everything in your life , stress becomes a thing of the past ... Great book!Margie Hopper -- Director , The Pampered Chef
 QBQ ! has transformed how I live my personal and professional life . I recommended the book to everyone I know and they all loved it . QBQ ! should be required reading for life !
 First of all , I ca n't believe how much this book accomplishes in less than 200 pages ! I mean , everyone talks about books that change your life , and while this one did n't do that , it did change the way I LOOK at my life . It helped me realize that I have the power to change the things I do n't like , or to make things better , both at my job and outside of the office . I highly recommend it to anyone who 's ever wasted time wondering why things are the way they are , instead of DOING something about it !
 I am a junior in college and absolutly love John Miller 's book . Although he is mainly in the corporate world , I found his material to be very pertinent to my life as a college student . We students , like most people , find many different people to blame for our problems ! Thanks John for your insight ! I am less stressed when I stop blaming others and start taking responsibility and asking , `` What can I do ? ''
 This is a must read for everyone in the world ! Take responsibility for your own actions and learn how to ask the better questions to get the better answers . That 's what QBQ is all about to me . It has changed my life because now I know what to ask and when to get the results I desire . I have no more blame , complaining in my life . Maybe a little procrastination still . -LRB- Well , I am human ! -RRB- I have a clear understanding of why I do the things I do ... It 's my choice not anyone else 's . I have QBQ ! to thank for steering me in the right direction !!!
 I attended a leadership seminar in Dallas Fort Worth and they gave each of us a copy of the book the first day . It was an easy read and so full of information , I loved it ! I 've now bought a dozen copies for my colleagues . I have just spent months wrestling with the idea of how to help end the lack of courtesy among our staff and the inter-departmental conflicts we seem to have in our organization . I had spent hours on-line and in bookstores and a couple hundred dollars buying books on conflict resolution . And yet , all I needed was QBQ ! Now I have a means to convey this information to my colleagues !
 This book does n't necessarily give you information you do n't already know , but it is a great reminder and is organized well .
 What a great book!I purchased it on Amazon 2/22/11 and finished it today 2/27/11 which is probably an all-time record for me as books I buy usually take months , if not years , to percolate to the top of my to-read list . This one , however , I seemed to keep getting prompts about in my other reading , Amazon searches , and of course regular mentions from Dave Ramsey . I 'm currently going through Financial Peace University with my wife and am doing some personal enrichment reading in that regard , including currently reading The Millionaire Next Door and listening to Thou Shall Prosper on audiobook . Hopefully that puts things into perspective.Having read quite a few business-related books in the last few years , what sets QBQ apart ? 1 . An ultra-sharply clear concept .2 . Broad usage potential , both in professional and personal life .3 . Super-fast readabilityThis is a 115-page book that reads even faster than that . Most chapters are 1-4 pages long , and not particularly dense pages at that . Each chapter reads as a mini article covering a specific item all of which revolve around the QBQ concept.What is that concept ? It 's simple
 Blaming others is a powerful source of unhappiness and bitterness . Blaming propagates victim thinking and victims feel pushed around by others and circumstances.John Miller 's book `` QBQ ! The Question Behind the Question
 Loved the QBQ book , it was a great read and really helped to put things in perspective both at home and at work ! I work for a Fortune 100 company and we contacted John and asked him to speak at a recent Leadership Conference that we held in November . John spoke for 90 minutes and knocked it out of the park ... he discussed a lot on what was covered in the book but took a more personal approach with the live audience . He was well received by everyone and we had nothing but positive feedback . Lots of good things going on as a result of our time with John !
 Very small boook ... Can read in one night , but you will want to read it over again , and again .
 QBQ ! The Question Behind the Question
 This was recommended by a coleague . While there is nothing earthshattering about this book , it is a simple yet excellent read on personal responsibility .
 The book offers good advice to make you think about how you choose to react to circumstances and interact with others . It is easy reading and the example cases are simple enough to relate to . The challenge will be putting the guidance to work in my everyday life .
 I love a couple of things when I pick up a book . I love when the title is clear and promises me something tangible -LRB- something of course that I care about -RRB- . And I love it when the book delivers . When the book is also written by a really smart person , who I 've had the privilege to work with a bit , it is even better.This book is all of these things.John G Miller , author of QBQ - the Question Behind the Question among others , has written a fast paced , easy to read and hard to put down book about making our organizations more ... outstanding!He accomplishes this with 47 short chapters with titles that make the lesson clear . Some examples include : Make No ExcusesDo What You PromiseBe FastBe Flexible
 This book was short and to the point . I 'd give it 4 out of 5 stars . It had a few really good nuggets that I hope to continue to brew about . The book , `` QBQ '' is question about the question , how to ask better questions and practice personal accountability.Here 's the points that caught my attention : Chapter 1 - A Picture of Personal Accountability , `` Make better choices in the moment by asking better questions '' - page 11 - good nugget.Chapter 4 - Do n't Ask '' Why '' , `` How can I do my job better today '' , `` What can I do to improve the situation ? '' , `` How can I support others ? '' - page 23 - I really like this last question and for me to focus on how to support others better . For me this includes not only my team mates , but also my family.Chapter 6 - `` Why Is this Happening to Me ? '' , `` Stress is a choice '' - page 27 `` Stress is also the result of our choices '' - page 27 - This was the key take away for me , stress is a choice . Period.Chapter 11 - When will we get more tools and better systems , `` succeeding within the box '' - page 39 - Very successful people figure out how to succeed within their box . I really liked this concept.Chapter 29 - The Risk of Doing Nothing , `` Action requires courage . Inaction often indicates fear . Action builds confidence ; inaction , doubt '' - page 85Chapter 31 - Leaders at All Levels , `` If we think like leaders , we are leaders . '' - page 93 - - - fake it until you make itChapter 32 - The Cornerstone of Leadership , `` As a leader , I 'm here to help you reach your goals '' - page 95 - I had a boss once that used this as her motto and it was refreshing , made me rethink how I manage others .
 It is always great to read John Miller 's books and QBQ is no excception . Personal accountability is SUCH an important topic , and John is right on when he demands that we take responsibility for our actions and consequences . Check out more of John Miller 's information at -LSB- ... -RSB- . Thanks John ! Great information!Warmly , Mary -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I got QBQ in the mail two days ago , and I have already read the book twice ! Every time I read it I found a new nugget of useful information . The book is very easy to read , the chapters are concise and to the point . To me that means each word has a purpose . The stories that John use to prove his point stay with you , and then John does a great job in connecting all the stories at the end.If you are looking for a book that WILL transform your life , your work , and your business this is the book for you .
 Fast , easy read . Relevant for anyone regardless of position . We added it to our reading list at work . It has created interesting discussions .
 QBQ is a great book . It is written to the person reading it only which makes it very unique.I have the audio and it is just a bit over a hour long.The first time I read this book , I had the paper version . I sat down with a cup of coffee to read a few pages.The next thing I knew , i had finished the book in one setting and had made a knew pot of coffee.This book is designed for leaders , but it truly helps every single person who reads it . I also think it is a sanity protecter . It changes the out look on life.It is also one of those that when you loan it , it often does not come back : -RRB- I tend to order a few when i see a sale on them . I have given them to a friends with work problems or even going through a divorce then never ask if they read it . When time goes those people always tell me that book is a life changer . It is an assest to any business owner too . Some companies buy every employee a copy and give them time on the clock to read it .
 Like many of the other books of this type , -LRB- short , pithy , thought provoking books about how to focus on issues at work and life -RRB- QBQ has several interesting points to make . It brings out valid and effective techniques to rethink situations that at times are challenging and are faced by most people . I really found it insightful and helpful for my own life .
 `` QBQ '' is an impactful book on success and running something succesfully.It is good to have answers . It is better to ask better questions . It is tremendously impactful and meaningful if you know the `` question behind the question '' -LRB- QBQ -RRB- . Most people can finish this book in one sitting . But , the meaning and lessons from the book can resonate for a long time.Good Things Indeed Comes In Small Packages.JR FelisildaAuthor of the book , `` Nanay
 It said it was an used book buth the reality was , it was barely opened . I loved it , awesome price . I went to a couple of bookstores and found it here on a great price , and it was deliver within the time said in the description . I recommended it .
 I bought this book a few years back and for it 's size it packs a lot of great inspiration . Changes the way you think about your surroundings , how you can change the world around you instead of expecting someone else to do it for you . It is truly amazing how changing your own look on life can change so much around you , your attitude , the people you work with , family , friends . Although you ca n't and should n't change or try to change the people around you , by changing how you look at the situations you are presented with everyday it tends to change the way people around you react . Thank you for writing such a great little book .
 I loved the book , it really gets you to think about how you question your judgmental thoughts and not even knowing they were judgmental to begin with !
 A great book for self improvement in several categories of your life . I would highly recommend everyone having this on their bookshelf .
 I liked this book so much I bought 6 more for my staff . Easy to read and very powerful . You will not regret purchasing it .
 This book is a paradigm changer . I wish I could give it more stars . If you are looking for a book that gives you answers , then this book is NOT for you . But if you want a book that helps you search out the answers from within yourself , this book is a must read.The QBQ is simple . The beauty of the QBQ is in its simplicity . It took me a little over an hour to read , and , in that hour , my life was changed for the better . I have read it at least another five times since then have given several copies away to co-workers , family members , and friends . It has positively affected our lives in several different areas.WorkI work in Corporate America , where the blame game is alive and thriving . When I discovered the QBQ , I became more productive . But , even better , I shared with the people that I work closest with , and now we work better as a team because of our shared belief in the QBQ.HomeMy wife is not a book junkie as I am . There are only a few books I 've been able to convince her to read with me and , you guessed it , the QBQ was one of them . And it has served us a a great parenting tool.SchoolWe have even made up a game to teach the QBQ to our children . Now they know that , when they are struggling at school , they better not come home blaming the teacher . Rather that mom and dad are going to ask them what the QBQ is , and then help them answer it . Then we help them and apply the answer to their lives . It has made a difference.As far as I am concerned , the QBQ is a classic that should be on every bookshelf in America . I hope this review helps . QBQ is truly one of my favorite books . After writing this review , I feel like going home and reading it again .
 I read about this book and had to have it . After receiving the book , I was completely satisfied with my purchase . The book was received in a timely manner and in the exact shape I expected .
 This book was not the easiest read , made me feel like I have never done any good in my whole life , which may be true ! Are there really people who live every moment like it is a race of life ? Oh yea , the Type A folks !
 This book was assigned reading when I began with Schwan 's in 2006 . I had left the credit card processing industry over frustrations with some of the companies I had worked with . I did not stay with Schwan 's , but kept going over this wonderful book.I tested areas of customer service including getting a waitress in an Outback to ask if I 'd like her to get me a Pepsi because the restaurant only served Coke.I went back to credit card processing , because I knew the industry so well . Long story short , I put the principles discussed in QBQ to action . Although dyslexic , I made the decision not to let it stop me from writing a book on credit card processing . That book hit the best selling list on Amazon after a great review from an industry magazine and now I have a column in that magazine to help others in the industry.Personal accountability seems to be obvious , but how many people have you seen that are all too willing to look to blame other people or medical conditions for their own shortcomings ? It is nice to have a book like this to remind us to ask ourselves the right questions to go where we want to go.Bill Pirtle Author ofNavigating Through the Risks of Credit Card Processing
 This is a short , simple to read book full of helpful information and presented in a light hearted way . It is very helpful in both my personal and work life .
 I do n't order stuff off Amazon too often because I am always worried it will take too long or something wo n't work out the way it 's suppossed to but this order went so smooth that it makes me want to order more often ! I got the book in the amount of time promised and it was in perfect condition and a really good deal ! Thank you !
 the book is amazing . I was dissapointed in the legnth of time it took to have the book shipped to me . 2 + weeks .
 Short & powerful . I bought a copy for all of our senior management , and they loved it !!
 I was introduced to the concept and power of personal responsibility about 17 years ago and have been a proponent and student of it ever since.I was introduced to QBQ ! by John Miller somewhat over a year ago.What I 've found to be true about John 's premise is that it is easily integrated into a personal or corporate philosophy.It has diminished blame , built , finger-pointing and generally feeling badly about things.Using the principles has been personally and professionally liberating.I 've introduced the book to friends and clients over the past year with results being uniformly positive.I recommend the book to anyone out to support themselves and others in having a life that works .
 I have read QBQ many times and feel it is the best book on personal accountability I have ever read . In my opinion the story illistrations make this very understandable both professionally and personally . It is not written about a position in a company , it is written for the people of the company . Being the President of a organization , I can see application to everyone .
 I wish someone had told me a while ago , `` Go out and buy and read this book ... It could have an instant , dramatic , and positive influence on your life . '' I did buy and read this great book , and it has begun to change my life in some very positive ways . In fact , I think so much of this book that I have shared it with my boss -LRB- who loved it -RRB- and we have bought it and shared it with everyone in our office.Miller 's common-sense approach to addressing the deeply personal and broadly universal character issue of personal accountability was both refreshing and enlightening . The book is a series of short , simple , and inter-related chapters that discuss or illustrate different thoughts and perspectives about personal accountability . The chapters contain many outstanding stories , anecdotes , and personal experiences of people making a difference through personal accountability . Many times I personally related to the questions and situations Miller presented.According to Miller , the essence of QBQ is making better choices in the moment by asking better questions . Instead of asking lousy questions that do not solve anything -- `` Why do n't they communicate better ? '' or `` Who dropped the ball ? '' or `` Who is going to solve this problem ? '' - Miller argues for questions that begin with `` What '' or `` How , '' contain `` I , '' and focus on action - `` How can I make a difference ? '' or `` What can I do to contribute ? '' Miller 's argument was a great complement to Stephen Covey 's first habit -LRB- of 7 -RRB- of highly effective people -LRB- being proactive ; being responsible for making good things happen in your life -RRB- and Viktor Frankl 's last of the human freedoms -LRB- being able to choose one 's attitude in any given set of circumstances -RRB- . Lastly , I believe Miller intended this book for individuals who are serious about introspection for the sake of character refinement and life improvement . I love challenges , and I took Miller 's words that follow as a constructive challenge that I have gladly accepted : `` Learning is not attending , listening or reading . Nor is it merely gaining knowledge . Learning is really about translating ` knowing ' what to do into ` doing ' what we know . It 's about changing . If we have not changed we have not learned . What have you learned today ? ''
 This book carries what I believe is hands down one of the most important characteristics of a successful individual . Eliminate Victim Thinking , Blame and Procrastination and you will live a much more successful and satisfying life . It is all about personal accountability and asking better questions ... Bad question = `` Why does this always happen to me ? '' Good Question = `` What can I do to make sure this does n't happen again ? '' In a modern world where time is money the more time you spend trying to blame , victim think or procrastinate the more time you could have spent doing something value added and making more money . The book is a very easy read , yet has so many truths that are buried in it . I would recommend this book to anyone that is looking for a nice , refreshing , easy read book with the real basics of winning over customers and receiving positive word of mouth traffic -LRB- the best kind -RRB- .
 Sent this to my daughter who is away out of state for college . She liked it .
 Marco have you actually read a single page of this book ? Controlling your anger is an almost impossible task . Please do n't comment on anything that you do n't have knowledge of . I have n't read the book yet , so i ca n't comment on this book .
 One of the most loving , kindness and compassionate books I have read in years , a must if you would like to know about the negativity and how to move beyond it .
 This book is over 100 pages long , however , the words are not printed on the front and back of the pages and it does n't actually read like a book . Instead on the front of each page there is a quote and each quote ranges from one sentence to a few sentences long . I love the book and I use all the extra margin space on each page to journal my thoughts about whatever quote is on that particular page . This book was my first exposure to this author and I have since bought more of his books .
 Breaks down the anger inside and reading often helps to reinforce methods to control anger.Fast delivery !!!
 This is a good guide to anger management but will be better understood if `` Living Buddha , Living Christ '' is read first . As with any self-help book it only works if you work it . The reader must really want to overcome anger and rage issues.Living Buddha , Living Christ
 I find that Thich Nhat Hanh is one of the greatest gifts to humankind.His words are simple however touch the core of your heart.I highly recommend all of his writings , very much worth the read .
 Many people in the west are not accustomed to Buddhism or the practices . Unfortunately , many of the so called religious people -LRB- christians , muslims , and jewish people -RRB- do not fully understand compassion , nor does their religion teach it completely and without dogma as Buddhism does . This book is a must have for everyone that has even been angry even once in their life . It outlines what many Buddhist practice and provides a clear and concise path to replacing anger with compassion .
 Found some nuggets that were helpful when dealing with difficult emotions , but would have liked more direct examples of how to handle difficult times .
 My therapist reccomended this book to me and I have found it quite useful in my daily life although many of my friends , acquaintances and family do n't seem to approve of some of the choices I 've made in my life .
 Actually I find it hard to comment on the author 's books with words other than the standard positive ones coz they are always as intelligent , bright , inspirational , helpful ... as they can be . I just keep do so to keep a record for my own reference . Pardon me . In short , recommended.Below please find some of my favorite passages for your reference.Every time you feel lost alienated , or cut off from life , or from the world , every time you feel despair , anger or instability , practice going home . Mindful breaking is the vehicle that you use to go back to your true home . pg 99If your house is on fire , the most urgent thing to do is to go back and try to put out the fire , not to run after the person you believe to be the arsonist . pg 107The reason we are foolish enough to make ourselves suffer and make the other person suffer is that we forget that we and the other person are impermanent . Someday , when we die , we will lose all our possessions , our power , our family , everything . Our freedom , peace , and joy in the present moment is the most important thing we have . But without an awakened understanding of impermanence , it is not possible to be happy . pg 119If it is your partner who is angry , just listen . Listen and do not react ... Do not listen for the purpose of judging , criticizing , or analyzing . Listen only to help the other person express himself and find some relief from his suffering . pg 159We can not enjoy life if we spend a lot of time worrying about what happened yesterday and what will happen tomorrow . We worry about tomorrow because we are afraid . If we are afraid all the time , we can not appreciate that we are alive and can be happy now . pg 179
 Great things to say in this book ... I was a little disappointed to find that it 's just a compilation of quotes from his other books -LRB- many of which I have already read -RRB- . It is just one quote per page ... felt a little gypped ... not a bad book for daily meditation though .
 This collection of aphorisms was my first introduction to the writings of Thich Nhat Hanh and I found the wisdom that he shares to be very profound . The book gave me a different and valuable new perspective on how to effectively deal with the complex emotions of anger and love , and I highly recommend this book .
 simply said whenever i am wrestling with a difficult energy or emotion i read a passage or two from this book and the intense energy i feel is relieved and i become to feel more at peace once again
 Thich Nhat Hanh is one of the most devout and peaceful men that one will ever have the pleasure of reading . A lifelong peace activist , Buddhist monk , and beacon of hope of in a dark world , `` Taming the Tiger Within '' is not unlike reading a few notes from the chorus of a monastery and hearing them at the same time.Essentially , Hanh is only telling us what we should already know and practice with ourselves and our loved ones in a tone of gentleness and love -- without a hint of condescencion . Many of us would ask , `` How can we actually return home after a busy , nettlesome day and not express our anger in immature ways , just to vent ? '' -LRB- privately , of course -RRB- . Hanh 's response is simple
 This book reiterates in a different and more pithy format -- one major idea on each page presented in a centered paragraph -- the same ideas that were presented in his other book `` Anger , Wisdom for Cooling the Flames . '' A very good book for getting anger under control using basic Buddhist philosophy , which is the practice of what Hanh calls Mindfulness , which means being present , aware and living in present time . I highly recommend this book for quick-tempered people , who wish they had their temper more under control.http : / / gaylealstrom.blogspot.com
 This book was inspiring , yet very short . I found that this title is n't one of Nhat Hanh 's better books ... but if it 's your first time with one of his titles than I would recommend it .
 Of all his books this remains my favorite and most often gifted . The book is comprised of short meditations , or thought examples , that stay with you and forces you to look inward on your own responses to situation while gently teaching that alternative responses are available . A well loved book by a favorite author .
 After reading `` Savor '' , I decided that I wanted to read more of Thich Nhat Hanh 's work . This book was perfect as I am working through some difficult emotions . The book is an easy read with thoughtful small meditations on each page . It can easily be read in one sitting but there are many of the meditations worth reading many times . It has helped me to realize that the emotions are natural and through mindfulness can be accepted , nurtured and a valuable lesson learned from them . Awesome work from an awesome master .
 Mindfulness practice is a path in which every step is a step of compassionate engagement with every aspect of your experience , whether walking , talking with a friend or working with the suffering and anguish that exists in our minds . Thich Nhat Hanh teaches us how to smile at every encounter with reality . I also recommend ` The Path of Mindfulness Meditation ' by Dr Peter Strong , an in-depth exploration of mindfulness meditation .
 I happened upon this book and have ordered 4 more to give to family members . Max Davis writes in a simply beautiful conversational style . I will reread it often . The last chapter is especially moving and I love the quote from Helen Keller -LRB- one of my favorites -RRB- .
 Ok so this is n't rocket science but the book is a valuable tool in an age when little things can wreak havoc in our lives . For some reason there is a bounty of small gems that I have found myself reading , and this is one . Just over 160 pages in length the lessons are common sense but well written . Nine chapters , from 1 When Life Happens 2 . Beyond Understanding 3 . Honest to God 4 . Two Quarters of Grace 5 . Nourishing the Soul 6 . From Disappointment to Reappointment 7 . All I. Need is a Miracle 8 Seven Power Tools for Changing Those Flat Tires In the Rain 9 Moving On.The 7 Power Tools are # 1 Though it may be messy , sometimes you have to step out into the rain and take control # 2 We all need help now and then , maybe someone just to hold an umbrella or call the police # 3 Stay calm , do n't panic ; things are rarely as bad as they seem # 4 Dont forget to clean up # 5 Stop under a sheltering tree or overhang # 6 Enjoy the journey and # 7 It 's ok if your spare tire does n't fit . This last one does n't have to do with my car -LRB- laughing -RRB- but the idea that some of us have that we are supposed to be perfect . I especially appreciate the authors HONEST admission on page 109 about miracles and his statement `` The plain truth is this
 If you or anyone you know are going through some challenging times , Max Davis ' book is for you . Through simple , yet powerful , stories and metaphors , Max shows you how to navigate all of life 's bumpy roads.Buy it for yourself or give it to someone you love . I did . You 'll be glad when you do .
 Max brings to life in everyday language the things we need to know to cherish everthing God gives us . He outlines the tools necessary to cope with an out of control world using real life perspectives . If you have someone you love ; buy them this book . God will bless them and you .
 This is a very inspiring book for dealing with life 's issues . I read his other book `` Desperate Dependence '' and enjoyed it so much that I am reading it again , which prompted me to order his other published books . I will probably read this one again . I will definitely keep this book in my library .
 I bought this book to get free shipping -LRB- because it was4 .99 -RRB- I lucked out what a great book !! I could not put it down.I hope max davis writes more books ...
 I bought this book after hearing the author speak about it on NPR . I have since re-ordered and am online to re-order again as friends who found it on my coffee table could not put it down . It 's far more than the clever concept even promises . The author essentially takes you on a journey through literature and you 'll see words in an entirely new light .
 Can be enjoyed on so many levels . It is fun and scholarly . This is not a ` dry ' little dictionary , but an adventure through facts you knew , but had forgotten -LRB- `` E '' is the Roman Numeral for 250 -RRB- ; obvious , but had n't thought about -LRB- how prominent the letter `` E '' is in our electronic world -RRB- ; or just did n't know -LRB- most of Emily Dickinson 's poems begin with the word `` I '' -RRB- . Like me , my friends are surprised at what an entertaining and thoughtful book Mr. Conley has written . Ca n't wait for his next one .
 I borrowed this book from a friend and realized there is much more to it than a once-through read . It is filled with great literary references , spun together by a clearly erudite scholar . I purchased my own and highly recommend it to anyone who has an appreciation for language and/or literature !! FIVE STARS are not enough !!
 I 'm not legally blind , but I could really understand it and identify with the struggles she endured in being different throughout most of her life . The writing style is so engaging and easy to read that it feels almost like conversation . Just when you have a question , the answer appears . Marla 's dry wit is refreshing and intelligent . There is no pity party here!Marla has really struggled in life and sport . She continues to learn and perservere as a person and athlete and that is what makes a champion in life and on the track . I ca n't wait to see her medal in Athens at the next summer olympics . I 'm a better person and athlete after reading her story .
 One can never truly understand a piece of literature , much less an autobiography , without actually becoming that person . In this case , one may `` understand '' that Ms. Runyan had a painful and frustrating past , but since we are not that ones that experienced it , we do not truly understand . Being blind takes away from you just as much as it gives . You take on a completely unique perspective on life ; you take nothing for granted , and take great pleasure in the small things that make life worth living . Ms. Runyan , you will win a gold medal in the Olympics .
 Ever felt like you were against an impossible challenge ? Read this book and you will feel like you are able to do anything you put our mind to . Great story and wonderfully written . Truly enjoyed every page .
 As a Penn State freshman and one who grew up hearing of Joe Paterno only infrequently , this book was a satisfying and appropriate introduction to the living legend Head Coach of Penn State football . On the forieth anniversary of his position as Head Coach , and his 55th year as a Penn State coach , it is fitting that Fitzpatrick 's book be published now.With the Nittany Lions back in position to possibly even play in the Rose Bowl -LRB- and even if not the Rose Bowl , definitely some type of bowl game -RRB- , assuming Penn State beats Michigan State this weekend to capture our second Big Ten title and Bowl Championship Series bid . With `` Happy Valley '' happy again and our Nittany Lions ranked # 4 in the nation with what should have been a perfect 10-0 season thus far , had it not been for poor officiating in the Oct. 15 game at Michigan , this text highlights Paterno 's career up to this point for anyone interested - and everyone in State College should be.Although this is not an `` official '' biography and even though the author failed to secure more than one personal meeting with Paterno himself , the book is still a fascinating read due to the vast amount of background material Fitzpatrick was able to glean off various other sources and accounts.It 's a fast , fascinating and if nothing else , satisfying read . Pick up your copy now if you have n't already . Joe Paterno is still king of Penn State football , even as he turns 79 this December . It 's time people got to know the man of character , morals and determination again .
 This is a must read for anyone interested in understanding what leadership is all about . In a profession where winning is everything and a world where loyality and tradition are no longer valued , this book chronicles what happens to a highly successful Division 1A football coach when he is no longer winning games.This book was written before the successful 2005 season for the Penn State football program and Joe Paterno being named AP Coach of the year on his 79th Birthday ! All the more reason to read.I think this book is an inspiration for Oldies everywhere . Many people who experience what Joe Paterno went through in the Autumn of their careers , will identify with the choices that he faced when he was no longer valued and respected after a long and successful career.In this world of Free Agency , Joe Paterno is a throw back . This book reminds us that Values , Principles , Tradition , and Loyalty are what really matter ... even in today 's world .
 It is fall
 This book was a great read . It is an inspring book on leadership while telling the story of one of the most legendary college football coaches of all time . Aside from being a great and accomplishing coach , we also read about the passion and effort Joe Paterno put into making Penn State one of the most respectable college institutions in the country . It is through his tireless devotion that Penn State has one of the best football programs in the country while maintaining one of the highest graduation rates as well.I highly enjoyed reading the historical flashbacks in Paternos career . It gave me a glimpse of who he was and how ambitious of a leader he was . It showed how he cared for his students/players and how he cared for the institution in which he represented . This drove him to become the selfless legend that he is today . What was a little less enjoyable were the chapters on the week to week football games of the season being discussed . I found myself skimming quickly through those chapters . In addition , I was a bit disappointed that the season chosen was the 2004 season which resulted in a losing season . A sequel should have been written the next year as history shows that the Lions bounced back and had a great season.Overall , this was a great book as it teaches us a great deal of leadership qualities . In a commercial age where many leaders are driven by money and ego , it is nice for a change to read about a humble leader who cared only about winning and achieving success on a year to year basis with the same team/school for over four decades.I highly recommend this book to anyone interested in being inspired and motivated .
 I thought the book was very good . Would recommend it to Penn State fans as well as any other football fans .
 ok , get past the fact that this is a book written by a sports writer , and understand there will be one or two malaprops and one or two missed typos . it 's actually fairly well written . more importantly , it gives us something rather unusual
 The book `` The Lion in Autumn : A Season with Joe Paterno and Penn State Football '' is a good book to be read by a Penn State football fan . The book takes you through the Nittany Lions 2004 season where they finished the disapointing season at 4-7 . The book travels through the rough season with an inside look at Penn State football . Week by week the book takes you in depth into what happened during the 2004 season . The book goes in chronological order game after game with recollections of Nittany Lion football pasts along the way . At the end of the book there is an afterword about the Lions next season whre they went 11-1 and finished 3rd in the country . I recommend `` The Lion In Autumn '' to any Penn State football fan who is looking for something to read .
 I just finished the book a couple of days ago and as it settled it my mind , two impressions came over me.One is that there is a big part of Joe Paterno who still feels deep inside that he is not as good as his rich college classmates at Brown and how he has to prove to them that he belongs.The second is that while Saint Joepa Paterno can talk all he wants about the excesses in college athletics , he is not willing to forgo any of the excesses that reward him . You do n't see him turning away any of the huge salaries or the other luxuries , do you.Paterno comes across as a control freak , if he is trying to prepare his players and assistant coaches for the outside world , why does he restrict acccess to them so tightly.I am a big sports fan of college and pro sports but I have major issues with people glorifying coaches the way they do . They are just athletic coaches . They are not helping solve the problems of the world , just entertainers.Joepa also comes across as humorless , a man who takes himself way too seriously.It is a shame that Fitzpatrick was denied access to so many sources . It would have been interesting to find out why Joepa 's son is unwilling or able to get a job on his own instead of depending on Daddy.As noted above , Joepa was influenced greatly by his days at Brown . I would have loved to learn how in the world an Italian kid from Brooklynin the 40s made it to the Ivy League.This is not a puff piece on the man , that is a great accomplishment by the author .
 Well , I thought it was an excellent book but after reading nearly 10 of his books , it was very strange for me to read his book that 's not related to something medical . Although , it 's not a surprise that he ventured out to write something other than medicine because we all know how great of a writer he is and how intelligent he is . After the initial shock , it was just like his other books , just could n't stop reading it .
 In spite of all the negative reviews i really liked it . Is it as well written as his previous books ? No , but is it a page turner ? Yes . Perfect for a flight or on the beach . The end sure is a twist . Lighten up everyone .
 This was totally different from Robin Cook 's other books , and I really liked it . It was fast moving and very entertaining . I read it in a day and a half . Like his other books I was not disappointed .
 I can see from the other reviews that this is not an especially loved book by the crowd accustomed to Cook 's medical thrillers , but I think this is his best book yet . For one of his first attempts in the world of sci-fi , this is amazing . The sheer believability of it , despite the mythical theme , was enough to keep me reading for six hours straight - including two meals , an hour-long car ride , four complete CDs and half an hour of radio . I have been an avid reader of Robin 's books for several years now , and have read every book he has had published up to date . I found this a refreshing break from reality . On another note , if you would like to read a much less sophisticated book with a similar underlying theme , I suggest Sang Spell by Phyllis Reynolds Naylor .
 I just finished this book and then read some of the reviews . Unlike everyone else , I liked it . I stayed up late dying to see what was going to happen . I 've read many other RC books also . I thought it was great , and I recommend it to anyone with an open mind and who does n't stereotype Cook as just a `` medical author '' .
 Loved it best book I have read in quite a while . Will definitely recommend to others . Ca n't wait to read more
 I love novels about things that could happen , no matter how impossible they may seem . Not particularly well written , but the intriguing story line makes up for the overuse of the word
 I 've read a bunch of Robin Cook 's medical thrillers , most of them good , some better than others , he 's a good writer . I 've never thought of them as five star books . I downloaded the audio book of `` Abduction '' read by Dick Hill , and had no idea what I was getting into . -LRB- I did n't read any book liner info -RRB- It starts with a very tedious set-up - kind of boring , then excels into a great masterful Sci-fi drama that blew me away.I thought Cook did a great job of making something so fantastic - plausible . After awhile you just go with it . I do n't read much sci-fi , so this story was very original for me . I would hate to tell anything about the story , would n't want to ruin it for you . Just read it , it 's the best story I 've read from this author . 5 stars .
 I LOVE THE STORY BUT YOU MISREPRESENTED IT AS AN AUDIO BOOK . DUE TO THAT I AM VERY DISAPPOINTED . THE BOOK IS GREAT , AMAZON SERVICE IS NOT .
 I had read this years ago , and did n't remember for sure till the ending ... A bit different for Robin Cook . Still a FAN !
 Thsi has to get 4 stars because it is plausable.I found it wonderful fodder for a sci-fi movie -LSB- I love scifi movies -RSB- and it impresses me that Robin Cook is galactically creative as to write sci-fi as well as medical thrillers , -LSB- and do a great job on both -RSB- what a combination ! The ending was totally unexpected and definitely possible .
 I 've read every one of Cook 's books ; he is after all quite prolific ... But having seen the reviews on here first , maybe my expectations were low . Surprise -- I liked it a lot ! OK , maybe it was pure escapism , but I found it a welcome switch from the medico-suspense genre typical of Cook -LRB- ala Sphinx , showing another side of Cook 's dexterity and topical brilliance -RRB- . Admittedly not a sci-fi dabbler at all , I found the adventure underwater , followed by the discovery -LRB- albeit , via abduction -RRB- of Interterra '' -LRB- Utopia -RRB- quite amusing . His `` explanations '' of various scientific mysteries at least bordered on possibility -LRB- hey , this is fiction after all ! -RRB- , including the story of Atlantis and similar phenomena . I did think the ending was a bit abrupt ; I might have voted 5 stars if he could have handled that a little better . In fact , I 'd argue the escape element near the end was virtually the only segment of the book with little or no plausibility.Anyhow , I enjoyed . While I often criticize Cook for his unbelievable action -LRB- as opposed to premise or plot -RRB- , his vivid imagination is in fine form here for an `` airport '' paperback .
 If you are thinking `` typical Robin Cook '' you wo n't be able to appreciate this book . But if you just read without those expectations I think you will enjoy this new type of story with Robin Cook . I could n't put the book down ! It was so unlike anything I have ever read ... very creative . I was sorry to reach the end of the book . What an adventure ! More please , Mr. Cook .
 I eagerly await Robin Cook 's novels , although this one was not written in his usual style . `` Abduction '' is more of a sci-fi thriller and I enjoyed it immensely.The ending was excellent.I do hope his next book `` Shock '' will be in tune with a medical thriller novel .
 One of the things that I find is that when someone has either a favorite author or has read several of one authors books they tend to place him or her in a box . Dr. Cook writes , and I have read only one , medical books , and he is good at it . He 's a doctor after all . We tend to expect a certain type or style from an author . It is why we read them , we know what they write about . Toni Morrison , Clive Cussler , and many other well know writers write in a style that we know about before we pick up the book . When an author strays from the well known path that people expect they sometimes get upset because the image that they receive back from the mirror does n't match what they expected . I bought this book because it was bombed by several people who stated right off the bat that they were fans or had read much if not everything Cook had written . I give Dr Cook a big atta-boy for this book . He 's in a brave new world with his writting . Sure its weak in spots and predictable in others , but I enjoyed it for I was n't hung up on past books by him . If you can read a book without presupposed ideas it can be enjoyed . I liked the ending and thought it was an original twist . To the fans of Robin Cook I say , `` do n't worry , he 'll be back . '' And to people who have n't read him I say , `` sit back and enjoy the story , it 's lite and fun to read . '' Life is too long and hard to spend most of the trip looking for the ruts !
 Let 's start from the beginning , first , if you read this book and you expect a medical thriller like
 In reading some of the other reviews , I was surprised to see how many people either completely loved this book , or felt it was totally unenjoyable . I am one of the definite fans . Sure , the book is not based on reality , but that is what makes it so fun . The notion of a whole other world beneath the ocean is , at best , preposterous . BUT , you must read this book solely on the notion of fantasy . I found it very engrossing , and read it in two sittings . The book is both charming and suspenseful . If you like The Twilight Zone , you will appreciate the ending . It has a nice twist.If you are looking for a medical thriller , which is the normal genre for Cook , this may not be the book for you , but if you enjoy Cook 's style and ability to keep you in suspense , then I recommend you read it . To sum it up , it 's a science fiction fantasy thriller , that will keep you pleasantly entertained for hours .
 I found the book definitely up to the quality of excitement that one always finds in Robin Cook 's books . I am always intrigued by the titles and ca n't wait to find out their meanings in his books . Although the title/book was self-explained early , I felt it still met the suspense of his previous books . What is wrong with a medical doctor reaching beyond his profession . I found that comment a little surprising from one of the top reviewers .
 Robin Cook 's books are normally a good read and I enjoy them . Have read about everything that he has written.This book is as good as it gets . It is a good read for those who like novels with a medical background and mystery and suspense involved.Cook is able to capture our attention very quickly and does not let us go until we have finished.Enjoyed it.J . Robert Ewbank author `` John Wesley , Natural Man , and the ` Isms ' ''
 I enjoyed this book . Great imagination . The characters were well developed , and I could feel their pleasure and their discomfort . I 've read many of Cook 's books , and this is one of his best . I was , however , disappointed with the ending . And then I realized , Dr. Cook has set the stage nicely for the sequel . I 'll be one of of the first to buy it !
 I coulldnt set it down it was a nice change from Robin 's usual books I ca n't belive it 's got such bad reviews I WOULD DEFINATLY read this book ! He discribes this other world so well that I really felt as if I was right there with the charecters . READ THIS BOOK ignore the other bad reviews
 I began reading Robin Cook books when I was in junior high , and have since been addicted to them . I was looking for something I had n't read to take with me on vacation , and picked up Abduction . Because I 'm a Robin Cook fan , I was hesitant to read something other than a medical murder mystery , but I was definitely taken in by Abduction.The opening of the book takes you out to the sea , where scientists are drilling through the earth 's core . All of a sudden there is a halt in the drilling due to a bit breaking , and the scientists and divers are forced to go deep below the ocean to examine the problem.As the plot evolves , the divers and scientists are `` abducted '' by a mysterious force ; they find themselves in a cave -LRB- below or above the earth ? you 'll find out ! -RRB- , only to come a huge metalic door . They open it , and are put through a series of purification processes that appear outer-wordly and completely advanced.They soon learn that they have been taken by a society living underneath the earth 's core , a utopian world not unlike Eden where everything seems possible . Everything , however , seems too perfect . The sci-fi thriller ends with a surprising , though somewhat predictable , conclusion.Although I agree that the characters are pretty stereotypical -LRB- and even a bit prejudice if you ask me -RRB- , this book has a good moral to it . If you 're looking for a quick beach-side read , this is for you . If you 're a huge Robin Cook fan , this is for you . If you 're looking to read a good Robin Cook novel , do n't start with Abduction -LRB- try Coma -RRB- .
 InterTerrans Just wan na have fun ! -LRB- Cindy Lauper Song Playing ... -RRB- Please Abduct ME ! . Interesting Sci-Fi story about a super advanced , primarily peaceful civilization that lives underneath the surface of the earth were they migrated to billions of years ago to protect themselves from extinction ... Suzanne , Perry , Donald , Richard and Michael are the main characters in this novel , together with fellow InterTerrans Arak and Sufa who serve as their guide to this mysterious yet inviting world they have been abducted into.The story move along at a very enjoyable pace , at time slow specially towards the second half were it tends to become repetitive . Perhaps the only weak side to the story and the book as a whole is the personality given to Richard and Michael , two deep-sea divers who seem to have the brains of 12 year olds yet have manage to somehow go through the navy and keep stressful and demanding jobs ... these two characters behave in ways I have never seen or heard of anyone behave and it is such it becomes annoying and completely unbelievable as real characters . I can bite on the Sci-Fi bullet given the premise of the story but you have to pass the `` real '' human characters as real enough to be credible.The story has a very interesting side to it , and it is that it makes you appreciate the world and the society we live in even more , even when compared to a `` perfect world '' almost `` heavenly '' and rid of all decease , war and even death ... it also brings to our attention a few environmental issues that when put against the light of this incredible but true comparison of worlds and societies , become ever more apparent and important.A good , healthy , clean and entertaining read with a great plot , no loose ends and fantastic ending.Enjoy .
 I am a big Robyn Cook fan and did n't even know it . I read Robyn Cooks 's `` Primal Fear '' years ago , and loved it . I picked up this book years later because the cover intrigued me and was surprised at how much I was drawn in . I did n't even know it was by Robyn Cook . Now this is the kind of fantasy I like and would love to see now-a-day 's . This is a very creative novel with a new idea . Even though scientific theory may not be incredible accurate , he paints it perfectly plausible . Robyn is a very calculated writer and has never disappointed me with his work . I was so drawn into this story , the concept was wonderfully magical and the ending/climax had me stressing . i love when books can pull you in and make you sweat . This book had me totally palpitating . I need to find another Robyn Cook book to keep me going . definitely must read . Perhaps the old cover may note appeal to the newer audience but I 'd still recommend it to the newer generation .
 Perry Berg is president of Benthic Marine and a passenger aboard The Benthic Explorer , a 450-foot research ship endeavoring to drill into , and sample for the first time , the earth 's magma core . Also onboard are the lovely Dr. Suzanne Newell ; ex-navy commander and present submersible skipper Donald Fuller ; and navy-cum-Neanderthal divers Richard Adams and Michael Donaghue . It is this cast of characters who , with the reluctant Perry , dive to the stilled drill site in order to make repairs . En route , they are sucked -LRB- or suckered -RRB- into a defunct undersea volcano and deposited into an otherworldly wonderland . That takes about 75 pages of fairly cogent spadework . The next 375 pages sprout some of the looniest , most derivative , made-for-TV-movie science fiction imaginable . Our heroes , you see , have been abducted to Interterra , an undersea world of staggering beauty and unheard of technologies -- intergalactic travel and eternal life , for starters -- populated by stunningly beautiful , toga-wearing , first-generation humans.First-generation ? They were here first , see , and had been doing very nicely until their scientists realized that the earth was about to be `` showered with planetesimal collisions , just as had happened in its primordial state , '' and that they had better start digging . While the Interterrans prospered and thrived undersea , we , the second generation , began hauling our single-celled bodies up by our ooze-straps and started all over again.And that 's about it . People with names like Arak and Sufa speak strangely , giggle at the primitive second-generationists , recoil at the very thought of violence , press their palms together to have sex , and direct `` worker clones '' to do the dishes while the second generation does its stereotypical best to , in turns , exemplify , define , and defile humankind .
 As a fan of Robin Cook 's medical thrillers , I was n't sure I would be able to get into his first sci-fi effort . I was hooked from the very beginning ! All the gripping terror and chilling suspense he brings to his hospital horrors are present in this whirlwind encounter with a lost civilization.The characters are believable , the descriptions fascinating , and the premise Cook has concocted is absolutely extraordinary . I especially enjoyed the explanations of `` birth '' and `` death '' in the lost world , finding similarities to Walden Two and at least a few R.A. Heinlein novels.While entirely unlike anything else Robin Cook has written , The Abduction is definitely worth your time , and I happily recommend it . It 's a bit disappointing that other reviews trash this book , but then again , it is a * total * departure from Cook 's usual genre and writing style . I still thought it was quite good .
 I LOVED this book ! I have tired of the multitude of medical scenerios written by Robin Cook and delighted at a sci-fi storyline . This was one of those books you just could n't put down . -LRB- Hope they do a movie . -RRB-
 This novel is a pleasant change from the medical psychological thrillers that we are all used to from Mr. Cook . It involves a group of people being `` abducted '' by a race of ancient beings that pre-date all known living creatures on Earth . As the plot unfolds we the humans are in a virtual paradise where everyone lives for pleasure and death and violence are virtually unknown.The humans must decide if living forever in Paradise is more important than their personal freedom and being with their families in a world of death and violence.This is the second science fiction type novel I have read by Mr. Cooke and I must say he does the genre well . This book does a good job of explaining many of the mysteries about our planet that have plagued scientists and historians for more that a century .
 Abduction , by Robin Cook , was very fun , in my opinion . I have not read any of his other books -LRB- yet -RRB- but reading these other reviews , if people think this was a poor example , I ca n't wait ! Going on an undersea adventure and meeting another `` humankind '' was very exciting . He shows us that it may not be `` perfect '' to live in a `` perfect '' world . I recommend this book .
 I really enjoyed this book . I read quite a few books this summer , and I believe I enjoyed this the most . Some of the concepts seemed to come out of nowhere . It is interesting to read a division in some of the reviews I have read about `` Abduction '' - you either love it or hate it.There are some concepts similar to Crichton 's `` Timeline '' , regarding the transfer of a person 's `` essence '' when he/she dies , which I found interesting . And the history of these people below the earth goes way , way , way back - what a concept ! Not your usual sci-fi , I thought it was totaly fresh and original .
 I 'd stopped reading Robin Cook 's books because , frankly , one was the same as the next . My sister convinced me to give this a try and I found it very refreshing . I 'm sure it dissappoints many loyal fans , but it will probably attract a whole new audience . I found the characters believable and the story alternately gripping and entertaining . I feel the need to address many of the negative comments I saw in readers ' reviews regarding the plausibility of the story
 I did expect to be reading a medical thriller from Robin Cook but I was wonderfully surprised at how great I thought this book was . It was enthralling , well written , and exciting . I often could n't put it down . What an amazing piece of fiction and would n't it be cool if it were true ??
 ... but that does n't mean he always has to put them in the starring role . Over the past 10 years or so , Cook has been writing about doctors on crusades against all sorts of evils , drug companies who brainwash doctors into using their stuff , corrupt hospital administrations who turn organ donations into a racket , HMOs -- you name it . It 's made his writing sound more manifesto than story at times . Now comes a breath of fresh air -- a bona-fide S-F adventure that may be a bit derivative of `` Sphere '' or an undersea `` Planet Of the Apes '' , but is not too bad for all that . You got ta give the guy credit for taking the broken record off the turntable . A group of marine scientists right out of early Cussler by way of Verne discovers a human civilization below the ocean floor that is more evolved than the one we live in . Now they 're stuck
 Maybe it 's not great literature , but it was fast paced , a real page turner . An interesting romp in and other world in our world .
 First off , let me say , the abduction in the title is not by aliens from outer space . In fact , just the opposite , but that 's all I 'll say so as not to spoil the imaginative and suspenseful plot of this sci-fi thriller . Robin Cook is one of the few writers whose books I will read automatically , without even glancing at the cover synopsis , he 's that good . He 's never failed to entertain , and this latest book is no exception . Once again , he varies from his usual medical thriller format -LRB- see Invasion -RRB- and pulls it off nicely . The story moves right along , always prompting you to read further to see what happens next or to explore the fascinating details of the advanced alternate culture within . The characters are varied and interesting , and his writing style is , as usual , excellent . I 'm not sure what those who gave it a low rating were looking for , but if you 're looking for an enjoyable , fascinating book to read , especially if you 're a sci-fi fan , do n't miss this one !
 This was my first Cook book and I was thoroughly impressed by his unique and imaginative storyline . This book had surprises at every corner and has made me an instant fan . It was more a sci-fi story than medical thriller which made it even better than I expected . I 'm almost finished with the book and sad that it 's almost over . Now I 'm looking for another Cook book that measures up to this one .
 After reading almost all Robin Cook 's work , I stumbled across this book . Totally through me for a loop because this is far from his ` medical ' writings . I was totally entranced with this book that I had to go and buy it to add to my Cook Collection . This is a strange tale with a very good story for those with the ability to use their imagination . Very visual !
 i read this book a few years ago and at the time i thought it was very good ! i am suprized to have seen it get a poor rating . i thought it was pretty neat the whole submerine dropping down to the bottom of an abyss and there being intelligent life there . i thought the author did a good job drawing you in to the details of the intellects of these higher life forms .
 I enjoyed this book , No it is not typical Robin Cook but that is why it is interesting . He was trying to push the envelope to make his readers see other writing genre 's . The characters act that way for the plot to continue in the direction he wanted it to follow . A good book that I recommend if you want to try something different .
 The abduction of the submarine Benthic Explorer by human beings living undersea , drive the explorers to a sophisticated civilization called Interterra where the abducted are surprised to find out their way of life , their incredible history , philosophy , etc. . For those people seeking for another of Mr. Cook medical thrillers let me tell you that this is more a science fiction novel that you can enjoy it .
 I thought it was a well written thought out book . If you are not expecting a medical thriller you should enjoy it . The story has been done before , True . However Mr. Cook gave it a nice update.He made it seem Possible ...
 I thought this book was wonderful , it made me stop and think . Sure it was n't as thrilling as his other books , but I loved the idea of a whole different race of humans living below us in secret . The idea that maybe Atlantis could be real , inspired some deep thoughts .
 I am genuinely surprised by all the negative reviews this book has gotten ! It had been quite a while since I had read anything by R. Cook before I picked this one up . To be honest , I had gotten a little tired of the rather repetitive story lines in Cook 's work , and when that happens , I give an author a rest . In this case , it was a looong rest . The text on the back of the book , which seemed to promise something a little different this time , is what actually made me purchase it.I found the book to be loads of fun to read ! It was light and entertaining and sparked my imagination like nothing has in a long while.I had to stop a little short of giving it a full five stars in my review because of the stereotypical characterization of the two divers . I found them to be particularly crude and . . for lack of a better word . . disgusting . Apart from that , I found this book to be one of the most entertaining I had read in a long while . I think it is great when an author tries something different and I for one think this attempt , while not perfect , was a refreshing and entertaining change of pace.If you want to read the same types of stories all the time from your favorite authors , just drag out the old novels you have and read them again . If you are willing to read something a little different , then you will enjoy this one!Keep an open mind !
 I thought the book was written well . Robin Cook bridges some of our history with this undersea world . He incorporated some mysteries of science in this book as it relates to the undersea world that I found interesting . He also deals with some human characteristics that show some insight to the way a human may react to be found on so-called paradise . The ending was a bit of a shocker . I enjoyed it and I hope you will too .
 Le me begin by saying that if you 're new to Robin Cook , do not start with this novel . It is nothing like any of his other novels since it is not a medical thriller.This book begins fairly slow and send the reader in the wrong direction . I do n't want to say more because I 'll be giving it away.You will NEVER guess how it ends !!!
 Sure , a society under the earth 's crust is an old theme , but this book is exciting and well written , a real page-turner . I could n't put it down.Yet , it is more than just an action thriller . It also provides food for thought . Dr. Cook makes us take a closer look at our morals and motivations.Dr . Cook is a master storyteller.One reviewer did n't like the ending . I thought it was terrific . As I neared the end of the book , I was wondering how the many problems would be resolved.Why do we sometimes try to limit authors to our favorite subjects ? -LRB- Medical thrillers , in this case . -RRB- Read and enjoy .
 It is very good the only downside is the ending , i thought it would come out better . For kids it is a lot easier to understand than some of his other books .
 I thought that this book was very thrilling and without boring lectures . I also liked how Robin Cook used his knowledge and experience in the medical field , and brought it into his book . Even though this book is fiction , you get a sense that it maybe could happen . I usually am not into the scientific type of book , but this book pulled it off . Read this book !
 The most important thing to realize about this book is it is NOT Robin Cook 's typical book . There are no doctors , no hospital , no cutting edge medical technology.It is , however , a very good book in it 's genre . This book really belongs in Science Fiction rather than mystery . The story is set in the ocean rather than in space , but many of the elements are the same as first encounter stories . It 's a familiar story of the clash of cultures and the resulting problems.I found it very refreshing to read this type of story from Robin Cook . Hopefully this is the first of more stories away from the typical medical setting .
 I can not believe that as a Robin Cook fan I did not read this spectacular book sooner ! I actually had it on my bookshelf for awhile and did n't read it right away because the begining was rather slow for me compared to his other books , but I thought , this is Robin Cook , so it has to be good . Was it ever ! As soon as the characters were stranded in a dark , muddy cave somewhere under the sea that they determine is not geologically possible , I was hooked . They walk for awhile in knee deep mud and and a big steel door out of nowhere opens up with a light inside . They cautiously go in and from then on I went along with them experiencing the adventure of a lifetime ! I wo n't spoil the fun by telling you anymore right now about the plot . I thought this was a very imaginative work by Robin Cook that possibly became my new favorite of his . -LRB- I am still real fond of the Jack Stapleton books , esp . Chromosome 6 and Vector -RRB- . I really recommend this book , it is way cool !
 well . . i have been a Robin Cook 's fan for a long time and have enjoyed most of his medical-based-thriller-books . . and although this one is not in his usual style ... i enjoyed it tremendously and it is really a page-turner ... u just cant put it down . . it stimualtes the mind with all the concepts and ideas in it . . the only word for this book is ... WOW ! : -RRB-
 The book gets good ratings for plot , -LRB- very Michael Chricton like -RRB- . But character development is poor . Michael and Richard are more like Beavis and Butthead than regular divers . It 's funny at first but it gets old . Perry -LRB- the President of Benthic Marine -RRB- seems very boring -LRB- however , most company presidents are -RRB- . Suzanne was the only character I liked . She seemed like the most intelligent and least predictable character.On the plus side , the book is very easy to read , and difficult to put down once reading starts . If character development was as good as the plot , I would have given this book 5 stars .
 Robin Cook is by far the best Medical Thriller author!This is Definitely a Great Book . True to his nature , this book is full of suspense and the `` what if '' of reality . Again , after reading one of his novels , I found myself thinking about it for days .
 I 've read nearly everything Robin Cook has written , and I 've got very used to hospital based thrillers . How different this book is ! So plausible ! , he manages to relate histoical fact to this work of fiction in such a way that you can almost believe it could be true . And what a great and unexpected ending . If you 're wanting Doctors , forget this book , if you want a really great story , then this is the book for you . I could n't put it down .
 Robin Cook is an acclaimed author whose mysteries and thrillers have attracted legions of fans . Abduction combines human drama with high-tech thrills as a mysterious transmission from the bottom of the Atlantic Ocean leads a crew of oceanographers and divers to a phenomenon beyond scientific understanding , one that will alter everything we think we know about life on earth ! This unabridged , 7 cassette , 10 hour , superbly produced , library edition audiobook is marvelously narrated by Dick Hill . Abduction is also available in an unabridged CD format -LRB- 209-4 ... -RRB- ; as well as an abridged trade edition -LRB- 6 hours , 4 cassettes , 053-9 ... -RRB- .
 Cool story . Good story . Whenever I 'm reading a book , my wife asks if it 's any good . I usually reply , `` I do n't know yet '' , even when I 'm almost finished . With this book , I replied `` Yes , it 's good . '' I finished it in almost record time which tells me it was quite engrossing . If you 're looking for the typical medical mystery with arrogant , bigshot doctor perps -- this is n't it . This book was quite a change from previous Cook books but it was a great story . The literati wo n't like it since they 're so busy looking for `` Composition 101 '' violations that they miss the great creativity that went into this story . This book introduces the reader to the wonder and fantasy of another world and holding the author to the old licenses is not only unfair but a good way to miss a great book . If you focus on the characters you will miss the greater questions explored by the book . Perhaps the first line should be , `` Work with me here ... '' . Think `` B.F. Skinner meets Jules Verne '' .
 Perry Bergman , president of Benthic Marine , is holding station in his ship Benthic Explorer above an anomaly discovered on the bottom of the Atlantic Ocean . He joins Dr. Suzanne Newell and Commander Donald Fuller in a submersible dive to the site and to those on the surface the submersible disappears without a trace , but the trio are not dead . They wake in a futuristic chamber and meet their hosts , the Interterrans , who live beneath the ocean floor in a place called Interterra.These Interterrans are the non-violent first generation humans and this is a story that is pretty hard to take in , though I must admit that I read it in one sitting . I suppose that 's because even if Robin Cook is writing about something as far fetched as this , it 's still a Robin Cook book and they are so well written that you willingly believe the unbelievable .
 I picked this book up , expecting another medical thriller by one of my favorite authors . Instead , I found myself gripping the arms of my chair , transported down through the ocean floor and through a volacanic vent . I literally could not put the book down . I started it late one afternoon , read until 10 PM , got up very early , and finished it before breakfast . I have loved every one of Robin Cooks 's books , but this one was by far the MOST exciting I 've read . I loved science fiction as a kid , but have been generally disappointed with many science fiction novels as an adult . Now that I 've finished it , I literally ca n't stop thinking about it . This is a marvelous first novel breaking out of the medical thriller genre . It seems to me that most of the people who were disappointed with this book prefer the `` realism '' of a medical thriller -- the enjoyment of this novel , while written very realistically , depends upon a `` suspension of disbelief '' as to the characters ' circumstances . Lastly -- the ending does not disappoint . It is reasonable , believable , and satisfying .
 The story is beyond my imagination . The technology mentioned in the story may not be accomplished in my life time . Although there are many technical terms , but the glossary does help a lot . I 'm sure that Cook must did a lot of studies before he get started especially on the field of ocenography . To sum up , the book is well written with an unexpected ending . This is another book by Robin Cook that I recommend .
 You can pick your friends but not your relatives.What happens when a daughter believing her mother is dead finds out her mother is alive and a convicted killer.It is a reality check for all concerned when one woman searches for the truth among lies . Nora Roberts spins another great tale with many twist and turns all in the name of love .
 I have said it over and over again , I Love Nora Roberts books . There is not one that I can honestly say that I have n't liked.This one is up there on my list of favorite Nora Roberts books.Not being a person who enjoys horse racing , looking at horses , riding horses , or horses in general , I expected to find this one of my least favorites . However , because of the author , I decided to try and was thrilled I did.Kelsey and Gale and true to life love , what a wonderful combination . What an interesting beginning to find that her mother who she though was dead is alive . It grabbed my attention and kept it through out the whole book.This book is not to be missed .
 Once again Nora Robert 's give 's the reader all they could want from a novel . A truly believable character emerged into the seductive world of horse racing , who would n't love it . The plot twists keep you guessing until the very end , while the character 's find their way into your heart . You find yourself longing to know what happens next , so read on . It only gets better from here .
 This was my second Nora Roberts novel . I have to admit , I did have a hard time getting started , but once I did , I could n't put it down . The whole time I was reading it , I kept getting these aweful flash backs of my ex-husbands Grandmother every time they mentioned the Father 's Mother . The lies and the deceitfulness , made me depise the woman and made me realize why I despised my ex 's Grandmother . Thanks for the great books . I would like to recommend to other Nora Robert 's fans , you HAVE to read `` Divine Evil '' . It has to be the best .
 It arrived timely . I did n't listen to it as I gave it to my mother . She did n't complain so guess it was okay.Thanks , Jean Baber
 Another good book from Nora Roberts ! I 've been reading her books since the 80 's . If you 're looking for a good read , she 'll never disappoint you .
 Each time I come back to one of Roberts book I am reminded how well she tells a story . This always comes to mind after reading other writers . Although many of the themes are similar , the development of the characters , the flow of the storyline , and her use of very visual words always remind me what a master storyteller she is .
 I love all nora roberts and I read both books , ebooks and also listen which helps you make your visual . This is a great buy .
 This is one of my favorite Nora books . Highly recommend it . It is more than one of her typical romance novels . It was longer and more in depth - a great read .
 I really do like this book . I learned what it takes in the background of horse racing . Read the book .
 Nora Roberts at her best . This book was exciting and suspenseful . Kept me reading for hours . Had to make myself put it down .
 I thought the characters were original and felt real . Nora Roberts covered mystery , fear , love , sadness , happiness all in one story . I could not put it down .
 This book starts with a woman named Kelsey who is trying to get over her divorce , she gets a letter in the mail and finds out the mother who she thought was dead is really alive . She goes to Naomi 's farm and finds out that her mother was in prison for killing a man . She decides to stay go and stay at the farm to get to know her mother , she meets a man and starts to date him . Various things start going wrong and old enemies start coming back . I liked this book ; it was a quick entertaining read for me . It 's a love story with a little bit of mystery thrown in . It 's not just about a romance though it 's the story of a woman who is finally learning who she really is . While the heroin meant to go and connect with her mother what she really does is find out how strong she is and what she is capable of . She learns that she can stand on her own two feet and a person 's history is not always the way it looks on paper . This is a good book to read when you want to sit back and relax .
 Enjoyed the book very much . Fast reading and I always love Nora Roberts novels . Highly recommend this book for your easy reading pleasure .
 This was the first book that I read by Nora Roberts . I must say it was an excellent read . Until the end you wondered who was behind the deaths . And you will never believe who it was ... But I was dissappointed that Nora did n't have a harsher punishment for the person behind it or did not tell us the reaction when that person was exposed . I will be picking up another book by Nora Roberts and hope it 's as good as this one .
 Roberts did a wonderful job with this book . I enjoyed this book and highly recommend this book to others .
 I am truly amazed that Ms. Roberts can continue to keep readers stimulated with her thought provoking twists and turns . The story of Kelsey and her parents , lover , horses was spelling binding , completely believable . I will never look at the Derby the same again . She has become my favorite author .
 I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book . It arrived promptly and was in excellent condition .
 This book was great . I will continue to read Nora Roberts and share her books with friends .
 Ever woman deserves a Gabe Slater in their life ! One of Nora Robert 's best books ! A MUST read !
 This was one of those tapes that you really do not want to wait to hear the rest of it . The ending is a surprise even for those of us who consider ourself mystery book master solvers .
 It was a very good book and eye catching that would n't let my mind and eyes get away from it . Always wordering what is going to happen next . It 's not like all other books that you can tell what 's about to happen you never knew what would happening in True Betrayals I believe this book would be a great movie
 NORA DID WELL ON THIS BOOK . I DID N'T KNOW WHETHER TO BE FURIOUS AT THE FATHER AND THE MOTHER THAT WAS BELIEVED DEAD OR GRATEFUL THAT THEY WERE DOING WHAT THEY THOUGHT WAS RIGHT FOR THEIR DAUGHTER . NORA DID A REALISTIC JOB OF WHAT IT MUST BE LIKE
 This is another great book by Nora Roberts . I love all her books . This book was wonderful , great plot , interesting characters , and more . Like all of the books that I have read by Nora Roberts , this one keeps you coming back for more . Once I started reading it , I did n't want to stop . I could n't wait to finish it and find out who was causing all the trouble and whether or not Gabe and Kelsey would end up together . I would definitely recommend this book to others , in fact I have . I 'm currently read Morrigan 's Cross and ca n't wait to get started of Dance of the Gods .
 I learned so much about behind the scenes of horseracing ! The story of Kelsey and what she endured was excellent ! I want to meet Gabe Slater !
 I HAVE NEVER READ A NORA ROBERTS BOOK THAT I DID N'T LOVE AND THIS ONE WAS VERY GOOD . THE CHARACTERS WERE INTERESTING AND BELIEVABLE . THOUGH AT TIMES GABE ASSUMED ALITTLE TOO MUCH FOR MY LIKING , BUT IT TAKES ALL KINDS EVEN IN A BOOK . IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR AN ENJ0YABLE BOOK DO N'T HESITATE TO PICK THIS ONE UP , ITS A GREAT READ . ALSO TRY MONTANA SKY OR RIVER 'S END BOTH ARE REALLY GREAT BOOKS .
 LOVED IT ! What a great story . Gabe and Kelsey are great together . Both strong and gentle . Suspenseful to the very end . This story has it all , passions that sizzles , suspense that hold you and characters that make to you love them or HATE them , there is no in between . Read it and try to put it down .
 A wonderful story and mystery about a young girl named Kelsey who finds her mother and meets wonderful gambler named Gabe who is not as bad as he seems . I was surprised at the ending of this book , I was expecting the villian to be who they were . Excellent characters and action , suspense and also I fell in love with a few of the horses that were talked about . Nora , would you write a sequel about Kelsey and Gabe . Love this book . I will be reading more Nora books .
 There 's just nothing that I do n't like about Nora Robert 's writing . She 's descriptive without being boring . She pulls you into her stories before you get past the first page . Her plots grab you and her characters hold you.True Betrayals is no exception . The idea of receiving a letter from someone you thought was dead intrigues me . Especially , if it 's a parent . And from there the intricate interweaving of family , friend , and enemy relationships leads the reader into a story that you 'll remember for a long time.But , of course , the romance between Kelsey and Gabe was the glue that held the story together and kept me reading .
 I never knew much about the triple crown until I sat down and read this book . I love the way Nora Roberts develops the characters . I thought the scandalous plot was a little corny , but the overall book is quite well-written and entertaining . A little corniness is okay as long as the plot develops , which it does .
 This is the first Nora Roberts `` mystery '' that I have read . In the past I have read her more traditionally romantic books , and I was pleasantly surprised by this novel . There is a breadth of information and a depth of characters here that puts this above many of her other books for me . I was genuinely interested in Kelsey and Naiomi 's relationship , and pleased with the way that both of them , and Kelsey 's father as well , seem to learn and grow in the course of the book . The supporting characters are also good , and there is enough detail to the descrptions of the world of horse racing to make the story feel realistic.Interestingly enough , I think the weakest character in the novel is Gabe , who seems fraught with contradictions that I think should have bothered Kelsey , given her concern for ethics and rights and wrongs . I am not disturbed by Gabe 's background at all , but I am puzzled by the acceptance of him as a `` gambler , '' which sometimes seems to feed into some of the stereotypes abotu racing that the novel seems to be trying to contradict.Overall , I think this is a good vacation read . I enjoyed it and will look for mor eNora Roberts books from this sub-genre .
 This was one of the best ones I 've read in awhile . Good story , kept me going . Would highly recommend if you love Nora Roberts .
 This has so far been a great story that I have been very intrigued by . I have n't finished yet but ca n't wait .
 Nora Roberts does it again - no surprises there . She combines mystery , romance and murder and a good story set in a backdrop of horse racing in the south . It was easy to sit down and get wrapped up in the lives of the characters in this story - I could not get to the next page soon enough . The twistes and turns of this story made it more than just another NR book . Nora Roberts has the ability to weave a tail that can hold you from start to finish - definately worth you time .
 I really liked this book . I do n't usually read Nora Roberts but this book was worth reading . I recommend this book .
 No one is better than Nora Roberts in combining romance and suspense . I absolutely love this novel . I purchased it some time ago in hard back and I have re-read the whole books or only certain passages so many times it is ridiculous . Ms. Robert 's character development is so good that any author could take notes and pointers for her . The main characters of Kelsey and Gabe are so well thought out and so well written that by the end of the novel you feel as though they are real people that you have known forever . Roberts brings you into the world of horse racing and you get so involved that you would swear you are working at on of the two ranches featured in the novel . The minor characters are also well thought out and provide complete purpose to the novel . The love story that is the main premise of the book burns slowly and with purpose until the two characters finally collide and fall passionately in love . Roberts does a great job of making them friends first and allowing them to get to know each other . Once they fall in love the support and understanding between the two characters is sweet and incredibly honest and sincere . This is a food read . I whole-heartedly recommend the book for any current Nora Roberts fans or for anyone considering starting to read her books . This is Nora at her finest .
 Love her books . Although a little predictable , it was still entertaining.This is a nice vacation book because it is a feel good book . Could of read this book all day .
 This is a story of a mother and daughter who were reunited after 20 + years and the ill feelings between the 2 families . It also has a good look into the horse racing life . Lots of adventure , murder and of course Nora 's usual doses of sex and intrigue . It 's not the most exciting of her books , but very worth the read .
 I love this book ! I am a big horse lover , and I have a family member in the racing industry , so this book really caught my attention . If you have any interest in horses , or have ever read a Nora Roberts book , this is a book for you !
 Ms. Roberts provides a fascinating insight into the world of thoroughbred racing and the human commitment involved in racing.Her characters come to life and it 's a pleasure to watch them deal with a truly creative story problem . The setting drew me in as well.This is a solid read that I have enjoyed each of the three times I 've read it .
 True Betrayals is yet another hit from Roberts , although this time , she has inserted the unique element of a Thoroughbred farm into the mix . Kelsey , our heroine , is out of sorts with her life , lacking direction or true purpose - insert the long-lost mother , who she previously believed was dead . Gabe , the hero , is a gambler turned breeder , bent on rising above his bad boy past to succeed in his one true passion , horse racing.Gabe and Kelsey share the typical Nora Roberts romance - nothing to scoff at , but with a little dash of humor , and a lot of well-written chemistry , they 're drawn together . What sets this book apart is the detailed description of Thoroughbred horse racing , seen from the breeder/owner point of view . Thoroughbred racing is not a subject I claim to know much about , so I do n't know if Roberts was accurate in her descriptions or not . What I do know is that there was enough believable detail that the horse racing scene , and horses themselves , were integral parts of the overall storyline ; this romance would not have been a success without them.If you 're a horse breeder yourself , you may or may not enjoy this book - Roberts is detailed enough that you might find yourself picking apart the details and not paying attention to the story . If you 're not , I highly recommend this book to both new and old Roberts fans . The villain is pretty well known from the start , but there is enough suspense to keep you intrigued , and of course , its hard not to fall in love with either Naomi or the horses . Kelsey can get annoying with her constant dwelling on her life purpose , but Gabe is a likeable enough character for both of them . Ca n't miss with this one .
 This was my first Nora Roberts book . I 've had it for a couple years before I had time to start a new book . Once I opened it I was hooked . It has murder , lust , and suspense . It 's a total page turner . I finished the book within the week and now want to read other books by her .
 DELIGHTFUL TO READ A NORA ROBERTS ' THAT NOT FULL OF REPETITION AND SAME-OLD , SAME-OLD . STORY WAS WORTH READING AND REREADING SOMETIME IN THE FUTURE . CA N'T SAY THAT ABOUT MANY BOOKS . SHE PAINTED AN ENJOYABLE PICTURE OF THE RACING WORLD AND FAMILY TIES . THE VILLIAN IS OBVIOUS , BUT DOES N'T TAKE AWAY FROM THE STORY AND THE CHARACTERS ARE WELL-DEVELOPED AND VERY LIKABLE .
 I 'm a big fun of N.R. 's work but this book got me!I loved every part of it!Could not stop reading it ... When you read too much from one author somewhere in the journey you 'll start to identify a pattern in the stories and if you 're a `` fault finder '' you can be tempted to look for something different ... So there I was at the store looking for a new book to read ... tried to look for a different author when the cover of True Betrays caught my eyes and I ended up buying it ... anyway I loved . This book is different from the other ones I read from N.R. it was a very nice surprise ... the romance was there , but also lot 's of family stuff that you can identify with , day by day situations , mystery and everything else you want to see in a good book!Highly recommend it !
 This is one special book ! Not only has Ms Roberts written a beautiful romance , but what makes this book outstanding is the portrayal of a mother 's love and the sacrifices she makes and has made for her daughter . While many , like myself , would have wanted to see the real villain punished for the many misdeeds at the end , the fact that this does not happen only gives the book more strength . Wonderful , Ms Roberts , and thank you for writing this beautiful book .
 This is a great book . Takes you behind the world of horse racing . Lots of twists and turns . Really enjoyed this book !
 Definatly a page turner and book to keep you interested -LRB- and inside -RRB- on these hot summer days . Kelsey and Gabe are easy to like and the story easier to fall into . The characters are real and complex and the overall theme on horseracing and life on a horse farm is endearing and only adds to the overall enjoyment of this book . Highly reccommended to Robert 's fans .
 I read this novel about 3 years ago when I was a freshmen in high school and I know it may seem a bit advanced for my age at the time but I was totally blown by the plot . Without giving away to much for those who had n't read I would just like to say that is worth it at and not to pass up based on the reviews of others who did n't like it . Currently I 'm in looking into purchasing more novels by Nora Roberts .
 While I loved the drama and action that always accompany a Roberts novel , I was particularly intrigued by the setting of this one . Horse ranches and thoroughbred racing ... I was instantly enchanted . Made me yearn for triple crown time.Kelsey has just divorced her husband when she learns that the mother she thought had died 20 years earlier is alive and well in Northern Virginia . Through a muddle of her own feelings , she decides to take an extended vacation of sorts and get to know her mother ... and thats where the adventure begins .
 I read this book in two day for the simple fact I could not put it down . Kelsey & Gabe , That was the best love story I think I have ever read . I just ca n't get the book out of my mind .
 This story about the glamourous world of horse racing takes the reader into the sleazy side of the racing world . Nice story line , location moves around to add spice , twists to make the story interesting . Secondary characters play a big role in this story .
 Nora Roberts does it again ! What a great story to curlup with and burn the midnight oil ! She throws a little bit of everything in this novel to make it one of her best ... betrayal , murder , romance and of course -- love . The title says it all . I was hooked from the very first page .
 I think Nora Roberts has a fantasy with horses and horse farms , as we 've seen in her books Irish Thoroughbred , Irish Rebel and now True Betrayals which was written in 1996 . Unlike the other two , True Betrayals is not pure romantic fiction but a blend of several genres . To me , it was very interesting and kept me amused and entertained for several hours.Kelsey Byden was led to believe that her mother , Naomi Chadwick , had been dead for quite a few years and when she received a letter from her mother asking if she 'd come visit her , she was an emotional wreck . It seems the real reason her mother was n't a part of her life as she grew up was the fact that she had been in prison for killing her lover . Talk about shock value ! Kelsey decides to visit her mother to try to come to terms with her emotions - Kelsey had recently divorced and just finding out her dead mother was very much alive was enough to make anyone emotionally unstable and made Kelsey question everything in her life.Naomi has a working horse farm in Virginia and Kelsey goes to try to make sense out of her life . Sounds like a typical plot line , right ? Well , sort of , but if Nora Roberts is writing it , you can bet there are a few twists and turns along the way . Like Kelsey being thrown into a situation that could result in another murder.Can the trainer who works for her mother be the answer to Kelsey 's broken heart ? Can Kelsey ever trust her mother again after being deceived by her for so many years ? Will Kelsey ever believe in herself again ? I wo n't give away any of the plot , you 'll have to read and enjoy this one for yourself!I do have to say that the plot is not the part of the book that I enjoyed the most - sure there 's a little mystery thrown in just to keep things interesting . Sure there is lots of romance and sorting of feelings toward the mother-daughter relationship . But what I enjoyed the most were the descriptions of the horse ranch , the surrounding areas , actual workings of the ranch , etc. . Nora Roberts is first rate at painting a very vivid mental image and I found myself slipping off to Virginia and owning a ranch of my own in my imagination while reading this book . The lush green landscape , the openness of the working ranch , the racetrack - ah , it sounded like pure heaven.The plot is very predictable
 `` True Betrayals '' is a fabulous book that will definitely keep you reading . Kelsey & Gabe are great main characters , both well-developed and likeable.Kelsey has been told for her entire life that her mother died when she was a child , but she finds out differently one day when a letter shows up from her supposedly deceased mother ! After getting over the initial shock , Kelsey decides to travel to her mother 's thoroughbred farm in Nothern Virginia . Kelsey has to deal with her family 's strong disapproval , especially from her grandmother , but decides that she really must meet the woman who gave her life . Kelsey arrives on the farm and slowly begins to bond with her mother and the handsome man who owns the neighbouring farm , Gabe . This story is full of betrayal , sabotage , romance , and excitement . Overall , a highly enjoyable read .
 I 'm a Nora Roberts fan and a horse-lover , so my expectations for this book were high . The book did n't disappoint , providing an entertaining story , strong characters to love and hate , and some mystery as well . Although she obviously did her homework about horse racing and the horse world , there were still inaccuracies that got in the way of my enjoyment of the story . Additionally , I found the analagies and puns about card-playing and roulette and other forms of gambling to be overbearing -- one of those times you just want to say `` We get the point , OK ? He 's a gambler . '' Perhaps BECAUSE my expectations were so high , it does n't rate 5 stars , but still it was a good story and worthy of staying in the bookshelf .
 THIS WAS MY FIRST NORA ROBERTS READ ! WHAT A GREAT ONE IT WAS . THE CHARACTERS ARE WELL DEVELOPED AND I FELL IN LOVE WITH KELSEY AND GABE.IT SATISFIED MY OWN LOVE FOR THE HORSE WORLD , LOVE AND MYSTERY ! I ACTUALLY CRIED IN THE END AND WAS SAD TO HAVE TO SAY GOODBYE TO THE CHARACTERS!THIS IS A MUST READ . I ONLY WISH NORA ROBERTS WOULD DELIGHT US AND PRODUCE ANOTHER NOVEL DELVING INTO THE FUTURE WORLD OF THE CHADWICKS AND BYDENS , AND NEW SLATER FAMILY .
 I just finished reading True Betrayals and then went and purchased two more of Nora Roberts books . The lady just keeps you wanting to read more and more . Where she gets her wealth of information is a wonder , but she certainly does a fine job . I have yet to read one of her books that I have n't loved . This one fell right in line . If the writer does n't cry , the reader probably wo n't either . I wonder if these books get to her in that way . I hope she never quits . I will pass this book on to my reading friends .
 True Betrayals was an exciting story with lots of romance and suspense . One of Roberts ' best . It gave me an interesting look into the world of horse racing and an intriguing romance between Gabe Slater and Kelsey Byden and I am a sucker for a good romance . I have a tendency to enjoy her older work more than her current work and right now I 'm reading Sacred Sins which has Ben Paris , who is maybe a bit more of a handful than Slater . All in all , a good read . One that 's hard to put down .
 Excellent story - a real treat and the typical Nora Roberts novel that I have come to love . If you enjoy race horses , romance , adventure and mystery , True Betrayals is your book . To summarize , 26 year-old Kelsey Byden , recently divorced , and definitely raised with the upper crust , receives a letter from a mother she thought was long dead . Her father , Phillip Byden and Grandmother , Millicent raised her to believe that her mother had died when she was a baby . Her grandmother is a hard-core social climber , expecting no less from her granddaughter . Her dad is an English Professor at Georgetown University , very kind and soft-spoken and very much under the rule of his controlling mother . Kelsey confronts her father as he admits that her mother had asked him to tell their daughter -LRB- who was only three years old at the time -RRB- she died after she was arrested and sent to prison for killing a man . The story begins to unfold as Kelsey decides to meet her mother , Naomi Chadwick , who owns a thoroughbred horse farm , Three Willows , in Virginia . There , Kelsey connects immediately , heart and soul , creating a new life , one of hard work , long days and many rewards , completely opposite the elite socially correct life her grandmother expects of her . She falls head-over-heels with the horses and begins to understand and become attached to the mother she never even knew existed . Along with this new life comes a new love , rugged Gabe Slater , a man raised on the wrong side of the tracks by a dead-beat father . Gabe is a gambler and has overcome the odds to make something of him and his horse farm , Longshot . The more Kelsey is drawn to the life of a thoroughbred caretaker , the more she is determined to delve into the somewhat vague facts of her mother 's trial 23 years ago . Some things come full circle and along with the excitement of the Kentucky Derby and the race at Belmont , all leading to a Triple Crown event for one of Gabe 's prize horses , Double or Nothing , comes murder , blackmail and cut throat tactics by men who are willing to do anything to win the golden purse . Connections of murder and greed begin to unravel in both past and present occurrences . True Betrayals is a story that keeps the reader hooked until the very last page . The characters are completely likeable and the storytelling comes with many surprises . It 's a book that is hard to put down , leaving the reader sorry to see it come to an end .
 Though I enjoyed Nora Roberts ' novels , I took a sabbatical from them as too often one novel had too many similarities with the next . Needing escapism reading , I picked up some of her books again . I have found the same issue with some of the trilogies , but True Betrayals stands on its own . Characters are well developed . When trouble occurs in two of the horse farms , the culprit or culprits are not obvious and do not become apparent until revealed later in the book . There is a well developed connection between characters . I think it is one of her better novels and highly recommend it to anyone - especially Roberts fans .
 Mr. Marshall knows what it takes to right a unique suspense novel . The way he builds tension and intertwines the two story lines and the mix of first and third person narrantive styles made for one enjoyable read.I ca n't wait for the sequel .
 I came across THE STRAW MEN in a small convenient store when on vacation . I needed some reading for the ride home and I could not have asked for a better read . THE STRAW MEN gets your attention from the beginning and keeps on begging you not to put it down . The plot is fantastic , full of suspense and interesting characters . Gets your heart pumping and keeps you guessing until the end . I HIGHLY recommend this book to anyone who loves a nail-biting masterpiece . READ IT !
 The best suspense book I 've read in quite a while . Solid and well-written with genuine insight . Should rank in the top of the suspense genre . Do n't understand other reviewers ' confusion - was n't confusing at all to me.If you 'd like to spend time with a real cool book . This is the one . You 'll want to tell your friends - I did .
 Picked this book up at the grocery store . As another reviewer mentioned , great cover and awesome brief on the back ... Hey it caught me and I 'm glad it did . I will not get specific in the actual content as it is my belief that it ruins the book for most . You have to draw your own conclusions!To be honest , I didnt read any of the reviews posted here until after I had finished the novel and I must say I am a bit surprised at some of the comments . I like a book that keeps you going , keeps the plot moving or several in this case all to come together in the last 100 or so pages.The Straw Men is frightening . Not just because of his writing style which is very good or even the content , but the mere fact that the scenarios created could actually be true ! The book is graphic and at times I honestly could not believe what I was reading ... he never went too far over the edge though and it made me want to turn the page -LRB- albeit reluctantly at times -RRB- to find out what happens next.I disagree with everyone who said it was a book that made you turn back to figure things out . -LRB- ie confusing -RRB- I too had to flip back in the book a few times , but welcomed the fact I was reading something that had enough substance to merit the returns . Every time I flipped back I saw something else that helped in my understanding/enjoyment of this novel . I felt compelled to look back at times not to clear up some confusion but to gain some more insight . At the books conclusion , which is outstanding , I went back to the begining to see where in the novel the first mention of `` The Straw Men '' was mentioned . -LRB- Idol curiosity-p125 -RRB- I seriously thought about re-reading it now that I had so much insight at its conclusion.Overall an outstanding read ! I would recommend it to all , with a caution to some of the content . It is believable ! There must be a sequel .
 This is the type of book you will find yourself getting off the phone or turning off the TV for . You will even find yourself trying to sneek a page or two at work.You have no idea where the plot is going , whats going to happen next , or when this collection of pulp fiction style of stories are going to come together . That is why this is a must read . Please , read it now !
 I enjoyed this book tremendously . I bought this book because of Stephen King 's recommendation on the front cover and I am very glad that I did . The author does a great job of building tension and interest , his language , writing style and humor are very appealing . I am looking forward to his next book !
 with the following line : '' In a room full of victims , murderers look like gods . `` In need of some judicious editing , nevertheless this is a disturbing piece of work . Some conventional twists are thrown in , most work and some are done like never before . A good one.Action on par with the best .
 Mr. Marshall tells an enthralling story about seemingly unrelated and violent random events that become entertwined through good plot twists and great character definitions . This is a great book if you like conspiracy theory meets psychosis kind of fiction . I , personally , do . Besides the characters which I felt were well done , if slightly stereotypical , the plot of this book kept me guessing . I could n't figure it out . I was very excited when I realized the bigger picture this book shows to the reader piece by piece . I really did n't want to stop reading until I was through.Of course there are downsides to the book . Among these are the disjointed way that the writer changes point of view . Many times I found myself having to reread sections to figure out what I had missed . I also found some of the dialogue to be a little too tongue-in-cheek . Sometimes the witty banter between the two main characters overshadowed the excellent story line and sometimes simply annoyed . Finally , I did n't like the ending the reader was left with , although I would be hard-pressed to suggest any alternatives.Overall , I recommend this book for an interesting read -- whether you 're on the beach or just needing a little escapism at home . I also think it would make a great film . I kept visualizing what actors would play the characters . I 'd certainly go see it .
 I picked STRAW MEN up on a lark , and I 'm glad I did . This is a `` thinking man 's '' thriller , with prose of astonishingly high quality.I agree with one of the prior reviewers that there are many sentences in this novel that you re-read , simply to enjoy the high caliber of the writing . Marshall is a very philosophical type of writer , and his prose offers many insightful ruminations about the nature of life , aging , and other deep subjects . This is the type of book where the author will stop the story to spend a few pages making some social observations . I found much of them to be funny and enjoyable -- perhaps the best aspect of the book.That being said , the plotting in STRAW MEN could have been a little better . This is a relatively slow paced book , burdened by excessive description and commentary by the author . If you 're looking for a scary thriller with lots of action , this probably wo n't satisfy you . This is more of an atmospheric thriller , where the story takes a back seat to the writing itself . It is ultimately a very literary sort of book.Still , STRAW MEN is highly enjoyable for what it is . Also , just for the record , this is not a `` debut '' novel , but is a novel written under a pseudonym by Michael Marshall Smith , who has written several bestselling science fiction novels in Great Britain . Regardless of this fact , this book is a terrific read and I heartily recommend it for fans of good writing .
 Wow !! I am not sure where to start . This book has a little of everything
 I just finished this book this morning and enjoyed it immensely . The Straw Men are literally the most frightening and evil people in modern suspense novels . The idea of organized mass murderers is sadly not quite as unbelievable in the aftermath of September 11 . I wo n't give away much more than to say that there is one twist and turn after another , shocking revelations and the ending is left open to make a sequel . Hopefully , there will be one.So why the four stars ? Most people might disagree but the main character , Ward , was unsympathetic . He made constant insults about almost every human being he saw which would be the last thing I would do if I was mourning the death of my parents even if they were estranged . The social commentary is sometimes dead on , but abrasive and it detracted some of the enjoyment for me . It came across kind of smart mouthed which nearly made me put down the book . Towards the end , I was glad I stayed because I started to like Ward a little more . A friend of mine hated this book because of that.Other than that , its worth a read and if you are a real cynic , you will probably come away with a different opinion . I still gave it four stars due to its intense and unstoppable action . A great book , a little flawed but worth your time . Almost a masterpiece .
 very good . hes up there with stephen king and dean kootz.will be getting more of his books . hard to put the books down .
 Because from start to finish this book will keep you on the edge of your seat . One extremely freaky book , a secret society of people who do what they want , when they want , how they want and with whom ever they want . No one but themselves know they exist , and of course they 're fingers reach into everything . But the worst one of the bunch just so happens to be our lead character 's brother . His twin brother . More scary and disturbing than any horror book -LRB- though not really a horror novel -RRB- I ever read , and why ? Because it deals with a tangible issue , and one that was happened in the past and occurs everyday , though maybe not so organized . This group will make the Nazis seem like pansey 's . You 'll be begging to know just who the Straw Men are what they 've done . Though if you want to the whole story you 'll have to read the sequel , Upright Man .
 One thing is absolutely certain about Michael Marshall 's novel `` The Straw Men ''
 A really good story , although I was a little perplexed at the ending.Reads really quickly though , and pulls you right into the mysteries of what 's going on.Great for those who love a good thriller !
 THE STRAW MEN plays out like a dream-team collaboration by Stephen King -LRB- who hailed the book a masterpiece -RRB- , Dean Koontz , Thomas Harris , and Michael Slade . Deliriously paranoid , lightning paced , crammed with surprise and invention , action and terror , humor and heartbreak , this is the kind of book that lesser writers will envy and everyone else will just admire to no end . And the happiest part ? The formidable Mr. Marshall is clearly here to stay , as evidenced by the recent release of a sequel to this book , entitled THE UPRIGHT MAN . Discover this guy as soon as you can - once everybody is reading him and hit movies are being made from these books , it 's sure gon na be fun to be able to say `` Oh , yeah , I 've been reading him from the beginning ! ''
 Excellent read . The Straw Men has it all . Intriguing main characters , compelling plot , and mind-blowing plot twists . I have no idea why others hated it . I guess there 's no in-between . I would highly recommend The Straw Men . I cant wait for the follow up novel .
 In reading a review of `` The Straw Men , '' I found out that Michael Marshall has also written under the name of Michael Marshall Smith , and `` One of Us '' was his . Wow ... has he EVER come far ! `` The Straw Men '' is one of those books you ca n't put down . Marshall creates a web of mystery and terror that has long been missing from recent thrillers . His mastery of the English language is awesome , and his use of both the first person and third person works beautifully , and he is to be commended for pulling it off so well.The heroes are all well-written and not without their flaws . Wade , Bobby , John and Nina are all flesh and blood humans , with dark secrets , hurts , and fears . The villains , of which there are many , are surprising and unrelentlessly wicked.The book has a lot of stuff going on , and if there is a tendency to get a little confused , it merely adds to the emotional impact of the book.The plight of fourteen year old Sarah Becker is well-developed and one ca n't help but empathize with this poor girl in her terrible situation . Although there are obvious hints to the true identity of the main villain , The Upright Man , his identity still comes as quite a shock , and the `` resolution '' of the novel is frightening in its implications . I sincerely hope Mr. Marshall plans on a sequel ... this is great stuff.HIGHLY AND UNRESERVEDLY RECOMMENDED.ONE OF THE BEST BOOKS OF THE YEAR !
 Out of books and unsure of what direction to go in while choosing a new one , I grabbed this book based on the intriguing synopsis as well as the cover art which I found to be mysterious . I agree , not great reasons to buy a book , but I do n't regret it.One thing lacking in todays literary wasteland of consumer oriented fluff and knock off thrillers is the skill of being able to turn a word . Michael Marshall has that knack . He is able to write sentences that , on thier own , are interesting and worth a second read . I found myself continuously re-reading certain sentences or paragraphs , fascinated at Mr. Marshall 's take on a certain subject or situation.Though this book is very well written with a strong sense of how to write a compelling sentence , it is not without its faults . The plot can be a bit muddy and then too easily cleared , the switching between the first and third person is an interesting literary trick , but executed in a way I found confusing until the last part of the book when events helped the reader understand why it was written that way . Maybe a pointer earlier on would have helped.This book sets itself apart from the sludge being published by the corporate entities of Koontz and King by challenging your mind to think about the words and what they mean outside of the obvious being described in the story . Though a highly commercial story , obviously geared toward selling movie rights , Michael Marshall can not hide the fact that he has the ability to turn a word . I look forward to his future work with the hope that with success comes the ability to free his writing from the commercial underbelly of publishing .
 Who are the Straw Men ? Are they real , or myth ? How do the three storylines twisting through this book connect ? What did it mean when the dad on the video asked his baby , `` What will you become ? '' Who is the girl in the floor , and why is she there ? Can an ex-cop and an FBI dame resolve their relationship issues long enough to get a bead on a Hollywood kidnapper?I loved this book , and was drawn in to the narrative fully . I loved the part where the protagonist waxes poetic on why there should be geriatric gang members trolling the malls of America . I recommend this to any fan of thrillers , and look forward to treading the sequel .
 This book is a pure , white-knuckle , fast paced , thriller . It has a very dark and paranoid feel to it . I loved it and have read it twice now . The sequel `` The upright man '' was not nearley as good but had the same dark feel to it . The last in the trilogy `` Blood of angels '' is better but does n't quite live up to the original . I suggest if you read this book -LRB- and I really suggest you do ! -RRB- than prepare to read the other two because you wont be able to stay away from Michale Marshall 's dark , twisted , creepy and paranoid veiw of the world !
 I started reading this book because it was the only one in the house I had n't yet read . What a shame . Michael Marshall has definately hit on something to think about with this book . A great read . Now I have to get the rest of the books this genius has written .
 I see there 's a new paperback out , featuring Ward Hopkins , which I assume is a sequel . Due out 3/30/04 . The Upright Man , Michael Marshall . I ca n't wait to get my hands on it !
 Michael Marshall is the thinking man 's James Patterson . It 's a shame more people have n't heard of him or more importantly , his book , The Straw Men , which is really more like two books in one . This novel is a mystery and a thriller that is more complex and more satisfying than the typical novel of this type . Pick it up and you wo n't be able to put it down .
 It 's not often these days that a book can genuinely frighten a voracious and jaded reader like yours truly , but this book gave me the heebie-jeebies . There may not be anything revolutionary in the central conceits of this novel , but the execution is sterling . The characters feel real and the dialogue is never forced or trite . The real accomplishment however , is the mounting dread which builds regarding who and what `` The Straw Men '' really are or might be . There is a scene set in the house of the main protagonist 's dead parents in which an old video tape is viewed and the internet history of a home computer is investigated with unsettling results . Nary a drop of blood is spilled nor a smidgen of gore spattered , but ... Yikes !! A darn good read .
 Wow , this is a pretty weird book . Nothing too sick , but just enough character development to keep you interested . I liked how it tried to bring a real world sense to it and never really goes too far.The book does n't live up to being really scary but that does n't mean it is n't good .
 I loved this book , more than any Stephen King I have read . This book kept me interested and wanting to know what was going to happen . Just a very good book with vivid real characters and a spooky deep story .
 Loved this book ! Surprising twists left me hoping for the next book . His writing style is witty and sharp . Great book to take to the beach .
 I picked up this book as an advance copy at the store I work at , and I could not put it down . I felt that the story was very well thought out , though it couldve used more description , it was a well written book . It is slightly reminiscent of early Dean Koontz works . Based on that , I have personally sold about 25 copies of this book in the 2 months it has been out , and have not had a complaint yet .
 Michael Marshall , The Straw Men -LRB- Jove , 2002 -RRB- Okay , let me get the bad out of the way first
 Despite what this book might tell you , it is not the first work of Michael Marshall . Look for his other three novels under the name of Michael Marshall Smith which included , `` Only Forward '' , `` Spares '' and `` One Of Us '' . Those books have a very sci-fi , Douglas Adams , type feel tot hem while `` The Straw Men '' has a lot more of a horror slant . It takes a little bit to get running and could have benefited from being a little longer so some of the explanations could have been more detailed . Also the switch from first to third person when jumping from character to character was a bit jarring . That said , the novel is a brilliant work , truly scary with a sharp sense of humor that you will not expect .
 Well crafted and written with a sense of style and humor . If the narrative throws you you might be better off sticking to books that requires the assistance of crayolas . I am looking forward to more from this author .
 The Straw Men by Mike MarshallTwo men walk into a McDonald 's in Pennsylvania and kill dozens of people with automatic weapons . A youth walks into a school and kills over a dozen classmates and faculty with a similar weapon . A man in England goes berserk and kills dozens . Sound like your typical latter-day headlines ? They are but they 're incidents in Mike Marshall 's timely debut novel , The Straw Men , a story about an international cabal of mass murderers led by a serial killer self-named The Upright Man.This premise was used to lesser effect in the Sylvester Stallone thriller COBRA and is therefore not a new one . However , an intriguing storyline adds heft and some coherency to this novel , one in which two widely divergent storylines are finally united in the thrilling climax.Former CIA analyst and professional slacker Ward Hopkins returns to his hometown in Dyersburg , Montana after the abrupt and violent death of his parents . Ward finds a note in his father 's chair containing the short but cryptic message
 In a fast-food restaurant in the midst of Nowhere , USA , things seem gripped with the normality of people burrowing into their daily grinds . Some are locals and others tourists , some reserved and some rather talkative , but all have one thing in common . They , by some misfortune birthed by Nokkon Wod , are at the wrong place at the wrong time . Two gunmen enter , spraying the place with weapon fire , killing more than sixty percent of the people inside and nobody is the wiser as to why . Outside of a bookstore where a teenage girl is supposed to be meeting a friend , she runs into a stranger that she 's never met with one thing in common with her ; a love for England . Despite being 14 and knowing better , she converses for a few moments and then , in a burst of events that go from somewhat frightening to downright tragic , disappears in almost plain sight . Credit goes to a serial killer , The Upright Man , for yet another horrific deed . A man who has just seen his parents killed in a car wreck and is buried in a cemetery of internal grief goes to their home to mourn . While there , he finds a book with a note stuck in it that states , in his father 's handwriting , `` We 're not Dead . '' In many ways these events seem to all be disconnected from the other but , as our main characters soon find out , they all link to people that simply call themselves The Straw Men.Much to Michael Marshall 's credit , he knows how to detail characters and the world around them with illustrate terminology that is , in a word , refreshing . His use of descriptiveness is so vivid and crisp that it painted everything transpiring with such clarity , keeping pace with the tones of both events happening and the madness floating through many of the character 's minds . At first the book seemed to have more than one storyline running through it that made it seem a little confusing , with the tale of Ward -LRB- who lovingly found the hidden note -RRB- trying to find out what has happened to his parents and two individuals - an ex-cop and an agent - trying to apprehend The Upright Man . Sometimes this seemed a bit claustrophobic and threw the pace off a bit , pushing you from the subjects you 've just delved deeply into and switching gears to another focal point . It all starts to make sense after a time , though , and the connectiveness drawing the two seemingly unrelated events together is interesting to watch develop . Added to this is the fact that The Straw Men and The Upright Man were well written and a bit on the depraved side of the spectrum , always throwing problems into the fray and making the read an entertaining one to work through.For an author 's first work , I 'd have to call this a masterful one and worthy of recommendation to anyone interested in the exploration of the depraved side of life . It does have a few scene in it that might be a tad on the graphic side , but these are few and placed well , and some of the ideology presented might find some viewers offended by such notions . Still , in the world of serial killers and mass murders , I suppose this reaction would be the one that is being tried for and grasped onto well . It works as a chase , throwing characters a little cat-and-mouse in the toyland of sensation , and comes highly recommended for those who want something dark to coat their mental corridors with .
 This was my first experience reading a title by Michael Marshall , but it wo n't be my last . I heard about `` The Straw Men '' while reading the dust jacket for Marshall 's new title , `` The Intruders '' , and was intrigued due to the fact that my favorite author , one Mr. King , called it `` scary as hell '' . If you 're looking for monsters or ghosts or demons , you wo n't find them here . The monsters in this one are the ones are the most dangerous ones of all ; the human ones . Marshall creates an intricate plot , develops great characters , and leaves you thinking . Could this really happen ? In today 's world , I would unfortunately have to say yes . Ward is an awesome character and one that grows on you as the book progresses . The same is true with Zandt . I did wish that Zandt had been even more developed , but to my delight , Marshall did leave this book open ended , and I found that `` The Straw Men '' is book one in a trilogy . Believe me , I will read them , and I hope to enjoy them as much as `` The Straw Men '' . And for those out there who have n't read book one , do so . You wo n't be disappointed .
 Here 's what Stephen King had to say about Michael Marshall 's The Straw Men : `` Just when you think there 's nothing new in the world of the suspense novel , along comes one hell of a nasty spider called The Straw Men . It 's brilliantly written and scary as hell . `` Agreed . Marshall -LRB- a.k.a. Michael Marshall Smith , author of Spares , One of Us and Only Forward -RRB- really delivers in this tale of paranoia and despair , told , until late in the novel , on two parallel tracks , one dealing with the LAPD Homicide Detective John Zandt 's hunt for The Upright Man , a serial killer who taunts the authorities with a unique calling card , the other with ex-CIA agent Ward Hopkins ' search for the truth behind his parents ' untimely death . Their independent investigations lead to discoveries that rock both their worlds.Besides providing plenty of fast paced , top-notch suspense , Marshall also dishes out plenty of droll humor , as when Hopkins reflects on an aging population : `` I do n't find it surprising that super old people are so odd and grumpy ... I do n't blame them for being out of sorts . I 'm just surprised that they do n't take to the streets in packs , swearing and raising hell and getting drunk . With demographics going the way they are , maybe that 's going to be the next big thing . Gangs of octogenarians , taking drugs and running amok . Though walking amok is most likely , I guess-with maybe an hour of dozing amok in the afternoon . `` The book 's full of unconventional observations like this , expertly interspersed with the grim discoveries Zandt and Hopkins make along the way . Besides provoking laughter , they also provide insights into the minds of Marshall 's offbeat protagonists , insight that proves useful once the **** really hits the fan late in the novel .
 Whilst King continues his genteel slide into overwriting -LRB- Someone should be brave enough edit his books , for goodness sakes
 i was amazed at the skill of this author . he builds a tale that captures your attention completely . the characters jump out of the pages to you . this is a complex tale that is totally coherent . so glad i discovered this writer .
 If you are a fan of John Connelly , then I would recommend this book . Original premise , with tight writing , I was hooked until the end.I also like the fact , that it is the first in a series.If you like your fiction a little off center , give this one a try .
 Great book and I got it on time . I have now read two of the series and waiting for the 3rd installment . I like this author alot .
 I 've absolutely devoured every one of Michael Marshall Smith 's books -LRB- that 's the name under which his past works were written , in case you 'd like to find more of his work . -RRB- Another book released earlier in the year by a different writer named Martin Smith called The Straw Men likely precipitated the change of pen name , although why the publisher calls this `` his debut novel '' is puzzling . His books are bestsellers in the UK.As someone said earlier , Mr. Marshall -LRB- or Smith -RRB- really knows how to `` turn a word . '' As wonderfully dark and fast-paced as this book is , I , too , kept finding myself re-reading certain paragraphs here and there , just because the author has an incredible gift of being able to sprinkle profound insights amidst a breakneck plot and non-stop progression of the story . His literary prowess never gets in the way of the story.For horror buffs , this is a completely fresh , wonderful read , and it 's indeed a shame that the author has not gained the stellar notoriety he so rightly deserves . -LRB- Although two of his prior works have been secured for VERY large sums from movie studios , including Spielberg 's Dreamworks , who paid a whopping seven-figure sum for the rights to Spares . -RRB- To the story
 Jove 's packaging of this book is a little puzzling , seeing as this author has three other novels and a short story collection to his credit , albeit under a -LRB- very slightly -RRB- different name
 A nice surprise amongst a bunch of books I purchased at a sale recently . I was into it from the beginning , the style of writing and humour made it very comfortable to read . It 's always a pleasure to find an author at random who can deliver the goods.Without going on about the well-told story , my only complaint is the far-reaching abilities that ex-cops and their FBI friends seem to have here in the supposedly real world . It reminded my of ` Trace ' , the last Kay Scarpetta novel I read , where a quick phone call or access to a computer provided too many answers , too easily.I enjoyed the story , and look forward to reading the remaining books .
 Three horrific events separated by time and distance are united by a hidden , cunning conspiracy that threatens the foundation of civilization.I happened across THE STRAW MEN totally by accident . I was checking out a hotel sundries shop one rainy Sunday morning in New Orleans and saw the book on one of those wire , wall-mounted paperback racks popular in hospital gift shops and airports . Two things attracted me to it
 I recently adopted a no more 5 star review policy . Nada , nothing , except maybe my grandmother 's sour cream pound cake . But then I picked this book up and had to recant . This is a terrific book and this guy , of whom I 'd never heard , is one heck of a writer . It 's not often that someone 's prose has the ability to inspire terror and incite laughter in the same sentence . This guy has a keen insight on the things that make my generation laugh , cry and feel a little nervous . I hear there 's a sequel out already , and sequels , especially to great books and great movies -LRB- see Jaws II -RRB- always scare me . Great expectations , I suppose . But , in the end , I 'll have to see . By all means , read this book .
 I bought The Straw Men on impulse while wondering through a book store trying to find something different to read . And I got it!I could n't put the book down . . I read it straight through . Michael Marshall has a wonderful way with wording , I found myself greedily reading each phrase and sentence once after the other.His switch between first and third person might seem awkward to some , but I found it intriguing and a nice a change as the book went along , adding a more personal view from the character who was probably the most confused and traumatized by the truths that began revealing themselves.The end could have been a little deeper , a little more informative , but it stuck with the mystery that had surrounded the plot throughout the whole book and was obviously -LRB- I hope ! -RRB- left open for a sequel.I would suggest this book to anyone who looking for a chilling , different read . You 'll certainly find it here.And to all the other reviewers who let us in on Mr Marshall 's other books , thank you !
 Ward Hopkins returns home to Dyserburg , Montana only to step into what seems like an episode of the Twilight Zone when he finds a book taped to the underside of a recliner . Contained inside the book is a note that states his parents are n't dead . Tearing the house apart , he stumbles upon a video showing his parents and two twins , one who they leave behind in a crowded area . Unable to believe his parents are capable of such an act , he along with his CIA friend Bobby discovers that there is no record of Ward 's birth.While Bobby and Ward seek the truth , a teenage girl is kidnapped in Santa Monica with the FBI believing they are once again dealing with the Upright Man serial killer . Former cop John Zandt and his friend FBI agent Nina look to find Sarah before she is killed like the three others before her . John and Nina cross paths with Bobby and Ward . They begin working together making the necessary connections to find the Upright Man and his supporters the Straw Men.Eerie , gothic like suspense that has more realistic twists and turns than the world 's most serpentine roller-coaster , THE STRAW MEN never slows the ride until even Yogi would agree it 's over . From the very beginning readers connect with a befuddled Ward at a very fundamental level . Fans root for him and his cohorts to succeed in their interconnected missions that seem so hopeless . Michael Marshall 's debut novel is a very special reading experience for crime thriller fans.Harriet Klausner
 Marshall hits the ground running in one of the best mystery/thriller debuts this year . I picked up this book due to Stephen King 's review that it was scary as hell . King was right . Marshall sure knows how to build the suspense as he plots seemingly random events and connects the dots well into the book . It looks to be the first book in a projected series and I ca n't wait for the continuation!For those of you who hate shifting viewpoints , you may be disaappointed , but Marshall does pull it off well without distracting from the story.If you 're in the mood for something scary , something mysterious , by a new writer ... this is a darn good bet !
 Michael Marshall -LRB- a.k.a. Michael Marshall Smith , author of SPARES , ONE OF US , and ONLY FORWARD -RRB- has written one of the best novels of 2002-THE STRAW MEN . Unlike his previous futuristic novels , this one takes place in the present day with flashbacks to the past . It 's actually two stories -LRB- each story could have easily been turned into a successful novel -RRB- in one , which come together in the last hundred pages to create an ending that will scare the living daylights out of you with regards to the evil that mankind is capable of perpetrating . The first story deals with Ward Hopkins , ex-C.I.A. , who returns home to Dyersburg , Montana to attend the funeral of his dead parents , both of which were killed in a tragic car accident . What Ward eventually discovers while going through his old home is that his parents may not have been who he thought they were and that quite possibly they may still be alive , but in hiding from a deadly organization that refers to itself as The Straw Men . With the help of his good buddy , C.I.A. agent Bobby Nygard , Ward starts searching for answers and inadvertently sets in motion several attempts by The Straw Men to eliminate both him and his friend . The second story deals with a serial killer known as The Upright Man who takes his victims from the Los Angeles area of California . When young Sarah Becker disappears one evening while sitting in front of a Barnes & Noble bookstore in Santa Monica , waiting for her father to return , F.B.I. agent Nina Baynam realizes that The Upright Man has returned after being dormant for two years . She enlists the help of ex LAPD Homicide Detective , John Zandt , who 'd once helped her to hunt this serial killer , until his own daughter became a victim . John , however , is determined that Sarah Becker is n't going to die . He 's going to do everything in his power to save her and to kill The Upright Man in a final act of revenge for destroying his life two years before . Both stories will slowly converge into one as Ward , Bobby , Nina and John discover that 's there something much more deadly out there than just a single serial killer , and that it 's going to take all of their strength and courage to fight this force of evil that 's killing our children . THE STRAW MEN is a tour de force for Michael Marshall . The plot is intricately woven with strong , compelling characters that drive the story forward like a battering ram . Mr. Marshall knows how to end each chapter with a hook that keeps the reader glued to every single page in a frantic attempt to find out what 's going to happen next . The last forty pages of this novel blew me away and will leave you literally speechless , not to mention fearful that the possibility of what the author suggests is , in fact , true . I sincerely hope that Mr. Marshall is already at work on a sequel to this breathtaking , utterly scary novel about man 's capacity to commit evil and that Hollywood , if it has any sense , has already picked up the screen rights . THE STRAW MEN is one of those tremendous surprises that all readers of suspense crave from the inner sanctum of their souls . Buy it , read it , pass it on to your friends , then see if you can sleep at night without having nightmares that The Straw Men may be coming for you . HIGHLY RECOMMENDED !!!!!!
 Although presented at first as a standalone thriller , Michael Marshall 's The Straw Men eventually became the first volume of a tightly-linked trilogy . This matters because , although a satisfying read on its own terms , the novel is structured more like a `` part one . '' Two storylines , the first-person narrative of a grieving estranged son and a third-person account of a ex-cop on a serial killer investigation to which he has a very personal connection , run in parallel for much of the book 's length , only coming together about two-thirds of the way through . Both stories are interesting , but neither has the fast pace usually expected in a thriller , and the style , which strives for dark insight into contemporary life , has its drawbacks . There are , however , enough twists and turns and effective passages to keep up the reader 's interest right through to the explosive finale.Ward Hopkins , formerly a low-level CIA employee and now floating through life as best he can , is the prodigal son returning home , but for a double funeral rather than a joyous reunion . Guilty over his distance from his parents and having trouble processing their deaths , he enters entirely new emotional territory when he finds a carefully hidden note that says `` Ward , we 're not dead . '' His search for an explanation leads him to a videotape , a private enclave for the incredibly wealthy , and a shocking secret about his parents . Meanwhile , former police detective John Zandt , tracked down by his FBI agent ex-lover , is once again searching for the serial killer known as The Upright Man , who had once kidnapped Zandt 's daughter ; her body was never found . Now another young woman has disappeared , and Zandt must confront the terrible secret he 's been in flight from for so long.As this summary suggests , the plot of The Straw Men is laced with thriller-style implausibilities . -LRB- Criminals in fiction , evidently feeling a deep concern for narrative urgency , are forever targeting relatives of investigator protagonists ; has this ever happened in real life ? -RRB- Some of the eventual twists , though clever , are so unlikely they make the novel feel more garishly lurid than the genuinely dark story it 's supposed to be . Marshall touches on topics of great contemporary relevance -- inexplicable and frightening mass violence , the isolated and self-indulgent lives of the super-rich -- but the narrative elements involved are so out there they can function solely as a kind of grotesquely exaggerated metaphor for those topics . Which works , but only up to a point.In keeping with this flawed ambition are the two narrative voices . Both Ward 's first person and the third person describing Zandt carry a biting cynicism not unfamiliar to readers of crime fiction , and in both cases the cynicism soon becomes a little wearying . In Ward 's case , it 's because he 's not well-developed enough as a character to generate either sympathy or interest . His sorrow and regret over the loss of his parents works , but that 's quickly displaced , and then all the reader has is his habit of describing what he sees with a mocking edge , as though he feels superior to everything and everyone . Of course this attitude conceals some degree of self-hatred , but that is n't brought into the foreground enough to balance the character 's glibness . The third-person prose is more obviously philosophical , and has a stylistic sharpness that makes it enjoyable to read , but its observations tend toward the well-worn . Here is an excerpt to give a flavor : `` Lights and signs in the darkness , half-seen faces , the rustle and honk of life on just another of those evenings in a city whose heart never seems to be quite where you are , but is always around a corner , or down that street , or the other side of hulking buildings in some new club whose glory nights will be over before you 've even heard of it . Between there and here a clutch of cheap hotels , dusty liquor stores , car lots selling vehicles of dubious provenance ; a tatty herd of people waiting on street corners with nothing very positive in mind ; a veldt of concrete bunkers housing businesses that will swallow countless hollow lives without ever being quoted on NASDAQ . Gradually the change to residential streets , and then into Venice . From the outside , on the right streets , Venice can look like it 's trying to claw itself back upmarket . Some of the property is expensive , in a -LSB- lousy -RSB- International style . Every now and then you 'll see a tattered piece of 1950s signage , something exuberant that harks back to flash bulbs and frozen glamor . Most have been torn down now , replaced by brutal information boards stamped out in Helvetica , the official typeface of purgatory . Helvetica is n't designed to make you feel anything good , to promise adventure or gladden the heart . Helvetica is for telling you that profits are down , that the photocopier needs servicing and by the way , you 've been fired.Finally , Santa Monica . Nicer houses , small offices , places to get Japanese food and the London Times . The sea , with a pier that was born in sepia but knows those days are over . The Palisades up above , busy Ocean Avenue , then the first line of hotels and restaurants . The sense , from somewhere , that this suburb had once been a town . Perhaps it 's the sea that makes it feel that way , that gives an impression that this community is here for a reason . In places it still is , still feels as if it has a relationship to its environment that goes beyond simply having flattened it . Stores and cafes and places to be , places to walk into and to buy from . You could live there and understand where you were , as the Becker family had until recently . It 's not a real place , but then so little of Los Angeles is real , and the parts that are real are the places you do n't want to be . Real is for people with guns and hangovers . Real is what you want to avoid . LA believes itself full of magic , and sometimes can even feel that way , but much of this is a mutually agreed upon sleight of hand . You can stand in one place and believe that one day you 'll be a movie star -- stand somewhere else , and you 'll believe that you 'll soon be dead . You know that what you see is a trick , but still you want to believe . `` That 's mostly a nice piece of writing , although it has its excesses -LRB- `` the official typeface of purgatory '' -RRB- . But what is it really saying ? That big cities can be grim places , that they offer none of the sense of community that some people derive from smaller places , that they are often built on illusions never to be realized ? We 've heard that all before . Less elegantly expressed , it 's the theme of many a cop movie or detective novel , and while it makes for powerful images , it does n't tell us anything about people who live , and live happily , in such environments . The pessimism of dark crime fiction can , in the hands of a stylist like Marshall , be a strangely dazzling thing , but its insights have their limits.These complaints are mostly about less-important aspects of The Straw Men ; I focus on them only because I , and maybe some other readers , have high expectations for Marshall based on his other work -LRB- much of it published under his full name , Michael Marshall Smith -RRB- . As an entertainment , the book works very well , balancing its plotlines and secrets so well that despite the slow pace it 's never boring . Marshall is unafraid to examine the darkest impulses at work in modern life , the ways in which seemingly ordinary people do monstrous things for money , for power , or to sate their own terrible appetites . All of this can make for uncomfortable reading . Perhaps this should go without saying about a serial killer novel , but those bothered by direct -LRB- but never exploitative -RRB- descriptions of sadistic violence and cruelty should avoid The Straw Men . But if you 're looking for a stylish thriller that confronts , if a little awkwardly , some of the darkest aspects of 21st-century life , check this one out , and look for its sequels , The Lonely Dead -LRB- US title The Upright Man -RRB- and Blood of Angels .
 I had read and liked this book years ago . Wanted to share it with a friend , found it for a great price and got it for her . It is a good book .
 This series is excellent , edge of your seat reading . Both of us really enjoyed all three books ! They were in great condition .
 Very well-written with a clever narrative style , it made me flinch in fear and at other times , laugh embarrassingly loud . Other than a few distracting Briticisms , the writing was flawless . It reminded me a bit of John Connolly 's Charlie Parker series . And I was ecstatic to learn that _ The Straw Men _ is the first book of a trilogy . This is , unfortunately , not well-advertised , but I immediately ordered the remained books -LRB- _ The Lonely Dead _ -LRB- aka _ The Upright Man _ -RRB- and _ Blood of Angels _ -RRB- , and I am really looking forward to reading them !
 The book is a smooth read . Somewhat predictable but good character development and a ending that welcomes a sequel that has just been released . Defiantly a must have book for the beach or camping trip . I give it a 7.5 out of 10 .
 I agree with one of the other reviews that the plot was muddy , but that did n't detract from the good time I had reading this book . I understand this was Marshall 's first book , so he 'll probably resolve that with more practice . Obviously this is not great literature , and I do n't think it was meant to be . But this book has me practically holding my breath for the next installment -LRB- which I 'm sure there will be . -RRB- I really enjoyed the characters , and would like to see them again in a sequel . The story line had a very relevent message that might not interest everyone , but it sure interested me . It was an idea I 'd never thought of , and once presented it grabbed a hold of my imagination to the extent that it actually began to become plausible . The way he brought the characters together was logical , and I appreciate that . Also , a silly little thing , but I really enjoyed Marshall 's vocabulary . It 's not often you find a paperback with a decent turn of the word . I think this book was a good read , especially for a vacation or travel when you 've got the time to read it straight through , because that 's what you 'll want to do once you buy into the plot . And then you 'll do what I 'm doing , looking for a way to get a head 's up when Michael Marshall writes his next book.-c
 I tend to read compulsively and not only could I not put this book down , I did n't even think of putting it down . I sailed through it without a care in the world as to how much time I was spending . My only complaint is I think the book should have been twice as long to flesh out the multiple plot lines and logical jumps that are a little shakey . The plot is so original I felt a little shortchanged at how `` conveniently '' he wraps up certain threads and glosses over numerous details . If you 're asking me the book felt edited with a sledge hammer . Also , to be frank , I just did n't want the story to end!What a great writer Marshall is , too . Turns a phrase as well as anyone , has ideas as grandiose as , say , `` The Stand , '' but gets into his characters heads and hearts better than King . If this book were as fully developed as `` The Stand '' it would stand as a real masterpiece on the order of The Lord of The Rings , which , King 's little blurb aside , it misses . Still , if you like suspense , mystery and conspiracy fiction , do n't pass this one up . With any luck this book is the first installment of a series and next time , or at some point , we 'll be treated to a fully realized version of the world Marshall has created .
 `` The Straw Men '' is one of those rare thrillers that gets under your skin . I could n't help but talk to myself , outloud , about the actions transpiring in the novel . Michael Marshall is an astonishing new voice in the mystery genre . His plots did waver a bit , but the overall effect was outrageous . The multiple story lines provide something for all fans . If there is no sequel , there will be a riot !
 This is a thriller that will repay handsomely if read . The basis for the story has enough truth to it to merit a suspension of disbelief . There are an ample supply of red herrings to distract the reader , each of which is plausible . The pacing is a little choppy and the dual points of view -LRB- first person and third person omniscient -RRB- do not blend as well as they ought.On the other hand , the bad guys are very , very bad and the good guys are believable , and largely sympathetic .
 this is one of the few , if only the one , book i 'm going to review , I do n't wa n't to give away to much of the plot , but to say this will be a overlooked sleeper hit , is an understatement , this has become my favorite novel , and it 's the only one i 've considered reading again , the same week , it 's so deep , it 'll grip you so hard , it 'll get inside you , freeze you , chill you to the very bone , it 's incredible , I ca n't speak enough of this , basically it 's about humanity , genes , doublecross , the cia , the fbi , child abductions , serial killers , it 's incredible , eat your heart out silence of the lambs , you do n't exist anymore . buy this . you ca n't go wrong , they seem to be out of it , buy it anywhere you have to , just READ IT . for `` The Truth '' ~ Michael Cellio
 This book was originally written as a series of e-books , each a novella by a different author , linked by a background plot and taking place over a number of years , each story occurring subsequent to the previous one . All of the stories are extremely well-written , handle the characters well and have excellent pacing . Well worth the read for any fan of the original series .
 As Usual Wander Bonanno has written a good Star Trek book . Kept my attention throughout and I enjoyed the story line .
 Received the book in excellent condition and I will be looking forward to reding it when the time comes . If I have a choice of who I purchase a book from it WILL be the same company !!! David .
 I liked this book , abebooks is a great site to purchase from , i read all stories of star trek . the price was just right for me and it can in a timely manner .
 I wanted to write a glowing review of this romance novel , because it is one of my favorites , and because Bernard 's two follow-up books have not lived up to its wonderful promise . But if I was a romance writer , and if I could claim just one book to my name -- I would be proud to have written this one . The two main characters , Merriam and Drake , are about as sexy as two romantic partners get.Yes , this is an erotic book . But the sex scenes push the plot along . They never feel forced or done just because the author thought
 If you can get past the fact that the words `` oh '' , `` oh my '' , or `` incorrigible '' seemed to pop up at least once every 5 pages , it was a very good book . As some of the other reviewers stated , the editing of this book was somewhat lacking . The ending seemed to wrap up a bit fast , but it was a very good read to the very end .
 Merriam Everett decides that the mysterious `` Deadly Duke '' of Sussex would be perfect for a one night stand . However , how to meet him to set up the tryst she desires is going to prove difficult as Drake Sotherton has become a recluse who never ventures out into society since his wife died . Most of the aristocracy believes he killed his spouse , but he believes Lord Julian Clay did the foul deed.Drake attends a masquerade ball where he meets the sensual seductive `` Cat '' . She teases him into a taste of her like no feline has ever done before . Drake goes after her with an ardor that stuns Merriam with the passion she feels . Meanwhile he assumes she is connected to Clay . As he plots vengeance he persuades Merriam to be his mistress though in his mind she is a mouse in his scheme to catch a rat ; a throwaway that he falls in love with as she sends him to levels of euphoria that makes him forget his previous desires.A LADY 'S PLEASURE is an exciting erotic Victorian romantic suspense starring the mouse that roared and the man who goes from using her to loving her . Merriam is a fascinating female as she has plenty to prove while Drake has even more to prove . Their gender battles make for a fine tale with a late suspense spin involving Clay . Sub-genre fans will enjoy this fine historical.Harriet Klausner
 Really enjoyed this story . If you like this genre then I definitely recommend reading this book . Just 4 more words ...
 A Lady 's Pleasure by Renee Bernard is a very sexual book - which is not a bad thing . In this novel Merriam is a widow known at the mouse but decides to step outside her comfort zone and seduce a rake . Of course things go wrong and people beleive lies but it quite the journey . Looking forward to her next book Madame 's Deception coming out - Aug 28 , 2007 .
 Masterful nobility , rebellious ladies -- this is a great spin on the dustyTon historical genre . Well written with an unpredictable turn of events -- this author jumps to the top of the new author pile . While it 's easy to put a modern sensibility on a character from the 1800 's , it 's more difficult to put authentic responses to a character true of the time period . Although the sensuality and passion rule the characters decisions , it 's not difficult to understand , given the strict choices offered within their society , why the couple is willing to risk so much . For the female characters especially , ruin is a reality of the time period and passion out of marriage is highly costly of reputation and even potential `` freedom '' . She could be considered `` mad '' from sensuality and sent to a mental institution . Give yourself a treat and dive into this lush , erotic celebration of great storytelling .
 HEY , MAYBE MY TASTE ARE SIMPLE , BUT THIS BOOK WAS MY FIRST TASTE OF THE EROTIC HISTORICAL ROMANCE NOVEL GENRE AND SINCE READING IT I CA N'T GET ENCOUGH ! I REALLY WISH MS BERNARD WOULD WRITE MORE ! I WAS ENTRALLED BY THE PLOT THE CHARACTERS THE SETTING AND OF COURSE THE SIZZLING LOVE SCENES THAT LEAPED OFF THE PAGES DRAWING ME IN ! I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS BOOK !
 This book is most erotic and STEAMY among the historical I 've read ... I like to first half part where the Hero stalker the Heroine , half rest not very intriguing compare the first half part.Anyway this give me a variety of the romance book I 've read .
 I Believe I have found another Great Romance Author this book was very sensual and at the same time it was funny and adventous . This was a page turner I could not put it down . The characters are very well developed the story is easy to read and very well written . I will re-read this book again it is a Keeper and the next ones in this series , A Madames Deception and a Rogues game are just as Great ca n't wait for more books from Renee Bernard !!!!
 Renee Bernard has done an excellent job in this wonderful read.This is her debut and it is bold . This is one of the most erotic historical romances I 've read ... but well done . Bernard has a flare for drawing likeable , believeable characters and I ca n't wait to read the next book by her !
 I LOVED THIS BOOK ! A Lady 's Pleasure is Renee Bernard 's debut novel . I have to tell you that I am waiting on pins and needles for her next book , Madame 's Deception , due at the end of this month.The sex scenes were awesome . Any book that starts out with sex in the very first chapter is a book that I 'm not likely to put down until I 've read it cover to cover , which was the case with A Lady 's Pleasure . The story was good too . Drake Sotherland and Merriam Everett were both extremely well developed characters . Lots of description and interesting dialogue.Each scene was set very well with just the right amount of description without giving too much . The secondary characters added to the story without being unnecessary distractions . There was just enough about two of the secondary characters to make you hope for a 2nd book -LRB- and luckily there will be one -RRB- . Sensuality Rating
 If you 've loved Lisa Valdez , Candice Hern and Elizabeth Hoyt , then discover a new and passionate author who 'll leave you breathless . Merriam Everett is out for revenge against the arrogant lord who disparaged her . For one night only she 'll transform herself into a captivating lady of the night and then seduce and discard her unknowing tormenter . But then , `` the best laid plans . . '' and all that , it seems like she might have got the wrong man . Drake Sotherton , The Duke of Sussex has only recently returned to England after a self imposed exile , and like Merriam he 's seeking revenge against Julian Clay . His plan is to seduce Clay 's mistress to begin then path to his destruction . However though the initial encounter was fierier then he expected he and the lady never exactly exchanged names and now he has to track down the masked temptress to continue his plan . Merriam meanwhile is suffering the joint agonies of mortification and yearning , and when Drake finally finds her and offers her the position of his mistress she throws caution to the wind and embraces a passion that sweeps her up and scandalizes all who know her . Drake can not reconcile this shy , sweet woman with the position of lover to Julian Clay , and his uncontrollable desire for her threatens to undo all his carefully laid plans . This is fantastic stuff !! Intense , passionate and erotic , Renee Bernard has created a couple beset with secrets but determined to fully embrace their incendiary bond .
 Interesting story line , great read . Read the whole book in 41/2 hrs. , could not put it down !
 I just finished this book last night and I 'm still hot and steamy ! I love the transformation story of this mouse of a widow dressed in drab colors to a beautiful , colorful , sexually confident lady ! There is a great story complete with mystery , suspense and surprise that keeps the pages turning in between the steamy love scenes . And let me just say , those scenes literally leap off the page with such vivid language and creativity that enthralls the senses and leaves me wanting even more ! Congratulations to Miss Bernard ! I will happily -LRB- and anxiously -RRB- await the next book ! Bravo !
 A fine tale of mistaken identity and sexual discovery . A good story needs to have characters you care about and a good plot line as well as great sex . This is a good story .
 A warning that perhaps you should n't read this in public if your prone to blush , giggle or break out into a sweat by reading explicit and * inventive * love scenes.Drake , the Duke of Sussex is out for revenge for the death of his adulterous wife and Merriam , the shy plain faced widow is caught in the middle of the his scheme unwittingly . She mistakenly seduces him at a masked ball in which she determined to bring another rake to his knees -LRB- literally -RRB- and leave him hanging with her new found sexual confidence . So it is the Duke she seduces and later is unable to resist the tension between them and becomes his mistress . But what will happen when the Duke discovers that he has lost heart to the one women he was wrong about and betrayed?This is ONE HOT BOOK ! I 'm pretty jaded when it comes to love scenes . Most historical romances contain the same ` scenes ' at nauseum , but not here ! I 've never read a book with SO MANY love scenes and they were well written too . Unfortunately , I feel that the ` romance ' part suffered a bit because of this . You really do n't feel the emotional side of the characters , rather its more of a primative or lusting-type love . There is essentially no buildup since the encounters are so frequent and start VERY early in the book . Its a different approach to writing -LRB- although not neccessarily worse -RRB- , but it lead me to care less for the characters than if the tension was strung-out a bit.I know this is Bernards first work and I have to commend her on her bold statement , but I have to mention a few irritating points . I agree with another reviewer , the description of time period -LRB- regency ? victorian ? -RRB- is sorely lacking . Sometimes the writing was jumpy -LRB- a fault of the editors -RRB- and I found scenes abruptly ending and new ones begining practically within the same paragraph . And the repetition of ` Oh my ! and ` Your incorrigible ' was annoying.That being said , I really did enjoy the book and I have hopes that Bernard will improve in her next novel -LRB- how can anyone resist a book about a Madames Deception ? -RRB- So if you like lots of explicit love scenes -LRB- Kleypas and Jeffries watch out ! -RRB- with two likeable characters and do n't mind the lack of emotional build-up and the decidedly weak revenge plot , this ones for you .
 A steamy debut novel and a new voice in erotic romance , ' A Lady 's Pleasure ` is a breathtaking story of mistaken identity.The hero of this tale , Drake , is back in Town from a self-inflicted exile to seek revenge on his wife 's supposed murderer and lover , Lord Westleigh . Once best friends , each is out to ruin the other.Merriam , the once meek little mouse is also set on revenge against Lord Westleigh for calling her a `` whey-faced widow '' . Her plan
 Drake Sotherton , the Duke of Sussex leaves England years ago under suspicion of the murder of his wife and returns as the `` Deadly Duke . '' His best friend , Julian Clay , the Earl of Westleigh , who seems to have been involved in some way with his ex-wife 's death and also was the main accuser of pointing to Drake as her murderer , are involved again in a struggle over a woman . This time it is Merriam Everett , a plain widow , who overhears Julian make a comment about her being a `` whey-faced widow . '' She seeks the guidance of a famous courtesan and changes herself into a luring beauty in order to attend a masquerade ball and lure Julian into a evening of unforgettable sex and then leave him wanting . A change of costumes and mistaken identity cause Merriam instead to have an evening of passion with Drake , who has no idea about Merriam 's plan , and wants nothing more then to find this sexy beauty after this unforgettable evening of intense pleasure . He discovers there is some connection with her to Julian and takes the wrong meaning of the connection and decides to take her as a mistress and use her as a means for revenge . Merriam agrees only because she is drawn to Drake , not knowing what is going on around her and that danger is building . As the eroctism and danger increases , the mystery unfolds to an intense and surprise ending . Renee Bernard 's story and character development and ability to create a well-developed story around well-written , passionate , erotic sex scenes is perfection . This story has the main ingredient for intense passion - vengeance . A truly pleasurable read and a book difficult to put down . I am looking forward to many more erotic historicals by Renee Bernard .
 I have a friend who knows the author and highly recommended this -LRB- her debut -RRB- and the rest of the series . I am pretty picky but I like to give new authors a try . And I was pleasantly surprised.Like everyone has said ... it is VERY steamy ! I am used to such love scenes but not so many in one book . Not that I am complaining ; - -RRB- Although her story is n't as captivating as Judith McNaught , Lisa Kleypas , or Julia Quinn -LRB- my all time favs -RRB- , it was very entertaining AND , most importantly , it was unique . I LOVE regency romance and it is hard to find any new plots . But the story of one daring night and how Merriam thought to tease one man but thoroughly seduced another was ingenious and amusing . Ms. Bernard 's writing was such that I pictured myself in Merriam 's position and could feel what she was feeling
 This novel was just scrumptious . I loved it ! It was hot too . Someone hand me an Aquafina.Merriam Everett is shy and unassuming , but decides to go for one adventure and seduces the enemy of the man that once jilted her . That man is Drake Sotherton . He 's returned to avenge himself and he gets distracted by an encounter with Merriam.They find each other again and strike a deal to discover and explore the passion between them . There is a mystery in this story , but I hardly paid it any attention because of the sensual and fiery relationship developing between Merriam and Drake . You just start reading and focus on them , they are so hot together and so vivid . If a spicy , erotic romance is what you are looking for then read this book , but make sure you have a cold glass of water near , you are going to need it . ; D
 This book is one of the best I have read in a long time . It was reallyrefreshing . The romance , the mystery was just so fine . I am glad wehave a new author , who is willing to go all out for her books . She isjust great . Hopefully she will write a lot of novels for us .
 If you love hot , fun , wonderful Victorian era romance , you are going to love Renee Bernard . This was my first of her books , but not my last !
 Great book . Was very delightful and entertaining . Would recommend it highly to anyone who loves a wonderful romantic and sensual story .
 `` Oh my GOSH ! '' Talk about Hot , Sexy , and Sizzling . I read this book from cover to cover non-stop . The hero is sooooooooo sexy . Great sex scenes throughout the entire story . The heroine is a bit mousey . However , when it comes down to it she really gets loose . I enjoyed this so much I read it twice . Definately a keeper !
 I read this book straight through , even though it meant losing half my sleep for the night . But I could n't help it . I was hooked from the first scene . I loved both main characters , as much for their flaws as their strengths , and the secondary characters were just as interesting . I would have thought that with this many love scenes -LRB- ooh , la , la :--RRB- , a book would have to lack plot because how could someone fit it all in ? But this book had plenty of plot . I was n't even sure who the killer was until the end . No boring beginning here , no sagging middle , no convenient ending ; Ms. Bernard 's debut is simply fantastic with plenty of mystery , plot , characterization and -LRB- need I say it ? -RRB- scorching hot sex . I only just found out about her , thanks to a reader who mentioned her at Dear Author , but I 've already got her 2nd book and will get the 3rd asap . She wo n't be able to write fast enough for me !
 This book gets right into it , the first chapter is full of very hot sex which appears quite steadily throughout the story . But typically such steam falls apart without a good story , but fortunately this noval has . In a case of mistaken identity , the lead character Merriam Everett , a shy , conservative young widow , seduces the wrong man in an act of revenge at being called a `` whey faced widow '' . Thus begins the mingling story lines as she goes through her normal daily routines eventually learning she did seduce the wrong man , and as the man she did seduce-Drake Sotherton-tries to figure out who she was . Until they meet and the sparks fly . This book had me chuckling , blushing , and reading on ! And underneath it all was the on-going story of Drake and Julian -LRB- the man Merriam meant to seduce -RRB- - their painful shared past , and Drake 's suspicions that somehow Julian and Merriam are in league together . A few times I did find myself skimming through some sex scenes as I really wanted to find out what happened next as 3 or 4 pages of passion was a bit of an interuption to that story . But overall , it more than met it 's purpose to entertain ! Ca n't wait to read more of her books !
 I just read a first book by author Renee Bernard - A Lady 's Pleasure . It is an erotica book but the book looks like a regular historical romance . OK , maybe it looks a bit spicy , but definitely readable at work with the cover art . In any event I absolutely loved it and strongly recommend this book.I kept being sucked in deeper and deeper , and by the time I was done was thrilled to have found a new must read author . I was disappointed that this was a first book , because I ca n't go immediately read everything else in the backlist , but excited to have found a newly published author I love . The secondary characters are wonderfully portrayed and their world seemed so real that I would be very surprised if there were not even more books in this series . -LRB- And the next one is due in August , 2007 . -RRB- I did not realize when I first started the book that it was a racy one and those are my favorites . I am just thrilled in so many ways by this book .
 I really liked how this book started out . Very interesting and different . It was a good read . Worth buying .
 Ignorance
 The Ups and Downs of Being RoundTaste My SoulOnce again Jacquelin Thomas has brought a very serious issue that teens are facing to the light ... online safety . The characters are real . The situations are real , and the book is entertaining from cover to cover.Monica Marie JonesAuthor of `` The Ups and Downs of Being Round '' and `` Taste My Soul ''
 I have given this book to one of the young people in our ministry . I plan to purchase a couple of additional copies to give to a couple of the other Young Women in our ministry . The book hit on a lot of subjects that pertain to teenagers in our churches today . The book was not a difficult read at all , but told the truth about life and the consequences to our decisions .
 Divine is in love with her boo , Madison . He 's all that she thinks about and she believes that this is it ! The greatest love ever until he decides he ca n't continue to wait for her . He needs more face time and her family simply is n't having all of that . Lost in misery , Divine soon becomes petty and , dare I say , jealous . Alyssa is her cousin and her loyalty should be to her , but every time she turns around , Alyssa is on the phone with Stephan forgetting all about her . Not to mention Chance , who has created a new strangle hold on her social life with his impending drama . Divine finds herself with nothing to do and no one to talk to . From internet shopping , emails and blogging , Divine finds the internet to be her newest ally . While she 's certain that she understands all of the rules to surfing the web , she quickly forgets as she 's wrapped up in Sean , a 16-year-old who lives in Atlanta and understands all of the issues she 's dealing with.With so much on her plate , her mom 's newest friend , her dad 's marriage , her cousin 's relationships and her loneliness , Divine makes some very mature decisions.DIVINE CONFIDENTIAL was a very good read . This series is truly growing on me . I enjoy how the little diva is learning about God and applying it to her daily life and dealing with teen issues as they come . ALSO I really enjoy how Jacquelin Thomas presents the lessons and they are n't preachy.Definitely a recommended teen read !
 I recommend this book for all teens . The whole series are great reads and lessons that you will enjoy reading . Great Job Jacqueline Thomas !
 I 'm a big fan of Jacquelin Thomas and her adult novels so I figured I 'd purchase the Divine Series for a teenager at church -LRB- 14yr old -RRB- . She has thanked me over and over again for the books and said they were great ! Her mom said that she would n't even come out of her room because she was spending so much time reading . If you 're looking for books to interest your teenager without all the adult language and inappropriate substance , this is the series you 're looking for . The books have great , teen relevant , story lines and are wonderfully written . You too will become a Jacquelin Thomas fan . Enjoy !
 This book was just what I needed . I just started as freshmeat with the Philly Roller Girls and read this book before I went to tryouts . It gave me an inside look at what I might expect in the derby world . Reading about Melissa 's experience coming into her league and starting from scratch was really inspiring . She explains what it takes to be a derby girl , what to expect , how tough it all really is , and how rewarding it and the derby community can be . I definitely recommend this book if you 're at all interested in the most recent derby revolution . It 's taking over and it 's awesome !
 Amazing , witty and informative . Melicious ' book taught me new ways to practice , ways to perfect my persona and even how to develop an awesome signature for autographs . This book is amazing for girls just starting their derby adventure and for girls that have been in the `` biz '' for years . I ate it UP ! Ace Face , Star City Rollergirls . Roanoke , VA. .
 This book was very down to earth , a very easy and entertaining read . Any new commers to the sport will learn the rules and atmosphere to where anyone would be able to `` jump in '' and understand and enjoy roller derby .
 A must-read for anyone at all interested in life . This book combines an infectious blend of chronic optimism , Taoist compassion , the divine feminine and kick-ass living that appeals to all ages ... young and not so young . Ladies
 As a new Derby Girl , I am rapidly becoming obsessed with all things Derby , so this book was a natural buy for me.Really fun and easy-to-read , this book is filled with crazy stories , profiles of some of the skaters -LRB- and teams -RRB- , a wacky section on picking one 's derby persona and name , and great photos . Although the author continuously claims that she is `` not cool '' in real life , one would never know it . She has great wit and tells her story with charm , vivaciousness and intelligence ... what could be more cool?I highly recommend this book , even if you 're not a Derby Girl . For some people , it may be the closest they come to getting to know one !
 From Austin , Texas to Seattle , Washington all the way to the Big Apple , even as far as Great Britain and New Zealand , roller derby is back and it 's for real ! All over the United States and the world , groups of strong , tough , determined women are lacing up their skates , strapping on helmets , elbow and knee pads and mouth protectors to go out and show what they 're made of on the oval track . This book , by Melissa ` Melicious ' Joulwan , is the definitive story of the birth and explosive growth of the flat track roller derby revolution as told by one of the women who started it all.Beginning with her own introduction to the sport as a spectator in Austin , Texas circa 2001 , Melicious tells how the Texas roller derby revival made its first shaky steps , on to the founding of the Texas Rollergirls , of which she was an original member , through their first season championship and culminating with their victory at the 2006 Dust Devil National Championship in which the best players of 20 different leagues from cities all across the U.S. competed in the one place for the very first time . In addition , the story is augmented throughout with quotes , anecdotes and profiles of a variety of rollergirls , mostly from original members of the Texas Rollergirls , but also including some members from other leagues , including Seattle 's Rat City Rollergirls . Full disclosure
 I loved recounting some of the things that I encountered in my rise to rollerderbyness!I 'm glad I bought this book . I generally read novels , etc. , and rarely read biography type books , but this one is AWESOME !
 Because that 's what this book is going to make you wan na do ! Great history about the modern revival of derby . If you 're even thinking about joining a league , read this book !! It 'll make you wan na skate more than ever . And if you 're already in derby , it 'll just make you even more glad you 're part of the movement !!
 I just got this book today and ca n't put it down ! It reminds me of my own derby experiences ... it 's the Story of my Life !
 I could not get enough of this book ! Melicious has written an perfect description of today 's roller derby that mirrors my own experiences . And , she 's done it with humor and accurate detail . Even if you are not involved in this sport , I am certain it would still be a fascinating read . Its an entertaining and informative peek into a world not many will experience .
 I 'm not sure which is more fun
 I picked this up just weeks into learning how to skate on quads in an effort to join my local league . I read it in record time , feeling her passion , experiencing the ups and downs , and celebrating along the way . It really ignited my interest in roller derby and helped me to not give up . I just participated in my first bout , and then I really understood the high and elation expressed in Rollergirl . This easy and interesting read is perfect for anyone who is curious about flat track derby , loves sports , or is a fan or rollergirl .
 Finding books on the sport of Roller Derby is hard . I was thrilled to read this and could not put it down ! I finished it in less than a day . It had a fun section on how to choose a Derby Name -LRB- of course I read this right after name submissions -RRB- and I learned why so many leagues are `` by the skater , for the skater ! '' I had never considered what it would be like to be in a league where the board was n't as concerned with our safety as our board is . I appreciate how much hard work went into forming my league and I am so grateful to the girls that paved the way.Thank you so much Melicious ! You entertained me and made me learn something at the same time !
 I loved this book !! I could not put it down ! I loved it so much that got my book club to read it and they loved it too -LRB- even though I 'm the only one who plays roller derby -RRB- . I would highly recommend it to anybody who is into roller derby .
 I bought this book just before buying a pair of beginner skates and deciding that roller derby might be just what I want to do.I wanted a firsthand account of starting derby out of nowhere from newbie to veteran.More or less , this is what I got . The fresh meat part was n't as thorough as I 'd hoped , but it was still nice to get some insight.The writing is fun and light , and its an easy read to just keep turning the page , turning the page . Melicious has a great sense of humor and really adds personality to the book -LRB- as if it could possibly be lacking when its about derby girls !! -RRB- I totally reccomend the book , and as a plus it comes with a lot of pics and some background on how the flat track derby league was started.I also reccomend watching `` Hell on Wheels '' to understand the work and trials that the original derby gal 's overcame in order for the sport to bew what it is today .
 Loved it . Read it . If you do n't skate it will make you want to start , if you do it will make you want to skate better .
 Nice book on history of present wave of roller derby . Cute memoir . Good for anyone having interest in subject matter , probably not so much for you if you do n't like roller derby or memoirs .
 Any roller derby gal starting a league or joining a league should get ahold of this book - and roller derby enthusiasts should be just as intrigued . Melicious from the Texas Rollergirls -LRB- flat track association -RRB- tells her roller derby saga - from watching her first bout , to joining the Bad Girls Good Woman league to the split in factions and subsequent formation of the Texas Rollergirls and Texas Lonestar Roller Derby Girls . Anyone interested in the Woman 's Flat Track Roller Derby Association -LRB- WFTDA -RRB- could also benefit from this book , as it tells the tale of how the whole dang flat track revolution started . An easy read from front to back , Rollergirl Totally True Tales From the Track , was worth every penny .
 Roller derby is back , but very different from the banked track derby that many people remember from the 70 's . The reimagination of derby as a flat track , skater-run sport started with a single league in Texas in 2003 . Today , there are leagues of smart , strong women all over the country ready and willing to step into their skates and knock a bitch down.A fascinating history of flat track roller derby , starting with the founding of the Texas Rollergirls in 2003 , and continuing through th Dust Devil National Championship in 2006 . Quotes , stories , and profiles from real rollergirls , in addition to fast-paced derby action , make this a book that will be almost impossible for skaters or fans of derby to put down.Melicious describes her immediate enchantment with the sport after seeing a bout and her subsequent trip to the rink for her first practice . I could relate because I had the same reaction . Even though I had n't been on skates since middle school , my local team has welcomed me and is patiently teaching me how to hold my own on eight wheels.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED .
 I attended the very same roller derby bout that inspired Melicious to become a rollergirl . I was awed and wildly entertained by the spectacle of roller derby and really wanted to join up myself . Unlike Melicious I was too scared to do something that looked like soooo much fun . The girls out there just looked so intense . I just did n't think there was any way I could do something like that . I 've continued to attend roller derby and have enjoyed the heck out of it . But , I always wished I had the courage to try-out . So , when I received ` Rollergirl ' as a present last month I was thrilled to read about a sport that I enjoyed watching so much . I 'm happy to say that I loved this book . It 's fun , and entertaining , with tons of great stories about the early days of the roller derby revival . I enjoyed reading about all the behind-the-scenes stuff , and the fun stories of roller derby drama.The best part , is that this book inspired me to finally pursue my dream of being a rollergirl . The way Melicious describes her league and her fellow rollergirls made them seem strong , but also human . The more I read , the more I realized that roller derby is full of regular chicks just like me . They practice hard , and they skate like demons but they are real people . So , I 'm officially inspired to try-out . I 've got my speed skates , skate lessons , and tons of gear . I 've also got butterflies in my stomach and a whole lot of admiration for Melicious for showing me that I could do something I really wanted to do.Thanks !
 Imagine living a fairly quiet life , having come out of the `` dog eat dog '' corporate world and moved to laid-back Austin , Texas . A real , enjoyable change has taken place in your life . However , one day you go and see a flat track roller derby match , and you are hooked so much by what you have seen , you decide to try out for roller derby.This is just the beginning of a personal journey by author Melissa Joulwan , aka
 Not only does this book explain the neat history of derby and the even neater story of the author 's rise to derby stardom , it gives the reader a wicked personal boost . Melicious ' positive attitude is refreshing and infectious . It 's high time we have a strong , smart , and savvy role model who proves that women of all ages and all backgrounds can excel both on and off the track . The perfect gift for your friends , moms , kids , etc. .
 When Melissa Joulwan saw her first roller derby bout way back in 2001 , she was immediately hooked . Having just moved to Austin and looking for ways to reinvent herself , the chance to become Melicious , a roller derby powerhouse , seemed like the answer to her prayers . Little did she know what she -- and the rest of the world -- was in for.As a sport that had come in and out of fashion since the Great Depression , roller derby was all but dead when a gang of girls from Austin , Texas got ahold of it . Through hard work , determination , and an unwavering desire to strap on a pair of skates and knock each other over , the Texas Rollergirls single-handedly launched a flat-track roller derby revolution . Currently the fastest growing women 's sport in America and boasting over 160 DIY , grassroots leagues in cities across the nation , roller derby has broken barriers , changed lives , and formed countless relationships and communities.As one of the founding members of the Texas Rollergirls , Melicious has been there from the beginning , and in Rollergirl she spills it all -- the early interleague drama , the first public bouts , the heartbreaking and bone crushing injuries , and the `` by the skaters , for the skaters '' ethos that has sustained roller derby through thick and thin . A memoir , a history book , a how-to manual , and all told in an intimate , conspiratorial tone , Rollergirl is an epic ode to a sport that 's so much more than just a game . You do n't have to love derby to get a kick out of Rollergirl , but I dare you to remain indifferent once you finish . In fact , you might just find yourself compelled to don a pair of fishnets and seek out a slice of glory on your own eight wheels.And somewhere , anywhere , there 's a roller derby league waiting with open arms to take you in -- and knock you down .
 I loved this book so much !! I could not put it down . It covers everything you should or wanted to know about Women 's Flat Track Derby . It 's a must read for all rookies with 101 Roller Derby but everyone can relate to something in the book . As a veteran skater , I feel blessed to play one of the fastest growing sports for women ! BY THE SKATERS , FOR THE SKATERS . A special thanks to Melissa ... and all the Texas Rollergirls .
 Fantastic behind-the-scenes writing about the resurgence of a new -LRB- and much better -RRB- version of American Roller Derby ! Melissa -LRB- whom I had the pleasure of meeting at an event in Tucson -RRB- is the stuff - an ordinary girl , maybe even a little on the homely side , sheds her day skin and becomes a queen of the track.If you have n't heard about Flat Track Roller Derby , this book is THE place to start . The competitors are accessible , friendly , and oh-so-entertaining . And to boot , this is a serious sport , folks . Not the fabricated WWF sideshow of old . Flat Track Roller Derby is tough , competitive , bruising , and just way too much fun !
 As a roller derby fan , not a skater -LRB- yet -RRB- , I found this book to be a wonderful addition to my at home library . It made me want to hurry up and get in shape for try-outs - and it also answered so many of my questions that I had about roller derby in general . Inspirational , witty , exciting , and even emotional at times , it 's a great book for everyone !
 Rollergirl is a book that will inspire ALL KINDS OF READERS -LRB- not just rough and tumble derby girls -RRB- to be true to themselves and make the most of their lives . As a narrative , it 's a fun , quick read . As a historical document , it tells an unusual , engaging tale of the birth of one of the coolest scenes to hit sports , music , and fashion in forever . And just in general , Rollergirl makes you want to get up off the couch and go make your dreams come true . Congratulations to the author for showing us all how it 's done ! I hope I can follow in her footsteps . : -RRB-
 As a member of an older roller derby league myself , I really appreciated the brute honesty in this book . Melicious tells you how it really is , none of the sugarcoating or glossing over the ugly parts , just the truth . All those little nagging questions get answered!I loved the book and would recommend it to anyone , a founder of an older league , members of upstart leagues , fans , historians , anyone who 's interested in roller derby revival.Enjoy the read!Bolshe VixenTucson Roller Derby
 Rollergirl
 This book was so hard to put down that I read it in one day . It explained the inner workings of derby and motivated me to skate even faster and hit even harder ! - Madame Switchblade # 75Rogue Rollergirls , Fayetteville , NC
 This is a great book for the derby queen or rollernovice . A good look into the sport that works to educate about the derby and dispel myths that rollergirls are somehow akin to WWE `` wrestlers . '' It gets a little heavy on the play by play if you do n't know the Texas team , but still a must read for every derby girl , fan , or interested civilian .
 This book is very informative as it gives you a look back to the history of rollerderby and the low down on how the revival came about . Lots of helpful tips for leagues & girls just starting out as well as some funny stories about roller girl antics .
 I Loved it ! I play roller derby and it was awesome to see how the sport started up its recent insurgence . It is a must read for anyone who likes the sport , and every player should read it at least twice ! ~ Scurvy PeteCentral Coast Roller Derby , CA
 I am SO glad I bought this book . I did not hold out high hopes for a really quality read , but the writing is very entertaining . I 'm looking forward to getting Melicious ' autograph at the book signing this weekend at the Minnesota RollerGirls bout!MNRG pimping aside , this book is fun and entertaining . It 's great for derby fans and non-fans alike , because it 's an engaging , easy read that provides a great look into a totally wicked sport .
 reading these tales from the track is as much fun as an elbow in the windpipe - just kidding . I loved these stories of roughneck women . Kindred spirits ! GO ROLLERGIRLS !!
 Joya Hamill comes back home to her hometown to help out her Granny J because she has some health problems plus she was getting a little burned out with her job . Her stay ends up being longer than she anticipated and finds herself falling for ` construction worker ' Derek Morse who she thinks has no ambition thus not her type . Derek thinks she is too high maintenance so he fights his attraction to her . They both assume the wrong things about each other and find out that they were both wrong about their assumptions . Great third installment of the Flamingo Beach miniseries .
 Human beings are social beings , and relationships between us is at the core ... Examples of how other people have managed their difficult relationships is described , most with a happy ending , others not so , but at least shows us what other people go through in life ... I 've read two books from Po Bronson -LRB- What Should I do with my life and Why do I love this people -RRB- and I 'm really glad somebody writes about these things ... It 's like going to a movie where you do n't really care about the story , but rather what 's behind the scenes and what the people go through in order to try to find their place in the world ... It 's so rich in content ... Would recommend it for anyone trying to figure out what to do with their lives ... Even though it 's insightful , you might not necessarily find the answers to your questions , but at least if you get the inspiration to do what others have done , then that 's good enough ...
 This is such a great book ! I am using it for my book club choice this year I love it so much .
 This is a great book and I look forward to reading more from this author .
 Insight , wisdom , and/or knowledge come from unexpected places sometimes . I 'm used to my colleagues putting me on the `` right path '' whenever I reach out to them , and this year was no different . I asked for recommendations for a book that would `` push the growing edges '' for the chief executives in my group , and I was given many suggestions . Two books stood out in the list and this book was one . I found myself nodding in agreement , shaking my head in wonder , and shedding tears of compassion as I read through this wonderful compendium of stories of real people with real challenges and messy outcomes in their struggles at managing relationships . Bronson definitely pushes on my growing edges . `` Why Do I Love These People '' is a thoroughly enjoyable book about `` understanding , surviving , and creating your own family . '' These are not special people with storybook lives . These are ordinary people who have found extraordinary ways to manage the messiness of relationships . Compelling stories , told in a way that reaches through the fog of our own experiences and touches that neglected subconscious mind which has recorded all our loves , fears , and joys.Bronson has laid out his book in a logical and thoughtful manner , including an `` intermission '' in the middle that transitions from the more or less successful negotiations in relationships to those which did not end in such a straightforward way . He never misses a beat in providing the real issues at hand , from the several valid views of those involved in the relationships . Writing in clear and engaging prose , Bronson keeps our interests , shares many insights , and deftly avoids the twin traps of preaching and judgments.This is must reading for all your close friends and relatives . Find a way to get it to them !
 Why do I love this book ? Because it held my interest from page one to the final chapter . Perfect for people who do n't have ` time ' to get involved in a novel or other boring ` how to ' book about families . The book is set up in small installments and each one makes you realize that every family is dysfunctional - not just yours . The best news is that despite the dysfunction , people who care can make lemonade from the worst sort of lemons . I highly recommend this book .
 For one thing , the majority of families in the book stick it out , try to make it work together , which offers the reader the benefit of their experiences , good , bad and ugly . These are not sugar-coated happy-ending vignettes . They are honest journeys of ordinary people facing extraordinary obstacles on the road to family unity . Some make it . Others do n't . Bronson provides enough backstory to bring the reader up-to-date on where each family is in their quest to live harmoniously together . The diversity of families and situations means you 'll probably find one or more that you can relate to personally . Each family is compelling on its own , but Bronson weaves stories from his own life to bring added relevance to the stories of their lives.Some families stand out more than others
 I have finished reading WHY DO I LOVE THESE PEOPLE for now . Have sold about a dozen copied while reading it in public places . My tears convinced people . The moments I closed my eyes and silently shook . A book about family should n't really matter much to me . See , mine is all dead . Last was my sister in May of 04 . A very ugly cancer . Though '' a very interesting case '' , Doc 's told me . They approved donating her body to the Anatomical Gift Society . So maybe I am vulnerable , suggestible . Maybe my pain button gets easily and emphathetically pushed by reading other peoples trials and tribulations together and apart . The openness with which they share their confusion reveals my own . A bruise turns many colors on the way back to health . I am honored to be a part of so many different families journeys . I wonder if they give writers `` Best sherpa '' awards for carrying readers along paths and vistas they might never see , especially over dangerous , heart-torn terrain and bottomless hell narrowly averted or climbed back out of ... this book would surely win .
 I love his writing style and I love his insights . I actually devour things that he writes and look forward to more .
 Brilliant book ! I could n't put this down . Highly recommended to anyone who is or has had a fragmented relationship with family - you are not alone . Aided me in my journey and helped me to heal .
 This is great reading . Bronson 's style is informative and entertaining , his approach soft yet piercing , bringing up a disenchanted view of the intricated mechanisms of relationships that we call `` family '' . It is pure storytelling that makes you think and dream , laugh , participate and compare . It is better than family counseling , and surely more fun .
 I picked this book up in Philadelphia at the ariport while waiting to change planes . This was not my normal thing to do because of the exorbitant prices in air port book stores , but the title and jacket intriqued me . I could n't put the book down , even while sitting at home . The stories are very `` touchable '' and encouraging . As a single mom of 4 adult children and 2 grandchildren I have had my share of issues , and I can be `` self focused '' . But this book said to me `` do n't stop dreaming '' , `` do n't lose focus '' . If others can go on with thier lives after problems bigger than mine , I can too . If others can write with compassion and understanding ... and clearly ... I can too . I 'm glad I picked it up even if the price at the air port was a bit steep .
 Po Bronson has an authentic voice and nowhere is authenticity more important than in our families . Why Do I Love These People ? introduced me to people not that different from those in my own family - interesting , complex , challenging , maddening , lovable , flawed , narrow-minded , courageous , noble , stubborn , humble , dedicated , loyal , faithful , forgiving , resilient , graceful . I laughed and cried and went Aha ! From Jerriann 's `` Promise '' to Po 's and Steve 's `` Blue Blankets '' I was hooked not only on their stories but also on those bubbling up from memories of my family . Finally , after asking myself Why Do I Love These People ? , I knew .
 We are , today , living in a frightening and depressing world - war in Iraq , global warming , terrorism , cynicism , corruption in government . It 's tempting to climb under the covers and stay there . Then a book like this comes along , and we see that everywhere there is also a world of love and compassion - people caring about people , families struggling to connect and re-connect , others nurturing that flame of hope that makes life beautiful . Suddenly it seems reasonable to get up and participate.Po Bronson has collected twenty stories in this book , stories of real humans and their struggles to find love , meaning , and balance in their lives . The amazing thing is that , although each story takes place in a unique setting , no matter where it takes place , each reaffirms the positive life force that seems so dim sometimes today.It was so uplifting to read these various stories - to feel not so alone in my struggles to find a peaceful and joyous connection with the members of my own family . I am grateful for Bronson 's narrative gifts that allow him to capture these stories so richly . They provide a needed antidote for the depressing and poisonous news we are presented with each day .
 In `` Why Do I Love These People ? '' , Po Bronson wrote about the stories of nineteen families and all the true stories centered aroud one single theme - family . These stories varied a lot from one another and they were very ethnically diversed . These stories dealt with topics such as divorce , abandonment , forgiveness , estrangement , and basically just relationships between family members . Some stories were sad while some were uplifting.I truly enjoyed this book as the author 's writing was clear , precise , and very conversational . Even though I am not a fan compilation of short stories , I truly appreciate the effort by the author and his staff to put together this collection . As the stories were so diversed , most readers could more or less relate to them or at the very least some parts of them . This is a very lengthy book but it is definitely one that is worth going through . Highly recommended .
 I had the opportunity to get to know Po Bronson in between the promotion of `` What Should I Do With My Life '' and the writing of `` Why Do I Love These People '' . During this time Po provided me with glimpses of what he was researching and developing . When I read the book I felt as though each story was like a conversation . All of us has a story with good times , bad times and the times in between . And in each story others can see a part of themselves that maybe just is n't as unique as we would like it to be . For me the strength of this book is in the way many , some or all of these stories can provoke us to look at our families , our friends , ourselves through a different perspective . It is a book to be shared .
 Many people grew up with the happy hope that they would lead an ideal life within a loving family that was totally devoted to their best interests . Surprise ! It usually does n't work out that way.Many people feel like their chance for happiness is over when they have a setback in terms of family life.Anyone who reads Po Bronson 's Why Do I Love These People ? will realize that the first disappointment is only a minor hurdle along the path to having a better family life . In fact , the latest disappointment is only of middling concern ... as long as you deal with that disappointment with integrity and love.Truth is stranger and more fascinating than fiction . Most reviewers would criticize novels based on these stories as being hard to swallow . Real people would n't act that way ! But extraordinary people have acted in these positive ways and they provide role models and hope for the rest of us.Based on your own experiences , you 'll react more or less to individual stories . But I wager that you 'll find some that move you to the bottoms of your feet.I was also touched when Mr. Bronson included some of his own life story here so we would n't feel like he was playing the role of clinical observer . I 'm sure it must have been a heavy weight to carry so much love , loss and hurt around with him . But I 'll bet that the stories that provide hope felt like life preservers after a while.I felt emotionally leveled by The Promise , The Cook 's Story , The Trial , Dorothy 's Child , Jamaica ? , The Butcher 's Wife , The Unexplained and The Tornado.The last time I read a book about a series of real-life experiences that moved me so much was Studs Terkel 's book , Working.If you care about having a better family life , read this book ... and think long and hard about what you learn . Then act !
 I 've only read the first 130 pages of this book so far . I 've laughed and cried , and felt all the emotions in between these two extremes . I 've searched for years for remedies that would somehow alleviate my own dysfunctional family dynamics and the residue left behind , i.e. self help books , ignoring the problems and my family members , and even pursuing bachelors and masters degrees in Psychology . At some point such pursuits were appropriate at the time as coping mechanisms in overcoming my painful past . While on the fringe of deciding if I should pursue a PhD in Psychology , reading this book is helping me realize , that although I am consciously aware of the affects the past has had on my human development , I am not unique . I am part of a bigger human family that Po has so aptly written about in this book . This is entirely too easy to forget in a society that constantly bombards us with images and ideas of perfection on all levels of living . I also appreciate the way Po handles each story I 've read thus far -- in my opinion , it is simplistic reality . He gets to the core of human insecurities and conditions we all share . It is rare to read books of this nature where the writer makes himself truly and authentically available to the people he is actually writing about .
 My son loaned me his copy of Why Do I Love These People ? saying he has others waiting to read it . I just finished the book and am certain it is responsible for his new , positive attitude . I would like to give a copy to every friend and family member old enough to comprehend.Thank you to all the subjects who participated in this research . It is a great reassurance know the stories of other once-troubled groups of relatives who are so successfully `` finding their groove . ''
 Wonderful real Stories , that sometimes help you to understand and appreciate your own life - especially if you 've often felt you NEVER had a family at all.Do something for yourself and read it .
 Provocative , compelling , enlightening stories of human beings grappling with what they want -- and do n't -- from their families beyond shared genes , history and memories . While Bronson 's `` narrative '' sometimes get in the way of the stories he 's telling , this remains a gem of a book that has n't received nearly the attention that it deserves .
 This book only cost 1 cent . It came in the condition that it was listed as-good . It came on time . I am very happy with my purchase .
 I think the most striking part of this book is that you feel comforted by the fact that the problems you 're facing in your own relationships are commonplace . They 're not dysfunctional . Every family has its share of issues and you do n't need to feel overly guilty for yours . The book 's underlying theme is that families that honesty , consideration , character , belief and perhaps above everything else - resilience , can get you through the worst debacles and that at the end of the day it 's probably -LRB- though not always -RRB- worth the effort.Stories include : Resentment about controlling parents who appear to display conditional loving and also about appreciating how much of their lives parents sacrifice to bring the kids up ; the search for redemption after abandoning a kid or cheating on a wife , the courage required to break relationships that are dead and the perseverance required to bring one back from the dead -LRB- and the effect on kids -RRB- , dealing with the families of your in-laws and family objection to marriage , how to deal with kids who are falling into bad habits when you feel powerless to influence their decisions because they no longer respect you or listen to you , dealing with the death of a child , how we feel obligated to spend time with our families rather than actually wanting to spend time with them and what we are losing , etc.Although it may seem that most people can not relate to these situations ... actually I felt an amazing amount of empathy for the families and came away with a renewed conviction that I can get the perfect family life -LRB- with all it 's frustrations and headaches -RRB- and balance it with everything.If you have any relationship , friendship that you have a certain amount of frustration , resignation about then I strongly recommend this book . It is one of those books that if it hits you at the right time - it could change your relationships and your life .
 Life can be quite a maze of great joys and incredible pain , but every step of the way the greatest thing one can hope for is the capacity to learn and grow . Unfortunately , this is easier said than done . Pain is a great obstacle and most of us find ourselves trapped for most of our lives by our past.This book is a true blessing . The book is filled with tons of stories from a multicultural array of relationship experiences where people learn to overcome the life 's great obstacles and capture the true meaning of being alive . This book came to me at a low point in my life , when hope was slowly fading from my heart . This book gave me faith that pain is not an end , but a bump in life 's journey . It is impossible to read this book and not come away inspired and nurtured by the stories of the people in its pages.Do not miss the opportunity to experience this treasure as it will nourish your soul , but be warned -- you will be moved to buy this book for the people you care most about in life because this truly blessed experience is not meant to remain a secret .
 Po Bronson 's WHY DO I LOVE THESE PEOPLE ? , is exactly what the subtitle says ... honest & amazing stories of real families . Many of them will open your eyes ... some of them will bring tears to your eyes . This book is a must for any troubled family , or anyone who wants a `` real '' look at families around the world .
 Simply put , this is absolutely a wonderful book . It will bring you to tears , inspire you , give you hope , and create a deep introspection about yourself and your own family.Po 's writing is truly a gift . I recommend it highly and I bet you 'll want to give it to each member of your family .
 I am a father , a son , a brother and a husband . You learn how to do this mostly by on the job training and watching -LRB- or missing -RRB- your parents . Still , for me , I never know if I 'm doing it right exactly , if my feelings are fair , if my family 's normal or crazy , if we sacrifice or if we 're selfish . You ca n't ask your family , they love you and dislike you at the same time . Whatever they say will be colored . You ca n't ask strangers for their intimate stories to compare yours to , you 'll get locked up . What you can do is read this book . It is full of truth and rich with emotion . Po Bronsons ability to bring you into these peoples lives so fully is amazing . My wife and I passed the book between us , each reading it a story at a time , often one standing over the other to snatch it back as they finished.This book is a rare and magical experience . I ca n't stop thinking about , and oddly , missing the families Mr. Bronson introduced us to . The house was full of tissues , and our hearts were just . . full.Charley
 I 'm going to admit , the first reason I purchased this book was because of its title
 I have read this book from cover to cover twice and find it one of the most inspirational collection of stories that I 've seen in a long time . We are an era where so much emphasis is placed on negativity and opposing forces -LRB- i.e. , countries at war , partisan politics , corporate greed , etc. -RRB- and it is assuring to know that the family unit , however it may be defined , is thriving . One of the differences between Po and other authors is that he CONNECTS with his subjects and shares their pain and triumphs as he learns about their individual situations . He is an author in the truest sense . I highly recommend this book to anyone who wants to become or remain a positive thinker , which is an essential factor in surviving in the world today . It is a no-brainer as a gift for anyone on your list .
 I always enjoy Po Bronson 's books , particularly the later ones , which have delved into the `` big questions '' of who are we , why do we do what we do , and how do we love . Many authors do this directly , but Po approaches this indirectly and on a small scale with anecdotal stories of real people . For me it becomes more moving , and certainly more real.The people in the book are my heroes ! It is so tough to keep living a life of integrity and love . Their stories made a real difference to me . I am so encouraged by their courage and persistence.This book helped me once again to look at my own family and friends with fresh eyes , to see them as the unique individuals that they are . It reminded me again to value and love our family as they are , and not as we want them to be .
 First off , this may be somewhat biased.Po is my friend . My name is Kraig Emery and my story is one of those in the book . There 's no bubble gum , feel good , karma induced injection ... what there is is honesty . There is , in each story , a genuine glimpse into the lives of those who have had circumstances , perhaps no different than your own . There 's no sugarcoating . There 's no `` let 's put a positive spin '' on this . It 's real , its genuine . There are lessons to be learned and doors that can be opened by each story , within ourselves , that we did n't ever know were there.I can speak only to my story . It 's heartbreaking to read , though I 've lived it . I had talked with Po just before I received my copy . I was thinking about , someday , writing my own story . All it took was to read his take , and I knew I could n't do better . The subject was ended the moment I read it.That , my friends , is the best compliment I can give .
 The characters in the book are really believable and the way the story shapes up ... keeps me glued to the book , u want to know what happens next so u 'll not put it down till the end . Sarah is really good in all the three books of this series Take on me and Hot for him are also equally good and the best part is the so easy and trust worthy friendship between the three main woman characters all three books are a must read ...
 My favorite genre is erotic romance , so I hesitated to buy this audio book . And Sarah Mayberry was a complete unknown for me.I really loved this story and this new author . It was full of witty dialog ; it was sweet , funny , sexy , heart-wrenching , and a great story . The narrator , Elizabeth Livingston , was the best female reader I 've listened to in a very long time . I 'll be buying many more of the Blaze stories written by Mayberry .
 Sarah Mayberry is incredibly gifted . I am not a fan of the short romance format , but I have bought EVERY book by this author . Her characters are realistic , and the romance and sex are HOT.For reference , my other favorite romance authors are
 I like romatic comedies , and this one is the best . It made the roundsof the women in the office where I used to work , and all gave it athumbs up!Lynn and Tony are both lawyers in the same office . Lynnneeds an unsuitable fiance to unite her parents in opposition todefuse their upcoming divorce . Buttoned down Tony becomes bad boyTony , complete with cigarette pack in rolled up T-shirt sleeve.Thescenario in the airport where Tony carries Lynn 's mother into theLadies Room after she passes out and deposits her rear in one basinand feet in another is a scream . However , the makeout scene in theback seat of a car is a close second ...
 Vicki Lewis Thompson did a wonderful , wonderful job with this book . It was action , humor , and excitement from page one ! Laughters and tons of sexual attraction between Lynn and Tony all the way . I felt it was a very colorful book . It 's definitely one of the best L&L I 've read in a long time !
 I have not laughed out loud when reading a book in years , and this was fantastic . There were too many funny scenes to name them . Lynn 's parents are talking of getting a divorce , however she knows that they will join forces to `` save '' her . So she asks a friend at her law firm to play the part of her hell-raiser boyfriend . There are some crazy make out scenes and pretty detailed foreplay . The author does a fantastic job of mixing humor and sexual chemistry together .
 Vicki Thompson is an author whose books I ca n't put down once open . To me this is her best . Two lawyers get involved when she , trying to stop her parents pending divorce comes up with a wild idea of deceipt to bring themtogether . Her cohort , a seeming staid dull guy agrees to become her gigilolover . But she does not know he had been wild in high school . When they meet her parents , he is kissing her wildly . She puts her hand in his backjeans pocket to show their sexual involvement . The parents are appalled that she is going with such a creep and try to break it up . Yet he bonds with them . As he does , their objections decrease and affection for each other re-unites . She had wanted a real lover but never envisioned him until their ploy breaks down her defenses and love develops . An outsidertries to steal her away using a ruse . They rush to find her . Love startsto develop . However she had told her mother that the gigilo would wrongly claim he was a legal partner . He learns of her deception and gets furious.Will her parents stay together ? Can she return to work along side with her deep love for him and his disdain ? The book is delighful fun w/some twists and very hard to put down . I got emersed in it . You will too . I highly recommend this book to anyone who vaguely enjoys Vicki Thompson . A +
 This book is a great example of what Vickie Lewis Thompson does best -- screwball romantic comedy . It reminds me of some of her best `` nerd '' books , which have long been on my keeper shelf . The situations are often hilarious , but the characters are still very real and likable . I read the book in no time and could n't wait to get back to it if I had to put it down even momentarily.However , I would give it 4.5 stars because the relationship seemed rushed in a few spots . ** Possible spoilers
 Back cover reads : Objective-To Stop Lynn Morgan 's feuding parents from filing for divorce.Approach-Introduce a tattooed , leather-wearing hell-raiser as their prospective son-in-law . The man for the job-Lawyer Tony Russo.Lynn 's parents would join forces to save her -- Lynn was sure of it . But from whom ? Her best friend Tony Russo was more GQ than Hell 's Angels . But that was before the `` transformation . '' Suddenly steady , reliable Tony had turned into a sexy , irresistible bad boy . Trouble was , Lynn kept forgetting Tony 's kisses were just part of the act ...
 A great read , loved it . Very funny in parts . It has everything . The characters were great , especially Bud & Gladys .
 This book was excellent . I 've read a lot of the Mallory novels , and really liked Stone Angel . This one has great depth , as do most , and allows the reader to know Mallory on a more personal level . I will likely read this one again . It also makes me want to go back and re-read some of the others .
 I loved `` Find me . '' Listened to it in 35-minute sessions while commuting to and from work . Often found it hard to turn off the audio and leave the car!Just a warning ... I was driving along as usual while the audiobook was winding up , and got blindsided by the astonishing wrap-up . Tears sprang to my eyes . I kept wiping them away , but the next instant -- more tears ! A totally worthwhile book that nearly had me driving off the road , overwhelmed with emotion !
 I love the Mallory series and although the sociopathic personality sometimes wears thin , the story always deliver.This was a great ride through 2 separate stories that intertwined perfectly . Could not put it down .
 I read `` Find me '' quite recently , since I was not sure if I want to know how the `` Mallory '' series ends . In fact , I thought already once that it 's over , when I read `` Stone angel '' and it was difficult to rediscover Mallory again . Now I know that there is a new Carol O'Connell 's `` Mallory '' book and I 'm quite confused.This is because I came to terms with the fact that I will no longer meet Mallory again . I do not want to spoil the lecture for future readers , but `` Find me '' is in a sense a perfect finale to the series . In a double track of this novel , Mallory solves the last mystery of her past and meets an ultimate monster . She seems to be resigned to the fact that once these tasks are done , her life is no longer relevant . And then ... I am sure I will come back many times to this book . However , I do not know how I will dare to start reading `` The chalk girl '' . Any ideas ?
 As always Carol O'Connell is a top notch author of `` edge of your seat '' mysteries . Her charactersare well defined and ever loyal to `` Mallory . '' Savor each page as before you know it you are readingthe last page and awaiting O'Connell 's next offering . NO HIGHER PRAISE A.W.
 The first Mallory book I read was `` Stone Angel '' because I did not realize that this was one book of a series . After that I started reading all the Mallory books . You really do need to start with the very first book about Mallory , `` The Mallory Oracles '' so that you will get a better understanding of Mallory and why she is the way that she is.To me `` Find Me '' was the very best of the Mallory series . In this book you start to see a little more human side of Mallory than you do in the other books - for instance , you see at times that she is not always so neat-compulsive and this is just not Mallory at all . In the end is when you really see a human side of Mallory that you would not have thought possible after reading all her other books . To me the end was very climatic and I had no idea which way it would go when she found her father.I only have 2 complaints about this book . One , it was a little confusing about why the state trooper gave Riker the evidence , and two , it was never explained in the book how Mallory found out what her father 's name was at age 14 so that she could go look for him . From the beginning of the book you are led with the impression she never knew his name until she obtained some letters that he wrote years ago.Others seem to think that this will be the end of the Mallory series -- I hope not ! And others seem to think that even if the series goes on that Mallory will be completely changed and will no longer be the character we have grown to know . I do n't see that happening . I think that if the series goes on , she will basically still be the person she always has been , but her character will just grow with some added features due to the relationship with her father -- features that she did n't know she possessed -- making her a little more human.I noticed by the inside of my book that it says this book was published in 2006 , which makes me wonder if Carrol O'Connell is just being slow about writing another book about Mallory or if she really is finished writing about her .
 Of the nine Mallory books this is my favorite . I could not put this book down . If you enjoy the series as much as I do you will really enjoy this one ! So far it is the last in the series and I hope that Ms. O'Connell will add more but if not , this is one great book .
 As always , Find Me is another excellent book by Carol O'Connell . I ca n't wait for another Kathy Mallory book .
 I wish I could give a straightforward loved it or hated it about this Mallory book . I adored Mallory from page one of Mallory 's Oracle and would go nuts waiting for O'Connell 's next one -LRB- c'mon , was n't she slooooow ?! -RRB- . I know it 's selfish of me , but in a lot of ways , I did n't want Mallory to find her family . All of the things that made Mallory Mallory were linked to her coming from nothing , to making herself what she was , that feral quality . Finding her parents made her human , and as weird as it sounds , loses for me that creepy Mallory quality that I just found delicious about her.Anyway , the storyline of this book was typically bizarro Mallory , which was comforting enough and explained enough here by other talented reviewers . I found most of the caravan scenes sort of boring , being more interested in the Riker/Charles stuff , as well as Mallory 's strange unraveling.I think unlike others , I have a harder time seeing where Mallory goes from here . The last paragraph , her reaction , is so UN-Mallory , added in with the chipped nail polish , her left-behind laptop , no car . . all the other stuff that I wo n't spoil . It made me sad for future books , which probably says something bad about me , lol . Mallory 's turning into a domesticated Eve Dallas , which I could n't bear . I hope this was n't a swan song . I noted O'Connell 's next is a stand-alone , which she 's done before , so I do n't know if anyone 's got inside info on the Mallory series , but I 'm just ambivalent about the future of it.As I said , I am conflicted . Even so , the book gets a solid four stars for O'Connell 's superb storytelling , consistently brilliant , compelling characters and for making me continue to buy the books even when I know she 's going to drive me nuts with them .
 Another reader complained that it took them a week to read this one instead of a day or two like the others . Me too . And that was great . Some of the later books in the series have been real pager turners -- just slightly better-than-average routine pot-boilers . This one is a return to the strangeness and tension of the earliest Mallory novels . I had trouble reading more than two pages at a time . It was just too intense . I had to stop and let my own reaction to what I was reading settle down . My only problem was the beetle convertible hot-rod . 220 mph ?!? No way ! it would be airborne long before that speed.This not a typical police procedural , murder mystery , or even as the jacket calls it , a psychological thriller . If you are looking for one of those , it will be a disappointment . It rewards the reader in an entirely different way.But it was a most satisfactory read .
 The latest Mallory novel is generating some controversy . Does the plot signal an end to the series ? Is the story too disjointed , too confusing ? Myself , I enjoyed the book , though my patience wore thin sometimes as the cross-country exploration of Route 66 began to feel repetitious . In some ways , Find Me is a mirror/opposite of Stone Angel , Mallory 's other venture from New York into her own history . Where Stone Angel is so rich and entertaining that we do n't much care how it ends , Find Me provides an ending so brilliant that it excuses any tedium getting there.The `` mystery '' of why Kathy is on the road is n't all that mysterious . The reader knows after a few pages that she is looking for her father -- in some sense . What we do n't know is whether her father is a serial killer also obsessed with Route 66 . Will Kathy find her father and then arrest him?O ` Connell has always done an excellent job of making others -- not just Kathy and her crew , but the most minor characters -- more interesting than the killer . Here she pushes that element to a daring extreme that may be the reason for some of the confusion and disappointment . No way to explain that without spoilers ; suffice it to say that the encounter between Kathy and the killer is one of the most memorable of any mystery endings I 've ever read.O ` Connell has always had her sights on something more ambitious than whodunits , and every book carefully balances Mallory 's story with the suspense of tracking the killer . In every novel , the killer is revealed to be a person of no consequence beyond their impact , like a shark 's , on their victims . They are creatures of eccentric banality , to twist Hannah Arendt 's famous words . Here is no exception.Mallory 's world is a cartoon universe , where everyone is a bit simpler and stranger than we are used to in the real world . It is a style , like the cartoons of William Hogarth or Francisco Goya , meant to capture essentials quickly and precisely . It works , but for some readers Kathy -- and reality -- are too important to be `` reduced '' to cartoons . Get out of that mindset , and you will enjoy your trip on Route 66 .
 Since the first Mallory book , Mallory 's Oracle , we get bits and pieces about the ` Baby Thief ' - she was alone , feeding out of trash cans , sleepng where she could . She was taken in by Helen and Louis Markowitz , and finally the girl found safety and love . But she never forgot why she had to live in the streets . She had a telephone # written on her hand , partially blurred . She would call all variations of that # and say ` Hi it 's Kathy . I 'm lost . ' But no connections came from those calls . . The Markowitzs gave her love and safety , but ... When the Markowitz 's are gone , Mallory has a career as a Detective with NYPD . Her only friends are her foster father 's poker buddies , including Charles Butler and Detective Riker , also with NYPD.Mallory is missing from work and Riker gets a call that someone has been found dead in Mallory 's apartment . When Charles and Riker go into Mallory 's computer room , they find she unlocked the puzzle of the partial telephone number , and has a clue to her childhood . And so begins her journey.Mallory has been given letters her father wrote , addressed to ` OB ' . They show his passions - a silver suped up Beetle , and traveling the old Route 66 . She follows his journey down the old road in her own version of a suped up Beetle . But she is not alone - there are families of lost children following that path to find their lost ones . There have been children 's skeletons found on the route , and someone seems to have been using that road to kill lost children . Mallory joins them and becomes part of the team to solve this mystery . A lost child trying to find her people . . Butler and Riker find her and follow also.Here comes the rub - there is more info on the caravan , the lost ones , the FBI participants , it becomes ` ad nauseum ' . But do not give up on this book , for it will solve the mystery Mallory has been looking for . I have been reading the Mallory books since the beginning , and the answers from previous books are there.The ending is so worth getting through the caravan stuff . We see Mallory as no one has seen her before . How this ending will effect subsequent books , one can only speculate . But speculate you will.A must for Mallory fans .
 I think you 're either gon na like ` Find Me ' or hate it . I liked it - very much . I believe O'Connell is continually developing a three-dimensional character and a fascinating one . Is Mallory a sociopath ? I keep changing my opinion on that . I did n't find the large cast of characters confusing nor any more unbelievable than the Mallory literature discussion group of hookers . -LRB- Did n't ya love that - Sheriff Peety ? -RRB- It took me a while to realize what Mallory was doing on Route 66 , ie , to connect it to the letters , but I usually read Mallory books with a puzzled look on my face anyway . I always love the droll comments and observations , and I 'm pleased that Mallory approved of Kansas -LRB- square fields and perfect right angles -RRB- as that 's my home state . Wish there had been a little more of much put-upon Lt Coffey , bless his heart . : - -RRB-
 Wow so many negative reviews for `` Find Me '' ! I was really surprised , cause personally , I loved this book . I a huge fan of Kathy Mallory and all the books , and I think this , while not up there with my all time fav , -LRB- Flight of the Stone Angel -RRB- , i think it was both fitting and satisfying . Like ` Stone Angel ' , i love the stories about Mallory 's past , and this is no different . The ending WAS shocking , but it ties up heaps of loose ends . I for one , had never given Mallory 's father much thought , only Cassandra.So do read it , it 's worth it , especially to find out what happens at the end . While it does n't have the excitment of the New York based novels , it 's still an excellent read.Let 's hope this is n't the last we see of Kathy Mallory !
 I totally enjoyed this latest in the Mallory series . I could not put it down and read to the end in the wee hours of the morning.As each book progresses , we see more and more into the psyche of Mallory and how she came to be who she is now . This book ties up quite a few loose ends . Mallory actually seems more human and less robotic . Her obsessions are understandable , as are her fears and questions . We grieve with the fourteen year old Mallory for the loss she felt so long ago.We let our emotions run amok with the parents on the caravan , and we lose our patience with the FBI characters who are no more than little followers of their leader who has his own agenda.My only concern is that this wil be the last Mallory . So many story lines were concluded , so many endings to the ongoing storylines , that I fear we are losing my favorite character . The O'Connell books are the only ones I buy first editon hardbacks , and yes , I do re-read them.I can only hope that Mallory will continue her crime fighting ways with her own unique sense of justice and right vs. wrong.Perhaps now that some ghosts have been laid to rest , she will be able to grow emotionally and can finally feel the joys and love that normal people experience . I only hope that Charles is there to reap the benefits . I know Riker will be around . I worry about Charles .
 I have read all her books and have enjoyed each of them . This one is the best yet . She actually makes Mallory human and the story hummed right along with each character an individual with a story of their own.Would highly recommend this book .
 There is a dead woman in her apartment and NY detective Kathy Mallory has taken off in a VW Beetle with a Porsche 911 engine to travel old Route 66 . At the beginning of the highway , the intersection of Adams and Marshall in Chicago , lays a body with its hand pointing down the road . As Mallory is in search of her past , her friends Riker and Charles Butler , are after Mallory and join with a caravan of cars driven by the parent s of missing children brought together by the discovery of children 's graves discovered all along this famous road.Reading O'Connell is such a pleasure . In Mallory she has created one of the most interesting female characters written and then added Riker as her friend and partner who loves her as she is , and Charles who just loves her , much to his detriment . In her usual style , O'Connell gives us a layered story of Mallory 's search , the parent 's plight and the battle of jurisdiction and corruption of the lead investigator . There is tragedy on many levels , humor to lighten things along the way , twists to keep the reader on their toes , and the metamorphosis of Mallory . Is this the end of the series ? I certainly hope not , but as long as O'Connell keeps writing , I could bear it . I enjoyed everything about this book , include Route 66 , some of which I have driven , and highly recommend it .
 I love this character ! Carol O'Connell has created amazingly complex characters who continue to grow and show more layers with each book . I only wish she could write them faster since I ca n't put each new one down . I find the characters even more interesting each time I re-read the previous ones .
 I 'm a voracious reader , and recently found and have devoured all 9 of the `` Kathy Mallory '' books by author Carol O'Connell . I 've loved them all , and I strongly encourage you to read them all - IN THE CORRECT ORDER.While I love all of these books - each one develops the primary protagonist - Kathy Mallory - and her cohorts in crime - Charles and Riker - I REALLY loved this last book - FIND ME.The book is really 2 separate stories interwoven into one cohesive whole . What a unique mind to create such unique characters and events.While the human stories contained within this book are great , the book also celebrates another - called the `` Mother Road '' , Route 66 comes alive in the pages of Find Me . For those of us Baby Boomers , the historical and musical references in the book only enhance the story line.I hope that this is not the last in this series !!
 It is not reasonable to read this book if you have n't read any of the earlier Mallory series.Mallory 's world is an integral part ofunderstanding what happens and why ithappens in Find Me . Please start from thebeginning and you will be a convert.That said , I thought this was the bestbook since the first one . The story was labarynthine and took some effort to unravel , butit was definitely worth it . I can only hope thatthis will not be the end of Mallory 's Odyssey . I ca n't wait to see where she , Rikerand Charles go next .
 For those who love Kathleen Mallory , and who does n't , this is the natural progression of excellent mystery , interpersonal relationships and the psychological growth of the main character . There is plenty of police work and lots of information about what to many of us is a classic landmark , Route 66 . I 've read them all and they just keep getting better .
 i 've been a fan of the `` mallory '' series since it 's inception . some of my other favorite authors seem to lose the magic the longer the series goes on , this does not happen with the O'Connell books . This book is as great as the first . I enjoyed it very much .
 I have really enjoyed all of Carol O'Connell 's books and this one is no exception , though they have seemed a bit of a one-note lately with Mallory 's character revealing some insight into the why 's of her personality but not exhibiting much in the way of personal growth . Even still , very entertaining mysteries all . However it will be very interesting to see what happens in the next one -LRB- if there is a next one -RRB- considering that a major mystery has been solved and should open up an entirely new avenue for this character .
 I could not stop reading this book . I happen to have traveled route 66 in the 50 's and 60 's with my family on summer vacations so some of this book was wonderous memories . The characters are revealed in ways that make them feel as if I know them personally . The plot was thick with possibilities . I can only hope there is another Mallory novel .
 I could hardly put this book down , even to eat.In this episode of the Mallory saga , we learn about her mystery father through a series of writings more than 20 years old about Route 66 . At the same time , we learn more about Mallory . Compelled to follow his same route , she deals with murder , good and bad cops , parents of missing children , and her own motivations . She becomes a little more human without losing any of her special character.The themes incorporated into this novel of nostalgia for the decommissioned highway , the continuing pain of parents with lost children , the pain of the lost children themselves are mingled with the story of a serial killer , law enforcement turf wars and petty politics , personal growth and self-examination . That 's a lot on one plate . But O'Connell does it beautifully . She manages these several threads without losing a beat on her characters . Even the most minor come across as flesh and blood people.I did n't know this book had come out last year or I would have bought it long before this , but I am certainly glad to have found it .
 I 'm surprised at the number of people who have complained that this novel took them a week to read . It took me that long I think -- I do n't keep track -- but then I was paying attention to the plot and enjoying the reading . Like all the other Mallory novels , Find Me is beautifully written and complex . O'Connell 's Rt 66 is a dark , poetic , magical setting where parents sacrifice themselves for their children and the dead sometimes return to protect the living . This is a definite must read , but the reader has to be willing to take the time to enjoy what O'Connell has put before him .
 This is an excellent book . Much anticipated . Brings into play a whole other dimension . Eagerly awaiting next book ; hope we do n't have to wait as long as we did for this one .
 I 'll refer to it in MY review . I have adored the Mallory books , since reading the first one . The only one I did n't like had a lot to do with magicians , which I am not interested in ! THIS book is another in her line of great reads . I can only hope , that with the `` happy '' ending , O'Connell does NOT end her Mallory story . Kathy Mallory is one of the most interesting characters I 've read.Please keep on going , Carol , though , you should permanately ditch the magicians !
 Sociopathic Mallory is back with a bang . And what an ending .
 I enjoy Carol O'Connell 's books . In fact she is the only author whose books I buy hardcovered.Being a fan of Kathy Mallory and having read every book in the Mallory series I have to say after reading `` FIND ME '' ; in the Kathy Mallory series I was disappointed at the end of the book . I was also confused at the end of the book as I could n't help think that Carol O'Connell was ending the Mallory series and she was ending it in a way that was disappointing.Sure Mallory finds her father , but there is no closure between Mallory and Charles . Riker -LRB- Mallory 's cop partner -RRB- is off on a highway by himself heading for New York , and Charles is walking away from Mallory.If this book was the end of the series what a sad confused ending it was.I hope I am wrong and there will be more Mallory books forth coming from Carol O'Connell and that there will be a happy ending for Charles and Mallory together .
 Sometimes success can go to an author 's head ... er . . pen . Look , for example , at the latest Bob Lee Swagger effort from Stephen Hunter . THERE is a writer clearly overtaken by his creation . Not so with O'Connell . I admit that WINTER HOUSE worried me . Not up to her usual standard . The omens and portents for another superior Mallory following WH were dark and cloudy . But then , out of nowhere , along comes FIND ME . Not just good , her best . Not just great american fiction ; you can , if you are so inclined , do your entire thesis on this one . O'Connell went into FIND ME having already -LRB- ! -RRB- mastered the extraordinary feat of writing two stories at one time -- the obvious murder mystery hidden behind the less-obvious character mystery . Her she trumps even herself , writing three stories all-at-once , so carefully blended together that you do n't even recognize the third -LRB- and most potent -RRB- one until the very last paragraph of the book . Nothing less than extraordinary . Do n't read it . Savor it .
 My question to those who have given this book a poor review -- why would you start reading a series at the end ? What is this , number 9 in Mallory books ? OF COURSE the main character does n't make sense ! You have eight previous books that dole out clues to Kathy 's character , which is what makes it entertaining and addictive . I was sorry to see an end to this story , and I think , to the series .
 Well , it 's an easier read than some of the previous Mallory books , and the ending is a shocker . Could this really be the end of the series , only the auther knows .
 Introduced in MALLORY 'S ORACLE , Carol O'Connell 's debut novel , Kathleen Mallory and her origins have been as mysterious as some of her cases . FIND ME , O'Connell 's latest work , provides Mallory and her fans with some answers.This complex and occasionally murky work begins with Mallory 's unexplained absence from her position as a New York City homicide detective . Detective Sergeant Riker , Mallory 's erstwhile police partner , visits her apartment in an effort to discover the reason for her being away . What he finds , however , is the body of an unknown woman , dead from an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound , and the beginning of not one but two mysteries that slowly and excruciatingly will unravel across thousands of miles of legendary highway.Mallory is in pursuit of two haunting enigmas . One is of a monster who has murdered over 100 innocents , leaving their bodies scattered in a seemingly random pattern across the western half of the United States . The other is the father she never knew , a man whose only legacy is a series of letters that , in their way , serves as a starting point to the solution to both puzzles . The common element that the two mysteries share is Route 66 , the idealized , iconic link between Chicago and Los Angeles . For years the serial killer has been kidnapping children and burying them along the unmarked , disappearing highway . Mallory 's absentee father , meanwhile , had sent before her birth a series of descriptive essays from various points along Route 66 , providing a visual and -LRB- in some cases -RRB- aural guidebook.The beginning of Mallory 's journey is cursed with a murder , as a body is discovered in Chicago at the famous eastern origin of Route 66 . Mallory , the adult seeking her phantom , unknown father , joins an ever-growing caravan of parents traveling along the highway searching for their missing children . She brings an almost psychopathic relentlessness to her pursuit , as clues ebb , flow and dovetail . Riker , pursuing Mallory in an effort to help and protect , is an almost hapless presence for Mallory , as are a number of other characters from past installments in the series , who are more or less along for the ride . It is , however , primarily through their eyes that FIND ME is told , as Mallory , almost to the very end , is an enigmatic presence , more a driven force of nature than a protagonist who readers can ever really come to know.As FIND ME progresses , we learn -- as Mallory has intuited , perhaps all along -- that the killer is among the parents ' hopeful , sorrowful caravan and that he is manipulating not only their journey but also the investigation . Yet , by the time the reader discovers the killer 's true identity , who he is n't is in some ways more important than who he is , so that the revelation is somewhat anti-climactic . What ultimately makes the effort of reading the novel more than worthwhile , however , is the solution to Mallory 's other puzzle , one that in its occurrence and aftermath is stirring and , in this darkest of tales , most welcome.FIND ME leaves Mallory , and possibly O'Connell , at a crossroads . It is a perfect place to end the series and yet could also provide a jump point for a new direction to the series . While it is doubtful that the book will attract new readers to this complex , enigmatic character and storyline , fans will find their long infatuation with Mallory rewarded , and then some . -- Reviewed by Joe Hartlaub
 I 've read on another site that the publisher has called this the final in the Kathy Mallory series . Judging by the other reviews , and my own love of the series , this is sad but somehow not unexpected given the ending of this novel.This novel is beyond entertainment . The brilliance in the series and in this novel in particular is in everything from the intertwined and unfolding story lines , to the prose and its humour , and finally to the characters and the humanity that O'Connell somehow instils in them . I have nothing to compare it with . It was wonderful to learn more about Mallory and her past , and to entertain possibilities for her future . I can only hope that O'Connell continues to write , and if not Mallory , then some other character that is just as absorbing .
 I have been digesting all of Ms. O'Connell 's books this summer . `` Find Me '' is another exceptional book . She reminds me of a female James Lee Burke . I do n't think this signals the end of a series but the beginning of another chapter in Mallory 's life . I find her character very layered and I love this about Mallory . `` Find Me '' is just one of her latest journeys toward healing her past . I hope Ms. O'Connell keeps writing her Mallory books and I wish she would team up with James Lee and introduce Mallory to Dave Robicheaux .
 I have read all of the Mallory books by Carol O'Connell . My favorites are Mallory 's Oracle , Stone Angel and now , Find Me . Given her rough life between `` almost 7 '' and 10 years old , it is amazing that Mallory even survived so that the Markowitz 's could take her in and nurture her.The stress of living her rigid life and being a Special Crimes Detective have taken their toll on Mallory . She had her supporters in Charles and Riker , even when they thought she was being bizarre . There were other supporters , friends of Markowitz , who cut her lots of slack because she is so brilliant at her job . I was getting worn down by Mallory fighting everyone in her life . In Find Me , Mallory `` plays nicer '' . I realized early that Mallory was on an exploration of Route 66 -LRB- because of her father 's letters -RRB- that just happenned to coincide with the serial killer 's life . `` Sentimental '' would be a difficult word to use for those who know Mallory . Being the great detective that she is , she modified her trip to help solve the Chicago murder mystery that she stumbled upon . No crimes like the little graves along Route 66 could go unpunished in her code of living . I had to take my time and read carefully , but still managed to finish the book in 21/2 days.In Find Me , it looks as if Mallory may now have a life worth living . I would love to read more . There are so many possibilities .
 I am a huge fan of the previous Mallory novels . I liked this one , but it seemed a bit different than the other Mallory novels , more like Judas Child . Really hoping that there will be another book and soon . The end left me wondering . I would love to see any new direction this would lead in , but I do n't know if its meant to be wrapped up here .
 This is the eighth book in a remarkable series that focuses on Kathy Mallory , a New York police detective with a unique past and personality . Mallory was found as a child living on the streets , unable to remember much of her past . She is possessed of amazing abilities in computers and analysis ; she is also emotionally remote and unable to give or receive love . Nonetheless , she is fiercely loved and protected , first by her adoptive father , the late detective Louis Markowitz , and now by two friends , her partner , the hard-bitten alcoholic Riker , and her friend and fellow genius Charles Butler , a big , goofy , and warm-hearted psychologist.While each of these books is held together by some kind of a murder mystery , taken together they are really quite an achievement , for they tell the story of several lost people attempting to make sense of the past , find meaning in a cruel and often violent world , and understand what it is to love and be a decent human being . To tell this story , O'Connell has constructed an entire alternate reality , which sometimes possesses elements of magic and the supernatural in unexpected ways . Because of the complicated structure and emotional themes of these books , they do n't always work perfectly , and they 're not for everybody . Still , O'Connell has really transcended crime fiction and created literature that I believe will have lasting merit.In this book , Mallory continues to search for her past , going on a cross-country journey on old Route 66 to find out what happened to her father , who abandoned her before she was born . At the same time , she becomes involved with a bus caravan of parents of missing children trying to draw attention to their cause . Surprises ensue . A must read for fans of the series.Reviewer
 O'Connell has succeeded again in creating an intricate masterpiece where the subplots mirror the main plot , the characters are unique , and Mallory is slowly cracking showing she just might not be the total sociopath you thought she was . In this book , Mallory is searching for her father on Route 66 , visiting monuments , restaurants , gas stations etc. . . that her father had talked about in a pile of letters for her . Meanwhile , a serial killer is out on the loose murdering the parents of the children that he has already killed . Mallory then must solve both cases at the same time.The depiction of Ariel Finn was so graphic and heroic that I was actually brought to tears imagining the scene in my mind . O'Connell shines in the details ; everything is palpable and just so odd we can really can see these things happening in real life . From a disturbed little girl humming Jack the Ripper to an old priest receiving calls with someone whispering `` Forgive me Father , for I have sinned '' , O'Connell has created a thrilling but yet ultimately satisfying end to an amazing series .
 I ca n't say much except that every one of Mallory 's books moves me to tears every single time I re-read them . I read `` Mallory 's Oracle '' in high school , forgot the title but remembered the plot , and re-found the book after I went back to visit my high school after I graduated and scoured the general area of the shelves where I thought the book might be . I 've read all of the other Mallory stories since then , and `` Find Me '' is absolutely one of the best . But - as a plea to O'Connell - please do n't let the last line
 o'connell 's new novel ! i buy them all in hardback , the only author to be so honored and i can scarce afford to do this.this chapter in mallory 's life and times was confusing to me . too many creepy characters , an overly-convoluted plot . even the usual cast of lovable characters seemed confused as to why they were on this road trip on route 66 . were they chasing mallory ? was she using them ? is she nuts ? is riker nuts ? is this driving the reader nuts?this reader , a mallory fanatic till now , is exhausted ; i just finished reading the novel and i know very little more than i did at the beginning . i am irritated with what i do know
 I have read all the Mallory books and enjoyed them all , maybe not equally but loyally . But this one was absolutely the best one . I could n't put it down from beginning to end . Please say its not the last in the series .
 I got this book for Christmas , and I finished it in two days . This was my introduction to Mallory , and I 'm hooked . If you like flawed , human characters with both history and secrets , you 'll like this book .
 This was an OH MY GOD , this ca n't be the end kind of book . Yes , there must be a story in there , and it dragged on a little throughout the Route 66 voyage , but I seriously hope this was not the last ! I want another one out right now ! Definately recommend this book . Do n't read it unless you have read at least a few before it . This is like a 10 book series on Kathy Mallory and only means OMG if you have been on the trip .
 This latest Mallory book is as good as the others , but shares more of her history ... that she did n't even know . The book keeps you reading and leaves you with great anticipation for the next book . Ca n't wait to see what happens from here .
 Once you read the first `` Mallory series '' by Carol O'connell , you are going to feel two things . The first , unless you are truly a fan of very , very well written crime fiction , you wo n't like it . But if you know how to enjoy a character , then Carol 's books , to include the Mallory Series are outstanding . And if you think she only reads a one line of Series on Mallory , read the Judeas Child and you will be absolutely rivited to your seat . Carol O'connel is an outstanding writer , but of course , that 's just my humble opinion ,
 Find Me is one the best of the Mallory series . O'Connell has returned to the tension of the earlier Mallory novels with great effect . It was good to see O'Connell allowing the Mallory character to develop and grow rather than sticking to some tried and true formula . These novels are tough to read if you are looking for a flawless heroic character with all the endings tied up nice and neat . Mallory is a complex individual , antisocial , cold and possibly a psychopath ... but those of us that know her , love her .
 I am a huge fan of the Mallory books , but this story became a little obscure at times.Still , as always , a good read
 I have been keeping up with the Mallory series since they began . I buy each new book as it becomes available . I absolutely loved this book . It had the right amount of intrigue and anticipation . I loved the epilogue . I was not expecting the outcome so it was a surprise . The only thing wrong with the book is that the epilogue kind of makes me worry that this may be the last Mallory book . I hope not .
 Louisa is hiding in plain sight as a dowdy widow . Her past is something that she 's ashamed of and she holds out little hope for a happy future . Anthony Stalbridge is interested in her and their first real encounter is when he kisses her outside Elwin Hastings ' bedroom while they 're both attending a ball.His reasons for being there are different to hers . She 's investigating for a scandal sheet , while he 's trying to find out whether his fiancee 's death was truly a suicide . Both of them have an interest in Mr Hastings and they propose to join forces to bring him to justice.With a lot of twists and turns this story brings the two characters together and is quite an amusing read . I enjoyed it immensely and look forward to more of the same .
 Set in the late Victorian era of England , this is a charming romance with a dose of a compelling tale of mystery to boot . The reader will find that the characters are well-developed and realistic . There is humor which I always appreciate and some of the supporting characters actually made me think of someone that I had known over the years . As the story moves along in this enticing story of society 's upper-class that is cloaked in dark secrets that are tied to the Thames River , hence the title
 OK , sorry but I just HAD to write that ! Now seriously , this is a fun romp with yes , a few bumps along the way , but altogether quite a pleasant read . You have the plucky heroine who is not afraid to investigate and the brooding hero . I will say that the male character was not as interesting as Ms. Quick usually creates but I 'm willing to over look that minor inconvenience . If you typically enjoy Amanda Quick novels , you will enjoy this one . And I promise , no more puns !
 As usual JAK AKA Amanda Quick has scored another winner.Fast pace easy read and very good story .
 This was a little change of pace for this author but as always I thoroughly enjoyed the trip and will take it again and again as I have with all of Amanda Quick 's books ... thanks for another wonderful entrancing tale .
 Amanda Quick is an automatic `` buy '' for me . I always enjoy her books . In fact , I love the books she writes as Jayne Ann Krentz and Jayne Castle , too . They 're smart and funny and very intelligent . I hope she keeps writing more !
 I really enjoy her books and this one was no different . I really enjoyed the romance between the main characters . They mystery was pretty predictable but a good read . The sex scenes were a little disappointing and silly but not enough to take away from the overall read .
 I enjoy all of amanda quick 's books they are exciting , suspenceful lots of romance
 One thing I really like about AQ/JAK 's novels is that not only does she create fascinating characters and excellent plots , but she also manages to capture the mood and atmosphere of whatever period she is writing about.While I was hoping for another Arcane Society novel , this Victorian suspense novel is still a very good read . The characters are ambivalent about each other , which makes the conclusion that much more satisfying , and the secondary characters nicely contribute to the fabric of the book .
 This is a lovely quick read of a Victorian time . It is amusing , innocent by today 's standards ; thus it was a delightful day 's diversion.Louisa was sweet , smart and innocent at the same time . Anthony was wonderfully written and I bought the whole thing.This was a fun romance/mystery . No blood and guts to mess up your mind . Just an excellent way to spend some time .
 An Excellent story in the same vein as her other Arcane series books . Nothing was too surprising , but I liked the sense of humor that she portrays in all of her characters .
 THIS IS THE FIRST TIME I HAVE READ THIS AUTHOR AND I REALLY ENJOYED THIS BOOK , RIGHT TO THE END
 I found this to be the best Amanda Quick story in long time . I love all of her stories , but this one is more like her earlier stories . It was so good I reread the book a week later to remember all the details . I enjoyed both characters , Louisa was strong and intelligent , Anthony was accepting of her intelligence and his family was wonderful . I hope Ms. Quick writes a story for Anthony 's sister , Clarice , she was one of the best parts of the story . The secondary characters were all very interesting to me . I was also glad that Ms. Quick left out any paranormal or Arcane Society in this book . I have enjoyed those stories , but it was good to see a different type story .
 I 've had a book going for 20 years and never once did I read an Amanda Quick story , or any other books under her different names . I picked this one up last week , deciding to give her a try-and could n't put it down once I started it . It grabbed me right from the beginning with a good plot , good characters , good suspense and great writing . I loved Anthony right from the beginning and Louisa was extremely likeable . Both investigating the same man , for entirely different reasons , they team up and work together in what is a story that flows right along , has great dialogue and I love the wit AQ gives her characters . He 's a handsome , rich eccentric and she 's a dowdy widow , and together they search for answers and eventually begin an illicit affair . The entire book was completely enjoyable and now I 'll have to get more . Great read !
 I may be a man , and not just a man , but a family man , but even I like to spend Sunday afternoons lying in my hammock with the latest Amanda Quick -LRB- aka Jayne Ann Krentz -RRB- novel in one hand and a frosty brew in the other , so completely lost in the Victorian world of Quick 's imagination that the noises of my kids playing in the yard , my neighbor mowing his lawn , and my wife yelling at me to get off my lazy bum all fade into the dim background . That 's usually when I get the urge to pee.That does n't compare , of course , to Louisa Bryce 's urge to uncover Elwin Hasting 's dark secrets , one of which may have something to do with the recent drowning of several women in the Thames , one of whom was the fiancee of wealthy , handsome Anthony Stalbridge.The unlikely partnership of the `` unimportant , unfashionable , excessively dull '' Louisa Bryce and the dashing Anthony Stalbridge begins with an expedient but passionless kiss but soon leads them into danger , suspense , and even possible romance as they investigate the mysterious Elwin Hasting in the dark underworld of Victorian England . Quick writes not only a compelling tale , but a quick-footed and quick-witted one , leading our intrepid duo further into the privileged world of the upperclass and the dark belly of the underclass , both shrouded in secrets and dealings that , dare I say it , only the river knows .
 THE RIVER KNOWS reminds me of all the great older Quick novels . No Arcane Society or psychic powers just a wonderful mystery and romance set in the time of Queen Victoria.Lousia Bryce is persuing a career as an informant and writer for one of the Newspapers that circulates in London . She writes under the name I.M. Phantom . She is currently investigating Mr. Elwin Hastings . He is suspected of funding one of the many brothels in London . Lousia is the companion of Lady Ashton and as a result has the ability to travel amongst the titled and wealthy . Being a companion she is rarely noticed , until Anthony Stalbridge takes an unwanted interest in the widow.Anthony is the scion of a wealthy , eccentric family . A year earlier his fiancee committed suicide by jumping from a bridge . He has been searching for a reason or a killer , since he does not believe she killed herself . The search has led him to Mr. Hastings and now to Louisa . The very fact that she tries so hard to be invisible and suceeds at it , fasinates Anthony and when he rescues her with a kiss he finds there is a fire hidden under the drab exterior.While seeking a chance to go through Hastings papers she is almost discovered and only the quick thinking of Anthony saves them both for he is also wanting to search Hastings safe . Discovering that both are interested in Hastings they join efforts and share information . Anthony knows that his fiancee went into a garden where Hastings and his wife were and she never came out . A few days later Hastings wife jumps or was pushed from the same bridge and a week later the owner of a bookstore committed suicide by jumping from the bridge . Something tells him it is no coincidence . Lousia is disgusted by the brothel which forces ladys and women whose husbands leave them in debt to work as ladies of the evening to pay off the debts . Togather they investigate Hastings . The only trouble is Louisa has her own secrets that could cost her her life . As she falls helplessly in love with Anthony she knows she can never have a life with him . He is also very friendly with a detective from Scotland Yard.I really loved this book , one of the best she has written in some time . Do not miss it .
 `` This is the thing with an illicit affair ... It can not end happily . '' Oh , but yes it can -- and it does -- in Amanda Quick 's latest romance novel , THE RIVER KNOWS . Where love and romance and excitingly dangerous liaisons are concerned , `` There are exceptions to every rule '' -- and we would n't have it any other way . Amanda Quick , a pseudonym for Jayne Ann Krentz , shows us the way to romantic bliss.Steamy Victorian passion and devastating kisses are what fans of Quick desire . The New York Times bestselling author reveals that the Victorian Age was not quite so straight-laced after all . It was a time of romantic trysts inside the crested carriages that clop-clop-clopped down foggy London streets , long walks in moonlit gardens that led to stolen moments behind large , perfectly trimmed bushes . The seclusion and humidity of the conservatory provided a private location for the passion that novelists and playwrights wrote about . Lovers seeking to ravish and indulge their passions stole away from elegant balls for exhilarating interludes.Not only do we enjoy a peek behind closed carriages , we also read that there were many bright , educated and talented women who secretly and/or openly engaged in journalism , playwriting , painting and mercantilism . Some even presided successfully as a scantily clad brothel Madam . In a time when it was common for a young woman to wait patiently until she was swept off her feet by a wealthy , handsome Lord , it is refreshing to read here about a Victorian family with `` razor-sharp intelligence and forceful willpower '' and the young women who forged the very beginnings of the sexual revolution.THE RIVER KNOWS revolves around Louisa Bryce , who has a secret that only her employer , Lady Ashton , knows -- one that surely would send her to jail . Louisa is determined to flush out the rogues of Society by writing tabloid articles under the name `` I.M. Phantom '' for the Flying Intelligencer , a `` disreputable paper that thrives on the most lurid sensations . '' Louisa 's romantic experience is limited to what she has read in sensation novels ; she is captivated by the portrayal of illicit passion as a `` transcendent experience . `` When Louisa meets Anthony Stalbridge , a handsome member of Society with impeccable bloodlines , at the Hammond ball , Louisa falls in love at that first moment . Louisa undertakes a brazen quest to expose the shocking activities within Polite Society , including the murder of Fiona Risby , Anthony Stalbridge 's fianc&eacute; . Louisa and Anthony find themselves in intimate circumstances as they delve into the business affairs and blackmail schemes of Elwin Hastings , a prominent member of Society who is at the center of several mysterious deaths . Anthony fears that he failed to protect Fiona from the circumstances that led to her suicide in the river Thames . The clues take the reader from brothels to an attempt on Anthony 's life in London 's Arden Park to clandestine meetings in foggy alleys and straight to Elwin Hastings 's former wife -- who comes back from the murky waters to expose Hastings.When the servants have the afternoon off , the young lovers bring to life a scene from one of the many sensation novels Louisa has read . Anthony leaves Louisa breathless with kisses and the `` transcendent experience '' of an illicit tryst . However , danger lurks as the pair gets closer to the truth behind the deaths , and Anthony must rely on his eccentric family to help him save Louisa from the depths of a darkened dungeon.The `` Polite World '' of Victorian London had its share of secrets , romantic trysts , villains and marriages based on money , property and family connections . What I was surprised to learn was that Louisa possessed a `` wide assortment of sensation novels ... filled with stories of illicit love affairs . '' Quick 's books portray an age of privilege and passions , contrary to the belief that Victorian London was staid and proper.Novels of romantic bliss are not without peril and insecurities . Matters of the heart are mostly complicated , and Louisa finds herself thinking , `` Live for the here and now ; it is all you will ever have with Anthony . '' If you believe , as I do , that it 's possible to fall in love -LRB- or lust -RRB- at first sight , then prepare to abandon yourself to the fantasy of romantic bliss a la Amanda Quick . -- Reviewed by Hillary Wagy
 Anthony Stalbridge is highly placed in society even though his family is considered very eccentric . At present his image is tarnished because his fianc&eacute;e committed suicide and there are rumors that he was breaking off their engagement . Although Anthony is sure she was murdered , he wants to find the killer in the hopes that it was nothing he did or did n't do that caused her demise . He believes Edwin Hastings had something to do with her death and he tries to break into the man 's bedroom safe.Coming out of his Hasting 's bedroom is Louisa Bryce who is looking into Hastings investment in a brothel . They meet up with each other and he grabs and kisses her because he hears a guard coming . After they leave , they talk about why they are interested in the same man . Louisa wants to write a story about him and Anthony wants to prove he murdered his fianc&eacute;e . Later that night he breaks into the safe and finds his fianc&eacute;e 's necklace there as well as proof that the man is an investor in the brothel . As Louisa and Anthony work together to bring Hastings down , they fall in love but she has a dark secret that she hides from everyone and fears when she tells Anthony he will turn from her in disgust.Taking place in the late Victorian era , THE RIVER KNOWS is a fantastic romantic thriller . Like any Amanda Quick novel , this book is a charmer due to the realistic characters who do n't quite fit the society mold . Their amusing antics will have readers chuckling out loud while the support cast moves the plot along quite subtly in a tantalizing tale filled with plenty of action and quite a few surprises.Harriet Klausner
 In my opinion , The River Knows is one of Amanda Quick 's best ! From the opening , the air of suspense builds until the action packed end . The search for truth brings Anthony Stalbridge and Louisa Bryce together . Louisa is spirited and independent and Anthony is something of a free thinker , too . As fans of Ms. Quick will know , the romance between the two is lots of fun . I enjoyed the mix of humor , suspense , and romance -- the mystery left me guessing to near the end . The River Knows was lots of fun to read . I highly recommend it to fans of romantic suspense .
 Louisa Bryce , the mysterious sensational journalist known as I. M.Phantom , has another secret that she must keep from the authorities or risk the hangman 's noose . Anthony Stalbridge is searching for the answers to his fiance 's apparent suicide by drowning in the Thames . The two join forces to find the truth and , in the process , love.Amanda Quick has written a suspenseful Victorian thriller with fascinating main characters , sinister villians , and a host of supporting characters that neatly round out a tightly plotted , satisfying romantic suspense novel .
 It was not that the story was so sensational , but that the main characters were so darn likable they made the story highly amusing and enjoyable .
 Only a year or so ago , Louisa Bryce , a very intelligent woman , faked a suicide to run from the supposed murder of a very prominent , but very evil , man . Hired by Emma Ashton as a companion , someone to write her memoires , Louisa and Emma quickly become fast friends , where Louisa confesses all . In order to help , Emma is playing off Louisa as a distant cousin from the country who is now widowed . `` Unimportant , unfashionable and excessively dull '' , Louisa manages to squeeze around the Polite World , uncovering deep secrets of the weathly Society ton . She is , after all , a journalist for the Flying Intelligencer , a notorious rag ; pen name
 Novels like this one are the reason I like her as a writer . Interesting and a page turner .
 Katherine Kellgren 's voice is perfect for this book . Wish there was more Amanda Quick 's book read by her .
 The flowing Thames holds the secret of the deaths of two women , Anthony Stalbridge 's fiancee and Elwin Hastings ' wife . One woman was found , the other was not found . Louisa Bryce is the reincarnation of a third woman who has supposedly committed suicide in the river . The charade was necessary after she bludgeoned a `` Lord '' who attacked her in her home . She now lives as the poor country relation/companion to a society lady . Louisa also writes as a reporter for a sensational newspaper and uses her connections on the fringe of society as the source of her stories . While attending a party at the Hastings ' home , Louisa begins to snoop around on the second floor . Just outside a bedroom , she runs into Anthony Stalbridge who sweeps her into a kiss as a guard enters the hallway . The kiss leads to their collaboration to seek the reason behind the death of Anthony 's fiancee.As the river flows , so does the story . The witty , spirited conversations between Anthony and Louisa were enjoyable , particularly as she was unaware of the effect that she was having on Anthony . As the mystery unfolds , many of the incidents are predictable , but entertaining nevertheless .
 The River Knows was an excellent read . I enjoyed it as much as the many other Quick novels I 've read . The only criticism I have is that I did not get to know Louisa Bryce or Anthony Stalbridge well enough . There was a great emphasis on the intrigue of the story which worked for me since I love mysteries , but I would have liked more details about who they were . I wonder if she will write other books featuring these characters . I hope so . If she writes another book , I hope she fleshes out the characters more so that we feel as though we really know them .
 The best romance novel I 've read in a while . Really liked the way the writer wrote . And The story kept me interested . Did not want to put it down ! Highly recommend it .
 By whatever name she goes , Amanda Quick is always great . This is a great series and worth reading .
 I am always excited when a new Amanda Quick OR Jayne Ann Krentz novel comes out and I buy them straight away . And USUALLY I find that my money is well spent . This time however I feel a little ripped off ! The River Knows started out so well . Our Heroine Louisa Bryce is a sensation writer who is set on uncovering the truth about Lord Hastings . But this is not the only thing she trys to keep secret . Louisa is also wanted for murder . Our hero of the piece is Anthony Stalbridge a man set on finding justice for his fiance who commited suicide . . Or did she ? I found this book fabulous with lots of shocking surprises . . that is until the final chapters . Quick ends the book quite suddenly by -LSB- SPOILER ALERT ! -RSB- having her hero calmly admit that he has no problem with Lousia actually being the notorious Miss Barclay . And he has no problem with her being a murderer ! Instead he informs her that they will be married ! I was eagerly waiting for the betrayal shock and guilt to arise from this final confrontation however the book ended on a rather hollow and dull note . Definately not one of Quick or Krentz best novels but still quite enjoyable . I suggest getting it from the library that way you wont feel ripped off like myself .
 I was pleasantly surprised with this book . I enjoyed it so much I started and finished it in one day ! I 've been a fan of Amanda Quick for a while now . As someone else mentioned , this one does not involve any odd Societies or scientists , which made for a nice change.I highly reccommend this book to anyone who enjoys a great Regency novel .
 Jayne Ann Krentz strikes again under her historical romance pseudonym , Amanda Quick . Her heroine , as usual , is spicy and daring . Her hero , as usual , is strong and not a little mysterious . Why mess with a proven formula .
 I 'm on the fence about this book . On one hand , I ca n't say I 'm overly fond of the main male lead . The heroine is interesting and likeable , and I almost wish she 'd end up with someone better -LRB- though the hero 's family is quite interesting -RRB- . The storyline has a good mix of mystery and action , if a little overly melodramatic . For those who like a bit more intrigue in their romance novels , this is a decent novel . Not the best by this author by a long shot , but not bad , either.And even though the author does a bit too much leading -LRB- as opposed to letting readers guess themselves or be utterly surprised -RRB- it 's still a tidy , interesting plot . Pity about the hero , but still a solid novel . And if you like this one , I 'd definitely read others by her -LRB- discounting the recent Arcane society ones -RRB- .
 Not quite as good as some of the other Quick historical but still much better than most.I would have appreciated more character development . The story was a little weak in the jump from the prologue to the main story .
 This was an excellent Amanda Quick novel . Full of Intrigue and suspense . The novel with Louisa out to expose Hastings and of course Anthony to find out who killed his fiancee Fiona . There 's chemistry between these two . But also deep secrets also . I wo n't say anymore but to say read this book . You wo n't regret it .
 Amanada Quick -LRB- JAK -RRB- has created another excellent tale of romance and suspense . The characters are interesting -LRB- as always -RRB- and the storyline is well written . It is formulatic in many ways -LRB- as so many of Krentz 's books are -RRB- but I do n't think that detracts from enjoyment of the book.I highly recommend this book for those who love the earlier books by Quick , you wo n't be disappointed !
 How refreshing to read a Quick novel set in some time other than Regency . And with no Arcane or Zaruthian societies in evidence . Just a lovely romance set in Victorian times.TRK reminds me of earlier works by Ms. Quick . One of the things I 've always enjoyed about her books is the h/h against the sceptical world around them . They keep their heads while everyone else is losing theirs . -LRB- stolen from Rudyard Kipling -RRB- There are very few authors whose books I will buy in hardcover . Ms. Quick/Krentz is one of those . Then , I have to buy it again when the paperback version comes out . So , I 'm very careful about which hardcovers I lay my money out on .
 Though this is a romance , shaken with a light dressing of mystery , there are some very serious topics tackled herein.First off is the absolute inability of a woman in Victorian times to control her destiny . Employment opportunities for women were few and far between , and even honest employment could lead to very dangerous situations for a woman alone.Also , this book directly addresses how justice was very different for the gentry than for the non-gentry . Even one with money was not as important as one of the right birth . And if a gentleman was suspected of wrongdoing , he could refuse to answer police questioning . Forget about warrants!We 've come a long way , baby.Beyond all this , though , the book contains a wonderful romp . Louisa Bryce is an intrepid Lois Lane for a dime rag . She uncovers the wrongdoings of the `` polite '' world for all to see . She has her own secrets , however . Anthony Stalbridge is the bad-boy gentleman who , despite her unpromising plumage , becomes quite taken with Louisa . Together they solve a relatively complex mystery -LRB- which , at the end , you see pieces of have been cleverly alluded to all through the book , right from the prologue on down ! -RRB- There is evil , there is tension , and of course there is sex , but it is not horribly graphic , is relatively short in duration , and is easily skimmed without missing too much book . There is even a huge amount dedicated to tongue-in-cheek making fun of illicit passion in `` ladies ' novels '' . I really , really enjoyed this book . -LRB- * -RRB- >
 Louisa Bryce was never the life of the party . Supposedly a distant relative of the respectable Lady Ashton , Louisa stays invisible by being dowdy -- and serves as an investigative reporter , reporting on scandals in ` society ' in Victorian England . She 's hot on the trail of a rumor that a respected gentleman is actually part owner of a notorious brothel when she runs into someone else investigating -- a man who just might be a jewel thief . She and Anthony Stalbridge form an alliance -- they 'll pool their knowledge to learn the secrets that both of them need.What starts out as strictly a business arrangement takes a turn toward the sensual when Louisa and Anthony are forced to rely on an ancient device to escape detection -- they pretend to be lovers , kissing . But pretend kissing has a way of turning into real kissing . Unfortunately , Louisa has a secret that she knows will ever keep her from finding love and marriage -- and everyone knows an illicit relationship can only lead to an unhappy ending.Although Louisa is certain their relationship is doomed , the investigation goes well . Louisa 's evidence is only the beginning of the evils Mr. Hastings has undertaken . He 's certainly conducting blackmail . Could he also be guilty of murder -- including , perhaps , the murder of Anthony 's ex-fiancee ? Author Amanda Quick writes an engaging story with a light touch . Neither Louisa nor Anthony is a particularly complicated character , but their clever dialogue , the cute misunderstandings , and a nice mystery with just enough twists to keep the reader involved add up to an enjoyable novel . THE RIVER KNOWS is summer-beach reading , but it does n't pretend to be anything more than that and we all need a nice desert from time to time .
 There were a few things that bothered me about The River Knows . First the story just seemed to grope along at a snail 's pace . I did n't find to many parts in the story that kept me in suspense , which is unusual for Amanda Quick . She always seemed to have knack for blending , suspense , romance and humor with characters that you enjoy . I 've always enjoyed Amanda Quick and normally the heroine is strong , with a mysterious flare , but this book sort of let me down . But despite these criticisms , I still thought the book was a worthwhile read and I 'll continue to buy her books .
 Amanda Quick is the kind of hit-or-miss author for me . Either I love her stories from the very first page , or I just instantly know I wo n't be interested enough to finish it.Thankfully , this one was a delight from beginning to end . Very much like Mischief was . When Quick gets it right , boy , she gets it VERY right . Her heroines are all so very independent , self-suficient and practical about things , they are very fresh sights for sore eyes in the middle of the sea of too-young and too-silly heroines we usually find in historical romances . No , her heroines are in their middle-twenties , they are generally alone in the world and just have to be clever enough to survive in a world where women are nothing without a man to stand beside them . Or in front of them.When women found themselves alone and without means during that time , they were expected to do anything , ANYTHING , mind you , be it becoming a governess , a companion or even a prostitute , anything BUT go into trade . And that was what our heroine did . At least in the beginning of the book . Before she killed a man who was trying to rape and kill her . After that she was forced to fake suicide , and sometime later managed to reapper in Society as a widow called Louisa . She also managed to attract the eye of gentleman Anthony Stalbridge . But that was not all she managed to attract ... now there 's a killer on the loose and what started with the investigation of a couple of crimes soon becomes three , then four ... and , if she is not careful enough , her murder might be next on the list.Quick 's heroes are always very likeable as well . They are the first ones to notice how much they care about the heroines , and then have to convince them to be with them . It 's most unusual and diverting . Yes , Quick is very good with influencing her readers to use new/more ` archaic ' vocab . : PI loved Anthony and Louisa and their misadventures . I could almost feel their chemistry , they were so good together . Too bad Miss Quick is n't much of a fan for steamy scenes , because they sure would have been great at one of those . LOL !!! Anthony 's family were delightful as well . Very unconventional , like most of her characters.That is the perfect word to describe Quick 's books
 I love most of Amanda Quick books . This was one of my favorites . Their all similar but I really liked the hero and heroine in this one .
 This book was excellent . This was the first time I 've read a book by Tu-Shonda L.Whitaker , but she is truly a gifted writer . Her book focuses on the relationship between a younger man and a older woman , it was good from beginning to end . Brenda L. Thomas 's book was good , it could have ended differently , but maybe that means the story will continue . Her story focuses on a doctor that ends up in the hospital , and develops feelings for the doctor that 's attending to her . Crystal L. Winslow 's book was very good , it focuses on a female that has some serious mental issues , but devolps a relationship with a guy who has been hurt before . The ending will suprise you . Daaimah S. Poole 's book was good also , it was the story of a female and male involved in a long distance relationship , when the female starts to feel lonely she seeks pleasure outside the relationship , and soon learns , sometimes what you need is right in front of your face , if you just exercise a little patients .
 Tu-Shonda 's , `` Whatever it Takes '' was absolutely hilarious ! I 'm a huge fan of Tu-Shonda . Her writing skills are magnificent.Brenda 's `` Every New Year '' was pretty good . I wanted just a little bit more to happen at the end . `` Dangerously in Love '' was spooky to say the least . Crystal did a brilliant job writing this one . I loved her other two books as well . I ca n't wait until Sex , Sin & Brooklyn II is released.Daaimah S. Poole 's , `` My Boo '' was good too . Those long distance relationships can be awful .
 This was a great collaboration for a talented group of writers . I enjoyed all of the stories , and out of all of them Brenda 's and Tushanda 's were my favorite . Over all , good job ladies !
 Well , I thought that anthologies could n't get any better than Cream , but the four divas of good writing has gotten together and created a blast to send this year out with a bang !! Tu-Shonda Whitaker , takes the lead in this book with the story , Whatever it Takes , setting the stage for an older woman and a younger man . She introduces Mr. Marcus and he will have you in stiches , all the while you will be rooting for true love , will it happen this year ? Tu-Shonda , as usual does a great job penning a great story . I was impressed with the fact that out of the four authors that she is the newest author , but pens a tale that leads the pack of good stories and writers . Kudos to you , Ms. Tu-Shonda . Brenda Thomas , does what she does best and grinds out a story that is off da hook . Every New Year , is told Brenda Thomas style and is a good read . Will size mean anything to you after this read ??? Crystal Winslow , Dangerously in Love , shows the dangers that just can happen when we think love comes a knockin ' . Can you trust it , is real love what it seems ? Find out in this story of twists and turns as the New Year comes thru again.My Boo , by Daaimah Poole takes us on another journey but will have you thinking twice about that long distant love and ya friend 's jump off ! Sometimes you just want to hurry and kiss the year good bye , and good riddance !!! This book is a great end to the Old Year and a great way to begin the New Year . Good read , quick read , great combination of authors as we Kiss the Year Goodbye.Kudos to all the authors for a job well done !!! P.S. To Dat Girl Ashley , In Tu-Shonda 's story there were two different chicks named Monique one was his ex-girlfriend and one was the jeweler . Both chicks probably had the same name , so it would make it believable when India thought he was cheating on her . Remember she found the number with just a name , and thought it was his ex girl and then it turned out to be someone totally different . Things like that happen in life and we as women when suspicious ca n't see pass anything . Also remember these are short stories , perhaps when they become books , if they do , they will probably answer all those questions we , as readers , think about .
 I love this boook for beginning to end ! For anyone who loves romance get this book !
 4 Great stories ... As always Tushonda storie was funny !! I enjoyed them all they all tugged at my heart strings SmileI think I enjoyed The story about Jovie and London the most , I like the way it was written with the lil facts thrown in here and there . I also felt like I was counting steps with jovie as she was walking Smile Very well written.I 'm kinda of late on this one but if was good .
 If you enjoy various stories from various authors - please read this book . It is very interesting and a page-turner . Sit back and enjoy the ride !
 If you you do n't have a lot of time and want to get in a quick story , this is a good book .
 I really bought this book due to `` Whatever It Takes '' . I really like the story because I can definitely relate . `` Dangerously In Love '' was another story altogether ; I just kept having this feeling that Joy/Jovie were the same ; but I kept reading the story hoping that perhaps the ending was different ; Old dog -LRB- London -RRB- thought with his johnson on that ; then in `` My Boo '' , why would it take for you to go half way across the country to realize that the person you are with was not for you ? Interesting read .
 I really enjoyed all of the stories in this book . This was my first time reading Ms. Whitaker 's work . I liked her use of the fill in characters , Mr Marcus and JuJu made me laugh out loud.Ms . Thomas has written hotter novels but I was n't disappointed . Ms. Winslow adds a different twist to the typical love story and lastly , Ms. Poole gives a good example of the grass not always being greener .
 I have always said that I am not into short stories but many authors have made me take that back . Every story in this book was well done well written and just plain good.Tu-shonda writes about and older woman who starts dating her friend 's son.Brenda writes about a doctor who gets shot and loses her memory . She then meets another doctor when she is in the hospital who tries to help her get her memory back.Daiimah writes about a long distance relationship.Crystal writes about a man who is wronged who does n't want a relationship but ends up in one anyway with a stalker.Enough said well worth your money .
 But , `` Kiss the Year Goodbye '' was mos def the year to be in ! My girl , Tu-Shonda has spun a believeable tale of `` age ai n't nuthin but a number . '' Tu-Shondastyle was fo ' sho ' a smart move in bringing hers to the forefront . I did n't think she could spring forth another as good as Uncle Boy ... , -LRB- you veteran Tu-Shonda fans know what I 'm talkin ' bout ! -RRB- , but I was wrong ! She did it up with a bunch of laughs , lust , and it is mos def lyrically correct . This is one that she needs to finish the birthing stage fo ' real . Tu-Shonda , take notes , your fans are calling you out girlfriend!Readers , do n't hate , wait , just pick up your copy and do n't be late.Brenda Thomas ` and Daaimah S. Poole 's stories were also good reads . Crystal Lacey Winslow took you to a whole diffent level ! If you like Sybil , go for it!Good job ladies ! Continue to bless us with super writing !
 Might want to read this one last . I really liked Whatever it takes by Tu-Shonda , but it was a little tacky . What I really did n't understand was ***** ~ ~ ~ ~ IF YOU DO N'T WANT TO KNOW THE ENDING DO N'T READ PAST THIS !!! ~ ~ ~ ***** the Monique thing . If Monique was a jeweler , then why in the world did she start that huge argument at the poetry slam ? And if she was just a jeweler then why would Devin call her back the next day and say `` I 'm sorry about yesterday , she 'll be at work and I have off , '' if he was just picking up jewelry then would he really need to explain all that to her ? -LRB- If someone can understand that then please explain it in your review . -RRB- It would be nice if she wrote an epilogue . I felt like she left me hanging with the ending . I mean did they get married , have kids , and did Joan accept all of this ? Or did he break her heart leaving her all along for the rest of her life ? I read this in 5hrs . -LRB- But two of those were spent trying to figure out that Monique thing . -RRB- My most fav is Every New Year . It was so good and original . Not until the epilogue did I say , ` oh I knew that was going to happen . ' The way the story was it kept me interested and wanting to know more and what will happen . ***** ~ ~ ~ IF YOU DO N'T WANT TO KNOW THE ENDING DO N'T READ PAST THIS !!! ~ ~ ~ ***** When she stared to remember her name , I thought she was going to yell , `` My name is ... '' right on top of him and he was going to say what , and stop what he was doing to look at her with a blank look , but then again that brings us back to it was not predictable . I really hated how controlling Terrell was . We really did n't get to see a lot of that in the book but from what we did read it was a little shut up and let her handle her business . The ` good doctor ' made this a good story . This took me about two hours.If you should read any , read Dangerously in Love . The whole story was great and the end set it off . I would have never thought that in all my life this was a wonderful tell . If you do n't read any of the stories at least read this one . At the end you finally see why a lot of stuff was -LRB- why they were never in the room together , the crazy voice , and why it jumps from person to person -RRB- . I have never read any other of the author 's books , but if she is always this great of a writer then I will need to.My second fav . is My Boo . In My Boo we find out that close to home and in arms reach is not always the best for you . Gina has a long distance boyfriend named Chris . She starts to think that he is not spending enough time with her , so she ***** ~ ~ ~ IF YOU DO N'T WANT TO KNOW THE ENDING DO N'T READ PAST THIS !!! ~ ~ ~ ***** hooks up with her X-roommates `` friend '' Khalil . She goes on a New Years get away with him when she treats her like trash . She then finds herself in the arms of the one who she truly loves and who truly loves her.Every story could have been its own full length book personally . I hope that these four talented authors get together and make another one of these books maybe about Valentines Day ??? I do n't know but this sure was a nice way to bring in the New Year .
 In Memphis , Olivia Dale does the cop beat . Although quite young for such an assignment and is not even aware of the names of the cops she reports on , Olivia normally arrives after the police and medical examiners have completed their efforts . This time she happened to hear the report of murder over the scanner and was close enough to beat most of the homicide cops to the scene . For the first time she sees the brutalized corpse lying in the park before the tape prohibits voyeurs and reporters -LRB- some might say that is the same -RRB- . The victim is Allison Avery , who haunts Olivia , as she seems so similar to herself down to her painted toenails at least to the reporter . An obsessed Olivia needs to know the truth because the similarities between them bedevil her and she could have been the person lying in the park . Olivia begins her own investigation into the life of Allison by flirting with the victim 's brother and former boyfriend . Olivia digs deeper into a life that increasingly strikes home.Though in some respects , BODY OF A GIRL is an amateur sleuth tale , the story line centers more on Olivia 's state of mind . Olivia is a complex character whose actions obfuscate the barrier between reporting a story and becoming the story . The support cast , including the victim , exists for readers to dig deep inside the mind of the protagonisst . Purists who enjoy an amateur sleuth examining a murder will probably be a bit disappointed by this tale , but readers who relish a psychological portrait of an investigator who stepped over the line will devour Leah Stewart 's debut novel .
 Body of a Girl is so wonderful I can only urge you to order it and read it as soon as possible . Allison Avery is the perfect ` girl . ' Beloved by friends and family . Her murder opens up her life ... a secret life that may have led to her brutal murder . Olivia Dale is a young reporter who covers the story for her Memphis newspaper . Olivia bears a resemblance to Allison and soon the murdered girl 's family and friends open up to her , giving her insight into Allisons life . Olivia is drawn into this shadowy and dangerous world , fascinated by the wild side hidden inside her . Leah Stewart is a wonderful writer . I never thought anyone could hold a candle to Ruth Rendell , but here she is ! This book is what a crime novel should be ... literate , insightful and most importantly , great fun to read . I look forward to the next book !
 I have to say there are not many books I just ca n't put down , but this was one of them . Leah Stewart has done a remarkable job of luring you in so easily you do n't realize how engaged you are before it 's too late . I 'm not normally a mystery/thriller reader , but this was recommended by a friend , and I 'm really glad I picked it up . The book is terrific -- hard to believe it 's a first novel !
 I really enjoyed this book . It was one of few I looked forward to while at work . Leah Stewart did a wonderful job of creating believable characters and a suspenseful plot , while also brilliantly conveying the atmosphere of it 's setting - Memphis . This is my favorite book of it 's kind since Mystic River , and I look forward to more from this author .
 This is a fascinating book , with an amazingly developed protaganist . Olivia Dale is a complex and intense character who will stop at nothing to get the story . A crime reporter in Memphis , Olivia comes upon the case of a dead young woman who looks like her , is her age , and for all intents and purposes , could just as easily have been her or any other young woman in the city . Wanting to get to the bottom of what happened , how , why and by whom , Olivia begins living as the victim might have . She tries to piece the puzzle together by recreating the victim 's life and experiences . We watch this woman transform as a person and reporter , and learn a great deal about herself . What are human boundaries , and how far are we willing to extend them in different circumstances ? A highly recommended , page turning , thriller .
 Body of a Girl is dubbed as a cross-genre literary / mystery novel . I personally hate labels and peoples ' need to categorize everything into neat little categories . Screw that I say . Body of a girl is quite simply a well-written , novice newspaper-reporter-turned-sleuth novel . It is a story of a young journalist -- motivated as much as she is naive -- beginning her career -LRB- ironically paralleling the author 's life , in some sense -RRB- and trying to remain true to who she is among a seedy , often cruel and corrupt world . And like the author 's true life symbolically mirrors that of the main character , so does our main character spend much of the novel peering into the looking glass of the victim 's life who eerily also mirrors her own ; and , hence , we have a tridimensional dynamic in the deep , deep underlying machinations of this literary work which -LRB- for me -RRB- gave it real substance and made for an undeniably genuine and fulfilling read.On a lighter note , I really enjoyed the precise prose , even pacing , well-developed characters , sweltering setting , and most importantly
 Leah Stewart is a talented writer . I read this book after finishing her most recent novel , The Myth of You and Me -LRB- which I highly recommend -RRB- . This story is dark and chilling . Olivia is a young reporter covering crimes in Memphis on a hot summer . When the body of girl is found , the case becomes eerily personal for Olivia and the lines between professional duty and personal struggles become blurred as she gets deeper into the murdered girl 's story and life . The characters in this novel are deep and well developed , and the sultry atmosphere of a hot summer in Memphis is well rendered . I highly recommend this book .
 A 25-year old fledging ace crime newpaper reporter seeks the answers to a night time street murder of a multi-faceted young lady with a surprising resemblance to the reporter herself . Our intrepid narrator meets about every type , from frustrated lovers , drugged out kid brothers , very good local police , and a lot more . And in this case , the police do a fine job in crime solving , a nice change from many novels of the genre . A fine atmospheric job you 'll read thru to the end ! My only quibble . . Is it that easy to enter the apartment of a murder victim ?
 From the moment I started this book , I was hooked . Every page had me on the edge of my seat . Was there nothing the main character would n't do for her story ? -LRB- You 'll have to read it for yourself to find out if and where she draws her line in the sand . -RRB- Stewart 's writing style perfect for the tale . She does a great job of helping you understand the motivations of the lead character without giving away her next move . No easy task.A great read . You wo n't be disappointed .
 I really liked reading this book . It took a while to get into , but once you knew who everyone was and what they were doing , it really sped along . I am curious more about what Olivia is like , not only that she thinks a lot about her job , but other things , like how she acts and looks . David also seems `` not involved '' . I liked most of the book , but the ending could use some work . I was really curious what would have happened after . The epilogue was strage . I guess it 's a lot of things to handle for a 13 year old girl like myself , :--RRB- . This is a great book , it would make a good movie too . I could n't stop reading it !
 I loved this book . It has wonderful writing , strong pace , and a fascinating main character -- a reporter who risks herself to pursue a story about a young murder victim who looks like her.She penetrates the dead woman 's world and dresses like her and goes to the nightclubs where she went and interviews her family and friends as she digs up the dirt . The character and personality of the dead woman haunt the narrative . Her fascination with this crime victim is the engine that drives the story . The dead woman 's presence is riveting.This is not your typical hard-boiled mystery , thank heaven . It reads like a mainstream or even literary novel and comes closer to `` The Secret History '' than to the genre stuff of Robert B. Parker . It swept me up in its world . As a writer myself , I had very few nitpicks , which is unusual . I recommend it highly .
 It 's been a few years since I picked up this book at the library . I scan the pages to read a paragrah of a few chapters before I check out a book and I read the back and had to get it . I remember it so strongly because it was THAT great ! Leah Stewart , author , has written only two books ` Body of a girl ' and after reading this I got the other book , ` The Myth of you and me ' ; and it 's great , too . Stewart 's knowledge of her characters are amazing and her usage of words take you `` there `` The novel is graphic and I suggest mature readers . I urge you to read it ! You 're turly missing out if you have n't .
 The transformation of the main character , Olivia , into her own newspaper crime victim is thrilling . Leah Stewart accomplishes a great task at showing how similar Olivia and Allison are despite their different lifestyles , and how Olivia 's personality evolves as she learns and embodies the life of a young lady whose secrets and passions exemplify the complexity of her character . Great job Leah !!! - EC
 A wonderful read . A wonderful experience . Protagonist Olivia Dale 's own hypnotic pursuit of self is enough of a therapy session for the common reader . By combining the essentials of prize-winning literary fiction and a cool , hip beach read , Leah Stewart , in this exceptional debut novel , stuns the reader into discovering things about himself while being completely engrossed and entertained in her own seedy Memphis crime story . This is a psychological thriller that delivers ! Buy today , start it today , do n't put it down until it lets you . Stewart may just be the queen of a new generation of young writers poised to take the lierary world by storm .
 Leah Stewart really knows her way around a newspaper office or else has a vivid imagination . She recreates the alienation reporters sometimes experience when they are involved in a story for a long time , with all the relationships entwined that end when the reportage does . Her descriptions of newsroom politics and police/female reporter relationships are right on . So are some of the fears that women reporters -LRB- editors , too -RRB- experience when working strange shifts . Moreover , this is a terrific story that rings with truth and makes the reader , like the main character , want to feel a kinship with the murder victim while seeing many of her friends and relatives as potential killers .
 I just love all of Catherine Coulter 's books . Her suspense and FBI thrillers are the best . She really fooled me with this one . I thought I new for sure who the guilty person was , and as usual it was n't . She fooled me again . I really thought I figured it out this time . Fromt the beginning of the book and up to the very end she has you on pins and needles , wanting and guessing what is really going on . I loved it . It is a must read . I highly recommend this book !!
 This book is a great read , one that is hard to put down until you 've finished it . The characters are both interesting and believable , and you care what happens to them . Coulter brings her excellent descriptive and action style to this novel of romantic suspense , and keeps you on the edge of your chair and guessing until the end . She neatly wraps up all of the details with a very satisfying and hard-to-predict conclusion . Coulter is one of those writers who rarely disappoints , and she hits the bullseye with this one !
 I went to the States when I was 19 with my Nan to see her sister who lived in South Dakota . Personally , I thought it was utterly brain numbingly boring and would have preferred to go home to the UK . We went to some random book shop one muggy afternoon and I picked this book up . It looked good on the back and I figured I would give it a go.I read it fanatically . It took me several hours of dedicated reading and I finished it . It was amazing . I loved the whole book and all it 's many literary devices . I especailly enjoyed Catherine 's use of native British colloquailism that I found particularily sweet because I missed home like mad.I contacted Catherine to ask her if she had any british ties because of her use of language . She told me that her grandmother was scottish . Nuff said.This book should be made into a movie . People can identify with Lyndsay in terms of personality . She has a terribley low self perception that so many of us have ... masterful and breath taking .
 This is an amazing story of greed and cruelty . How a young girl survives the scorn and misery of her teen years , from those who should have given her support and love . She finally emerged from the emotional torture to an amazing recovery . I enjoyed it thoroughly . I will read anything Ms Coulter writes .
 From the moment that I read the first page , this book was a sexy , mysterious , full of secrets , GREAT book ! Believe me , it is not a `` trashy '' book , but it has * romance * -LRB- a.k.a. great sex -RRB- , and a great plot to go with it ! This book is definitely a romance novel , but not mushy ! BUY THIS BOOK !
 This is Catherine Coulter 's finest modern romance , her most recent offerings leave alot to be desired .
 The story where a girl matures and is able to over come her abusive family as well as overcoming her fears from a brutal rape was really touching.The tender , concerned , Taylor was too good to be true but I did n't mind in the least . He was exactly what every one dreams of in a hero.I must say the only thing I found difficult was the violence in several places ... but at least good conqured evil ...
 Lindsey Foxe was raped by her brother in law when she was 18 . Ever since , she was always cauious of guys . She would n't get near one , even by ten feet . She does go near the guys that she knows are not going to hurt her . One day , Taylor walks into her life and says that he is there to protect her because her agent had sent him there . She was totally afraid of Taylor and she even walked out on him when he was taking a shower . He realizes that she was afraid of guys so he decides to try and gain her trust in him . It took time but she finally decided to trust him . When taylors job to protect her was over , they went out on dates and then someone really does tries to kill her . Who ? I ca n't tell you.If you really want to know who 's trying to kill her , you have got to read the book . It 's a story that you would remember forever . It 's a loving and a mysterious book . You 'll love it . Give it a try !
 The story weaved a WICKED web
 Catherine Coulter gets better with time . This book is long and not as well written as her FBI series . I do love reading Catherine 's books .
 Thoroughly enjoyed reading this Coulter offering . At time I felt main character a bit trying and naive but on the whole loved the book as it was based in two of my favorite cities . Beyond Eden
 Beyond Eden -LRB- Contemporary Romantic ThrillerThis is an oldie but good solid story of real romance and caring with a dash of mystery tossed in for interest .
 I love this book !!! It 's one of my all time favorites . . I wish they would make it into a movie ! I believe it would be a big hit !!
 I love Catherine Coulter books , have read quite a few . I liked Beyond Eden but found it a little slow and mild compared to some of the others .
 Beyond Eden is one of Catherine Coulters older books but , it is an excellent book . This some good reading . The twists and turns are great as are the memorable characters . This proves that money cant always buy you happiness !!!
 I 'm quite shocked by how many people gave this book a bad review . I 've never written a review on a book before , but I felt I needed to after so many people showed dislike of this particular book . I have my favorite authors , but mostly I look to the reviews to see if it was well liked before doing anything else . I thought this book was a very interesting and entertaining book . I 'm not going to base it upon prior books written by the author but this book alone . I 've never read a book with this type of storyline . I really enjoyed it.At the end of the day it 's about what was able to keep your attention and what ca n't . I read this book in a day . I will say that all romance novels tend to be hokey no matter what the story . Because lets admit it , if our own lives were half as good we would n't need to read fiction.I liked this book alot . To each his own . Happy reading .
 Catherine Coulter 's BEYOND EDEN is a fast moving romantic suspense story . Lindsay Foxe move across a continent to escape from the brutal assault of her brother-in-law and changed her name to protect herself from the past.The is a mystery to take to bed on a dark and gloomy night.Nash Black , author of QUALIFYING LAPS .
 I have read all CC 's FBI Series and have enjoyed them and wanted to read something else by her that was not a Historical Romance and happened across this book . I liked it for the most part . The rape scenes did n't put me off from wanting to finish the book . Even in the FBI Series there were violent scenes -LRB- the rape and abuse of a little girl in one -RRB- and unfortunately these things do happen . What disturbed me more is the guy got away with the rape . Taylor was quite a guy . This romance was a lot of work for him . Not too many guys would have had the patience to do what he did to get Eden/Lindsey to trust him . The end was a little far fetched like Lindsey taking out 2 different attackers right after she had been hospitalized with a collasped lung and other serious injuries and then again right after she has been shot . I think probably the point here was CC wanted to portray her as no longer a victim , but still a bit unbelievable . I do n't know when I 've seen a nastier father or sister as 2 of the characters in this book . I kept wanting Lindsey to say enough already . All in all , it was a good read . There were many different characters throughout the book that keeps your interest .
 I read this book many years ago and I was happy to read it again . Coulter has a way of getting you close to her characters . Lindsey was raised by a horrible father . Always treating her like an outcast and constantly putting her down and abusing her verbally . The biggest deception and hurt happened when she was 18 years old and raped and beaten by her sister 's husband . Lindsey 's father blamed Lindsey and claimed to the press that she was a slut and a Lolita . Finally several years later Lindsey discovers herself . She becomes Eden a famous model and meets the man of her dreams . And now someone is out to kill her . Is it her Father , who was disinherited by his mother and gave Lindsey/Eden all the fortune , is it her old professor from college who is a crazy , is it her sister , or her sister 's husband , or is it someone else who wants her dead . Good surpise at the end . This book keeps you guessing .
 I 've read numerous Coulter books in the last several years . While I honestly enjoy Coulter 's FBI thrillers , I found this a nice departure from those themes and characters . Lindsey `` Eden '' Foxe is a believable and interesting character . I could not put this one down . It was a very good read .
 The title of this book threw me off . But when I read the synopsis , I was delightfully surprised to learn that it centered around a terribly isolated and victimized woman named Eden . If you want to sympathize and even emphathize with all the trials and tribulations of an oppressed female character , and yet simultaneously delve into the superficial world of modeling and the upper crust society in general , then I highly suggest this book . You 'll find yourself becoming engrossed with all the unpredictable twists and turns . You 'll definitely root for the underdog and find yourself abhoring the antagonists.Trust me , you will not be disappointed .
 I was very pleasantly surprised by this book . when I first began reading it was so depressing and then violent graphic I wasnt sure i wanted to keep reading . But not wanting to spend the evening depressed i kept going hoping to find the part when some sort of resolve occurs . I ended up staying awake the whole night finishing the book . Sometimes the characters seem a little unbelievable accept - I really know people like the characters in the book . People at the worse , their most afraid , their most stubborn , and their most glorious . It started out heartbreaking and lifts you to joyus heights . the ending took me completely by surprise . it was a bit out in left feild but so rarely am I unable to predict the ending of a novel that I give it a thumbs up anyway . great read .
 This is an amazingly well written book . The characters in the book were believable and well written . You could picture the characters and their behaviors went along with the way they were displayed throughout the novel . I hated Royce Foxe as a character but could n't help but admire the way Ms. Coulter wrote about him . The novel is written well and made you feel the emotions the characters were feeling . I almost cried at the hateful words Lindsey 's father had to say about her , or when Sydney was dredging up the past . The novel showed growth in the main character Lindsey and you want to get up and applaud her on her bravery and her honesty about her feelings . You also want to sigh when Taylor comes into the picture and makes her feel things she has never felt before . I know I would feel exactly like her if something like that ever happened to me . Taylor was an interesting character and I wholeheartedly loved him . He was an excellent edition to the novel and he made it worth reading . Lindsey and him was an unlikely pair but you could see them together in the future . It was clever of Ms. Coulter to put Taylor in the hospital at the same time . It was interesting to see where that would fit in to the rest of the book . All in all this was an excellent novel . I would recommend it to just about anybody . The graphic rape scene might put some people off but other than that being an avid reader I could n't find any other faults in the novel .
 The first novel I read by Coulter was impulse , and I thought that it was a great suspense book . I thoroughly enjoyed the character development . Therefore I decided to read her others and particularly enjoyed Beyond Eden . While I am an avid fan of suspense novels , the romance in the story was quite touching . I have had the tendency to shy away from typical romance novels , but the hero was very refreshing . If you are looking to read about a great guy - a guy any woman would fall for , Taylor is it . This book offered more romance than suspense , but it was a pleasant surprise . I will definitely read her other novels .
 For some reason I have avoided Ms Coulter 's earlier contemporaries . I am pretty sure it has something to do with my not being a fan of her earlier historicals , but I am an avid fan of her newer FBI series . However , BEYOND EDEN surprised me by being classic Coulter . A very entertaining , poignant , and humorous read . There is a very graphic rape scene , but it sets up the book and is quite necessary for the plot . You heal along with the heroine as she finds a life where she finally fits in and someone who wants her just as she is . Taylor , the hero , is just that . A perfect foil for Lyndsay and a prime example of one of Coulter 's better heroes.The mystery is a very good one that kept me guessing the whole time . A regular whodunnit . I highly recommend this book to Coulter fans , old and new . It will not disappoint .
 This is the first book I read by Catherine Coulter ... I borrowed it from a room mate , and now I 'm reading more of Coulter 's books . I thought the story really evoked emotions from the reader ... you get very angry at Linday 's family , and you feel so envious of Lindsay because she has Taylor ... what a great guy . The romance is tasteful , and I think he 's the kind of man every girl is looking for . Other readers were put off by the rapes in this book , but it part of the story and is what forms the characters and their actions .
 I have just finished this book for A school project . When I first saw this book I thought it would be a bore like most of the ones I see around my house , but it turned out to be the best story I have read since Where The Heart Is . It has it 's moments but other then a few pages It is miraculous and well writen . Must read and should be on the best sellers list .
 When Lindsay Foxe 's brother-in-law rapes her , at first I was shocked , then I got angry at both him and Lindsay 's sister . Years after the assult S.C.Taylor meets Lindsay , the once ugly duckling-turned-swan model , calling herself Eden . Even as her hired bodyguard , Lindsay was still scared to death of Taylor and any other man . The fact that they fell in love still surprises me . You can read this book for yourself and find out why Lindsay/Eden needed a bodyguard in the first place .
 I was a bit apprehensive about this book in the beginning , and the first few pages I groaned at the way the book was heading , but after those pages past I was completely taken with Eden/Lindsay and Taylor . I was so drawn into their story and felt every pain and happiness they shared . And excellent read !
 This is an enjoyable read ... no heavy philosophy , no deep agendas , just a contemporary to enjoy with enough mystery to keep you guessing .
 Eden , who 's real name is Lindsay , has someone trying to kill her . Her fiancee Taylor is trying to find out who and stop them . There is a lot of backstory in this novel , as we go back in time to see Lindsay as a teenager and the brutal crime that takes place when she is very young . As a result , her family has more or less turned their backs on her.I found this novel to have me on the edge of my seat and turning pages quickly . I hated almost every character except Lindsay and Taylor . There were times when it seemed that maybe Lindsay had allowed herself to be trampled on , however , that did not take away from the overall storyline .
 `` Beyond Eden '' is a fabulous book . The emotion I felt for the characters was bone deep . Taylor and Lindsey were two mismatched characters that found acceptance in eachother 's embrace.Lindsey -LRB- Eden -RRB- was an affection depraved , naive teenager taken advantage of by a cruel brother-in-law , hated by her half sister , and despised by her own father . She found protection behind a false identity and aloof facade . She had things settled . . until Taylor happened in.S.C Taylor was a perfect candidate for Eden . He was compassionate and loving to Lindsey as herself , but also solid and steady for Eden , her model persona . He showed her a side of herself she thought she had lost a long time ago and a love so potent that she just could n't escape.I have already recommended this book to friends , but I did n't borrow my copy out for worry of wanting to read it again and not having it on hand .
 This is a story about a girl who over comes many emotional scars from her family and life in general . I would say this is more a family/romance book with some suspense then a true thriller.However , if you 're a hardcore romance fan , I would highly suggest you try this book . I must warn you though , if rape scenes bother you then this book should be read with caution . This book is VERY vividly detailed , truly a heart wrenching story . . at times it made me tear , at times it made me curse out loud but I read this book in 1 sitting , very powerful and poignant . I didnt want it to end !
 This book came highly recommended by a friend of mine who works at the used bookstore where I frequently go to get books . This book was an excellent read . It was full of romance and suspense.I finished it in 2 days.I just could n't put it down . I was reading it even at work . This is a must read . I will probably read it again . Pam
 I loved this book ! In fact , I could n't put it down . The characters were well-developed , something that is lacking in a lot of modern-day novels . The attention to detail was greatly appreciated , though some scenes could have toned down -LRB- i.e. the rape scene -RRB- . All-in-all , a most excellent book . NEVER A DULL MOMENT WHEN READING YOUR BOOKS , and I 've loved all of them . Never have I read one of your books that I did n't like . Thanks so much !!
 When I opened up `` Beyond Eden '' to begin reading I was expecting a romantic suspense/thriller as it had been categorized . It was heavier on the romance and not so much the suspense , but I think even those expecting a lot of suspense could n't be disappointed in this book -LRB- although I see there have been a few negative reviews surprisingly -RRB- . It was absolutely wonderful in my opinion.The format is just slightly different in that it begins in the present day but then goes back in time to when Lindsay Foxe was about 16 and then a couple years later when she was 18 , the time where she was brutally raped by an Italian prince who just happened to be her half-sister 's husband . This is a graphic scene but necessary for the overall story . We also learn about Taylor , the hero , and how he ties in to the story even then in these background chapters . The story continues through the years until again we reach present time -LRB- althought not until 300 + pages into the book -LSB- paperback edition -RSB- -RRB- where the story had originally begun.Without giving away any spoilers , I will just say that is an incredibly touching and poignant journey of a woman as she tries to come to grips with her past and the brutality at the hands of someone she thought she admired and could trust , and on top of everything , being told she was the one at fault . Through this journey she finds strength to stand up to the family that has tried to keep her down and finds love with Taylor , a man originally hired to protect her and a man she eventually comes to trust and love and know would n't hurt her for anything . When they finally make love , it was very passionate and beautiful . These two characters were meant to be together and it 's hard not to fall in love with them . This is definitely a story I will read again .
 This was the first Catherine Coulter book that I have read . It was easy to get hooked . There were many twists and turns that kept me wondering . I loved Taylor . What a guy . Is n't this who we all want ? I was very pleased and surprised with this book . I love finding a new author to explore !
 Once again Catherine comes thru with an extraordinary story that builds to a climax that the reader will certainly appreciate when it finally ends . She is a master at mystery writing and combines just enough interesting-type romance to make the story exciting and suspenseful .
 I really loved this book . I could n't put it down . . I would really recommend Born in Fire to anyone who likes romance novels !
 Born in fire is a very down home , sit by the fire kind of book . It is one that all romance novel readers will want to read more than once . Nora Roberts displays her characters with style , yet with values and respect . Maggie and Rogan are two people not likely to fall in love . Maggie with her look at her mother and fathers marriage is bound and determined she will never fall in love and get married because of the way her parents own marriage failed , Rogan on the other hand is a very demanding man with high expectations for Maggie and a good out look on life . He opens Maggies eyes to love that she never dreamed of , or wants to dream of , having . This love novel is a wonderful one to sit and read non-stop , you wo n't want to put this book down . I ca n't wait to read Born in Ice and Born in Shame .
 I only keep books that I dont mind re-reading & this is one them . Ive kept them in both paperback & electronic .
 As alway , Nora Roberts has another great book . I have read all of this series and I loved them all .
 I LOVED this Irish Trilogy , Excellent Narrator I first read this story in 11/2009 I really liked the story line.And Maggie Spitfire attitude always Snapping like a terrier ... lol but down deep she has a kind heart ...
 Nora Roberts was great ! She created a wonderful character who I could relate to ... except Maggie 's temper ... Haha , no that too . Loved it !
 Loved all three in this series . Nora Roberts as usual holds the reader 's attention and makes us care about the characters and what happens to them . I always finish her books wondering how the rest of the characters ' lives turn out . Loved this book even though I read it out of order . It made me anxious to find out the rest of the story . Good read for a rainy , winters ' day or two . Hard to put down , easy to pick up .
 This was a light , fun , typical Nora Roberts ' romance . I enjoyed it despite it 's predictability and whatnot . The characters are interesting . At times there are some long boring passages that can easily be skimmed over . Overall recommended .
 this is the first of the `` Born In '' stories and the one I enjoyed most . The fire and creativity of the heroine was wonderfully believable . Her interaction with her sister and mother was very realistic . Her love story was funny and wonderful . After reading this book , I had to buy the other two , which I also enjoyed tremendously . I have read these books several times and enjoy them equally each time .
 I loved this book . Nora creates a world of family tensions and finding love when one least expects it.Unlike other authors who write trilogies , Nora 's do n't fall in quality . Born in Ice is wonderful , as is Born in Shame.As far as the `` voice of dissent '' below , how convenient that those who post negative reviews never post their names or e-mails . It 's very easy to throw a stone and hide , is n't it ?
 I have reread this trilogy of Ms. Roberts so many times that I have had to buy new copies . She has created such well-rounded , interesting characters , that I sometimes have to visit with them again . They feel like old friends . It is a bit embarrassing to admit , but I missed them when I went to Ireland and they were n't there . Very wonderful books about strong and interesting women and the romances that they discovered .
 Wow , FINALLY , a romance with a strong female character , and not one who is supposed to be strong just because the author uses that word to describe a character . The main character in this book is one that we can all be proud of , and say `` you go girl '' ! And for all those out there who do n't think it can be a good romance with a head strong woman , give this book a try ! Great romance , great story , one of the best I 've read .
 I just started reading Nora Roberts books ... I can sum it up in one word ... WOW ! Excellent writing ... you feel as if you are right there in her stories .
 I love Nora Roberts books especially her books about Ireland . This series is especially good because it continues through 3 books and she carries it on with close family ties and some not so close but builds those closer as they go .
 Born in Fire begins a wonderful trilogy with rich characters and descriptions of the Irish landscape . The inclusion of myths and fairies adds a great whimsical aspect to the storyline . They balance out some of the traits of the characters . Nora Roberts brings it all together beautifully .
 The first book in NR 's ` Born In ' series is wonderful ! Set in Clare County and Dublin , this novel lets readers see Irish personalities that can mirror those of a couple where one is from the `` big city '' and one is from `` small town '' USA.Maggie Concannon is a tempermental and gifted artist who cares about her sister . Gallery owner Rogan Sweeney takes an interest in Maggie 's fabulous glass creations , and soon after takes a personal interest in Maggie herself . Maggie is a wonderful character , stubborn and flawed , yet still caring . Nora does a fabulous job of developing Maggie , and does it in a way that she seems like a real person . Rogan is an extremely likeable hero . Maggie 's sister , Brianna , is her complete opposite ; quiet , sweet , and calm . The relationship between the two sisters , however , is very touching and very real . This book is full of colourful characters , some we love and some we hate . The romance between Rogan and Maggie is wonderful . Basically , I just ca n't say enough good things about this book . You will love it !
 How different sisters can be . Mother tries to destroy happiness that she lost . They all come together in this book
 I actually already read this book before I bought it . I read the entire trilogy for the first time while I was pregnant with my daughter . I bought the books backwards . I finally own the first in the Born in Trilogy by Nora Roberts . The story follows an Irish woman by the name of Margret Mary Concannon . Her past is littered with may terrible things , the most recent and tragic is when her father died in her arms . She does n't get along with her mother for reasons explained through out the story . She 's a glass artist . Her father look out a loan so she would be able to go and be trained as a glass artist . Now she makes amazing creations and a world renown gallery owner Rogan Sweeney is out to manage her carrier and make her rich . She 's smart , independent , and stubborn , which Rogan uses all of that to break down the walls she 's built around herself . Despite her unwillingness , distance , and harsh behavior , Rogan gets his wish , which starts the sparks flying between them . It 's not my favorite in the trilogy but it 's an excellent start and caught me , and got me reading the next two books that follow . If your a Nora Roberts fan and have n't read this book , I highly recommend it . It 's an amazing story . You can feel the fiery connection and creation in this story just as you can feel the coolness and duty in the next book and hot fiery passionate shame in the third book . A must read trilogy .
 Wonderful !! I could n't put this book down . What an enjoying time it was and Born in Ice and Born in Shame are equal to this first book .
 The first time I read this book I could n't put it down . Maggie was amazing , as well as her stunning partner . I could n't get my hands on the other two books fast enough and when I did , they too left me craving more . Nora Roberts is a true genius when it comes to romance . If my boyfriend sees a Roberts book , he buys it no questions asked as a treat for me . What a treat the Born in trilogy was . Keep them coming Ms. Roberts !!
 This is a great , fun loving , and touching novel . It goes straight to the heart . Nora Roberts knows what her readers like . I would recomend this book to anyone .
 One of the best romance series I 've read . All three novels were quite enjoyable . There were some predictable sections but you have a tendency to overlook this because the characters are so real and I found I cared for them . Ms. Roberts also makes Ireland so real ; you feel you are there and experiencing the country along with the characters . I strongly recommend `` Born in Ice '' and `` Born in Shame . & quot
 BOOK ONE OF A TRILOGY . THREE DAUGHTERS DIFFERENT AS CAN BE . THIS DAUGHTER MAKES GLASS ART . THE HERO WANTS A CONTRACT TO OWN ALL HER WORKS . SHE HAS A TEMPER I ADMIRE AND GUTS TO GO WITH IT . THIS BOOK WAS A TRUE DELIGHT
 I read this book in two days . I just could n't putit down . I could n't wait to get my hands in the restin the series
 Nora Roberts introduces this `` Born in ... '' trilogy with the story of Maggie Concannon , a newly discovered Irish artist . The exploration of Maggie 's relationships with her parents and sister are so true-to-life and gripping that one feels as if they really know the Concannon family . Maggie 's blossoming romance with Rogan Feeny is both humorous and touching , as Ms. Roberts explores the pair 's very different personalities - and their overwhelming attraction for each other ! A great read that left me anxious for more about Maggie and her family
 I loved it ! It was hilarious , romantic , with its mysterious twists !! I laughed out loud ! Ms. Roberts does a wonderful job of making Maggie come alive ! I bought and read the trilogy and this book was definitely the best of the three , though I very much enjoyed all of them !! I would recommend it to anyone !! I love all her books
 Maggie is an artist who creates glass sculptures . She lives in a small village in western Ireland . Rogan is a wealthy Gallery owner in Dublin . He wants to represent her work . He calls her repeatedly but she never answers her phone . He has to travel there just to be able to talk to her . After he signs her , he has to send telegraphs to her because she still does n't answer her phone . He views her as irresponsible , scatterbrained , canny , obstinate , brilliant , bad-tempered and beautiful . He 's her opposite , a business mind and manner with schedules and timetables . Maggie is constantly throwing insults at Rogan and others , but I find her insults funny . An example of her insulting style is below in Caution Spoiler . In the sequel `` Born in Shame , '' Shannon describes Maggie as suspicious by nature , hot-headed , frank to the point of rudeness , overly protective and fiercely loyal . Shannon describes Rogan as `` cultured , smooth , organized , shrewd , sophisticated and sharp enough to run an organization that was respected around the world . And , she thought grimly , he had to have a sense of humor , and the patience of Job , to live with Maggie . `` I also enjoyed the subplots concerning Rogan 's friend Patricia and his grandmother Christine.I 'm not usually moved by descriptions of place , but in this book , I was , especially on page 116 . Maggie has just finished an intense creative session for several days and is riding her bike to town for some food and a break . As the author describes the sights and scents around Maggie 's bike ride , I felt like I was experiencing a piece of art . She describes the sun , the hedges , the breeze , the scents of honeysuckle , hay and sweet mown grass , etc. . Maybe , because I was so into Maggie 's artistic activities , I continued to feel the art surrounding her bike ride . Who knows what it was , but I felt a lovely , emotional fulfillment , with that bike ride . `` Born in Fire '' is the first book in a 3 book series . It can be read alone . Books 2 and 3 are about Maggie 's sister Brianna and half-sister Shannon . Maggie has small parts in the subsequent books , but it 's not necessary to read them , although it was nice to see Maggie having a child in a later book . I gave 2 stars to `` Born in Ice '' and 3.5 stars to `` Born in Shame . `` CAUTION SPOILER : I 'm quoting a section of the book , to give readers a sense of Maggie 's insulting style . If readers enjoy it , then I think they will enjoy the book . On page 49
 I came upon this book out of curiosity and economy ... This book was in a hardcover edition with the other two titles of the Trilogy ... Well all I can say is that there should have been a warning label on the book Rated
 And the sparks fly in this book ! The first of an Irish trilogy , Nora Roberts ' first , this was one I could n't put down . The characters come alive on the pages , and Nora Roberts never has a dull character-Maggie is a glass blower in Ireland , Rogan a gallery owner . Maggie and Rogan go round and round and are vey entertaining ! Maggie dead set on never being any man 's wife and Rogan always getting what he wants . Back and forth they go , but of course , in the end , love wins ! A great read !
 A most enjoyable read ! This first book of the trilogy about feisty Maggie and elegant and so together Rogan and introducing the delightful characters of the next 2 books . Although there is plenty humour it deals with the pain of rejection of a parent and the result thereof , which continues throughout the 3 books . This gives the book a lot more depth than just a romance!Depicting well the people and life in a small village in Ireland and the beauty of the countryside . It makes one yearn to be there ! A book that has a lovely balance and I would recommend having the other two on hand as you 'll want to immediately continue reading about the very different daughters of Tom Concannon and the men in their lives ! Characters that become your friends until the last page !
 Been reading Roberts for many years -LRB- 20 plus -RRB- and this is one of her best . This is a very quick moving book with sub-stories that will tantalize the need to read the next two books -LRB- the third book is my least favorite of the series -RRB- . A definate re-read in my house.The two main characters have alot of chemistry and the herione has just that great mixture of hard and soft . Love the hero 's frustration with both the herione and his grandmother .
 This is a great book , I listened to the audio version while I was traveling and I hated to stop the car I was so engrossed in the story line . I immediatly loaded the next in the trilogy when I finished this first book .
 Fast Read ! Nora Roberts has got to be one of my Fav writers and she does n't disappoint with this one . I want to say I read the trilogy out of sequence but that did n't make a difference . I would love to see more books from her like this .
 This is the novel that hooked me as a Nora Roberts fan for life ! My sister , Jana , had suggested this author to me so I went to the local library and picked up Born in Fire . Unfortunately , I got very little sleep in the next couple of days because of it . It was impossible to put down ! But it was also the beginning of a wonderful journey - I had found a new favorite author and I was and still am determined to read all of the books she 's written . Not an easy task when many of these books are out of print and very difficult to find . Luckily for those who have not read Born in Fire , the Born In trilogy is readily available.The story follows Margaret Mary Concannon , a young woman from the small Irish village of County Claire who is a very gifted glass artisan . Maggie 's father , Tom , sent her to Venice to study glassblowing . Before she can acclaim international fame , her father dies and she must return . She sets up a studio and continues her craft , much to her mother 's chagrin.We 're shown that Maggie has continued with her talent because of the love and encouragement given by her father . The family life of the Concannons is dysfunctional at best , as the mother is unhappy and determined to make everyone around her as miserable as she . She had to give up her dreams of becoming a singer when she was a young girl and married Tom Concannon . She continues to blame her daughters for her never being able to fulfill those dreams.When the wealthy owner of an art gallery with international branches visits Maggie , she instantly brushes him off and does n't want to be bothered . He 's planning on opening a gallery in Ireland and wants to focus on local artists . This owner , Rogan , falls in love with Maggie and has to figure out a way to make her fall for him , while convincing her to let his gallery handle her glass sculptures.The best part of this book is the fantastic characters . Maggie is vibrant , full of life , driven by an inner source that the reader ultimately admires , and I personally loved the spit of temper that we periodically saw . Rogan is handsome , reserved and completely floored by Maggie and her Irish boldness . We 're given glimpses into the life of Brianna , Maggie 's sister , who is Maggie 's opposite . She 's quiet , reserved and spends her days trying to please the ever sarcastic mother . We are introduced to Murphy Muldoon , the gorgeous hunk of a neighbor that always seems to be there whenever Maggie or Brianna needs help . We often wonder why neither Concannon can see through the shy looks and see the love beneath Muldoon 's surface.Being an avid Nora Roberts fan , and having read most of her books , I have to say that Maggie Concannon is one of the strongest characters she 's created . I keep hoping that the Born In trilogy will have a follow-up book soon , like Roberts has done with several of her other successful trilogies!Born in Fire is action packed , full of emotion and definitely a book that will hook you until you 've finished it . As the beginning of a trilogy , it captures you and ensures the reading of the next book . I 'd suggest that you have Born in Ice in your possession so you can jump right into the next tale in the series . Definitely a series to be added to your Must Read list !
 If you are a lover of romances this is the book for you . Full of passion and comedy . Not only did Nora Roberts write a best seller this time , she wrote a story that will touch your heart . one that will be hard to forget . `` Born of Fire '' is a book that stole my breath . It will captivate you .
 I thought the book was well written , I could n't put it down !!! The romance , the family battles , the bond between 2 sisters , all so fasinating.To the person below who wrote that `` only American who have never lived in another country like this book ''
 I have read the entire series and have to say it is one of my favorites -LRB- but I say that about all of her books , including JD Robb -RRB- . I sometimes feel that she is rushed to complete some of her series , but this one was well thoughtout and a pure enjoyment for me to read !
 it was exciting . i imagine myself in Clare with them . it was funny but romanic ! Nora Roberts does it again with this book . A Must Read !!
 I bought this product in the shorter version which includes all 3 books . They were great which just got my interest up.Then I added each individual book unabridged version . I use audio books because of my age . This series is wonderful . My daughter and I have listened to this series many times . I LOVE all Roberts works.HR
 a wonderful trilogy . I highly recommend getting all 3 of these books to all Nora Roberts fans .
 Was terrific . I got hooked the first time , so much so I had to buy the set . Great writing . I could see everyone and everything from her descriptions .
 Excellent story , funny at times . Great Characters , excellent reader , ca n't wait to hear number two of the trilogy !
 I think Nora Roberts is at the top of her game in terms of her ability to spin a fast , fascinating and moving tale.Born in Fire is particularly fun , given the brassy heroine Maggie . She 's fiery and petulant , and I loved getting to know her . If you like a good romance , one that keeps the pages turning , you 'll love Born in Fire , and you 'll love the other two , as well -LRB- Born In Ice , Born In Shame -RRB- . There is none better than Nora . As a writer myself , I long for the ability to turn a phrase in such a becoming , simple manner as she . I would recommend her to anyone , and this book in particular.Have fun in Ireland ! I know I sure did .
 I read all three of these `` Born '' books . They were all wonderful . I am a huge Nora Roberts fan anyway and these just added to my enjoyment of her work . Do n't just read one - read them all .
 Wonderful tour of love and life in Ireland . It started me on Nora Roberts and I still have n't stopped !
 Nora Robert 's did not let me down with the wonderful character in Maggie . She is passionate , fierce and vunerable . Her love for her sister , dad and her art make this book for me . Enjoy .
 i love the book every thing about it.I have read it and the other two about 15 time i love the people I think maggie and rogan were great i would not skip a page i would like to see it in a mini seria all three book
 Nora Roberts really knows how to suck you in . This is one of my favorite sets of her books . I loved the characters , and would love to see more of them !!
 Nora does it again . Her Born in Trilogy is one of my favorite of her trilogies . In this first book you meet the characters and you see the story begin to unfold . You begin to discover which characters you love and which ones you hate . She is so good at describing her characters you feel like you actually know these people , she is wonderful . I also love how she spends one entire book focusing on one character and their world in its self . Her characters are rich in style and passion . In this first one we meet and discover Maggie and Rogan , they come from two totally different worlds and although her attitude towards Rogan is like a rollercoaster ride all the way through the book you ca n't help but admire her strength to hold on to her independants , even though in the end you know she will fall in love with him . I loved how for all that fighting for independance in the end it was pointless ... she was completely love with him .
 I was not familiar with Nora Roberts when I read this book and the companion , Born in Ice . I 've since started reading all the books my library has available . The story telling was excellent and kept me enthralled into the wee hours .
 Great book , first in the series of a trilogy . All three books are set in Ireland -- charaters are true to life and easy to identify with . The books follow the lives of three Irish Sisters near Galaway , Ireland .
 I 'd always thought this was my favorite of the trilogy , but it 's been years since I 'd read it.Maggie Concannon is an Irish glass artist -- reclusive , a bit temperamental , independent . Rogan Sweeney is a businessman , art connoisseur , and owner of a gallery . He 's been trying to sign Maggie for his gallery , but she ignores his letters and wo n't answer her phone , so he decides to visit her personally.Sparks fly , of course , between Maggie 's artistic passion and Rogan 's implacable determination.That 's the romance part of the story . Then there 's the family story . In the prologue , Maggie 's with her father as he dies . Her mother is a bitter , nasty woman , and Maggie butts heads with her constantly . Maggie 's sister Brianna , on the other hand , bends over backwards to accommodate the unsatisfiable Maeve.Which is the source of my dissatisfaction with this story . In the same way that Maeve spoiled every family gathering in the book , she also spoiled the story . I absolutely could not sympathize with her at all , and it seemed that part of the message of Born in Fire was that Maggie should try to be more understanding toward Maeve , which left me feeling vaguely as if I 'd been chastised for not being sympathetic toward her myself.Heh . Sometimes I take these things a bit too seriously.I also , when I 'd put the book down for a while , questioned Rogan 's persistence . The business persistence was fine , but the romantic persistence felt just a little squicky . That was only when I was thinking about the book , though , not while I was reading it .
 After finishing the last book in the `` Born In . . '' series I felt like I was saying goodbye to long lost friends . This rarely happens for me because I read so much , but Nora introduced me to the best of people and the best of traditions . I may not read for a couple of days and those who know me will be shocked because I am rarely seen without a book in my hand or a book on the fireplace calling my name . I feel I should mourn the loss of never again getting to read for the first time this `` Born In ... '' series . If you have never read any of Nora 's books please just pick one up . Yes as we all know there are a number of wonderful authors out in the big ole ' world of books , but there are only a few who can ever dream of being as good as Nora ! Bravo for this series !
 This book is fabulous . One of my favorites written by Nora Roberts !! This is one of those books you do n't want to put down !
 The heroine in this story is a fiery Irish lass , who has a gift of glass-making . Her life thus far has been far from happy . She has lived with a bitter mother who resents and mistreats her . Her father has tried to make up the difference , and she dearly loves him . However , witnessing the unhappy married life of her parents has put her off the idea of love and marriage herself . Until , her true love finds her . He is determined and sure and will not take no for an answer . At last she finds happiness as she has never dreamed it could be .
 I am really enjoying this book . Nora Roberts gives wonderful imagery of Ireland and great detail on the art of glass-blowing as well as a good sense of who the characters are . I 'm looking forward to reading the rest of the series .
 The Story is another good one by Nora Roberts . I bought this book in Audio Form and I did enjoy it . I just wish the Narator , Fiacre Douglas , would have spoken a little slower and taken his time . I loved his Irish Accent , but I felt that he was `` raceing '' through the book .
 This book is a part of an amazing trilogy - I HIGHLY recommend it to all Nora Roberts fans ... the Born In series is one that I keep on my shelf and wo n't loan to others ! I have read this book at least 5 times and the characters become richer with each read ... A must have !
 Rogan Sweeney is one of the most memorable heros ever . I just loved him ! He was so cool , no matter what . Just the way he punched in telephone numbers , or as in another book he was in , the way in which he handled his little boy while on their private plane , -LRB- the kid had a tendancy to draw on things -RRB- . What a guy ! He had everything , did n't he ?
 Two sisters and a nasty , bitter and unloving mother make up the setting for the beginning of an entertaining triology . Maggie is high spirited and artistic with a special talent for glass blowing . Brianna is a sweet , caring homebody who longs for her own business . Maggie is devoted to her father who believes in her , but dies early in the story leaving her to provide for Brianna and her mother . A famous art dealer discovers Maggie and introduces her to romance and success although not necessarily in that order . Born in Fire is a good read ; I 'm glad I read it first and will go on to Born in Ice and Born in Shame .
 This is a question . Has anyone read the newest reprint ? I am anxious to know if NR took out some of the foul language that was in the original .
 loved the setting of this story as much as the story itself . because of nora roberts and her books , ive grown to love stories set with the irish . to be able to read the words and hear that accent is to me truly amazing.maggie is the oldest child having been raised in a home with no family love . she is close to her father and sister , but her mother is a different person all together . because of this lack of love from her , maggie is determined to make something of herself if only to prove her mother wrong . breaking the outer shell shes developed as a form of protection wont be easy , but rogan intends to do just that.a lovely story with enough mystery to leave the reader hoping they have their copy of born in ice sitting nearby once they close the last page of this one : : smile
 I 've alawys loved Nora 's characters , and this one does n't fail me . Maggie , a glass sculptress , is full of passion and talent . She is untamed , stubborn , and has a temper , but all of her humane flaws make her all the more attractive . And Rogan , the gallery owner who falls in love with her , is a typical Nora 's guy . He pulls the best out of Maggie . It was also a pleasure to imagine how do Maggie 's glass works look like .
 As always , Nora Roberts writes with passion and flare and hermain character , Maggie , crackles with both . This book is a fine storywith extremely interesting characters throughout . The love scenes are wonderful to read & the heroine & hero are perfect for each . The other 2 books in this series are wonderful as well ...
 I had read the `` Dream '' trilogy by Nora Roberts and taught that she could never do better than that , but when I read the `` Born in '' trilogy I stood corrected . Born in Fire is the best of the trilogy . I loved Maggie 's tough exterior and also how Rogan made the exterior melt . I loved it and it has become one of my favorites .
 Feel like your right in the homes with these characters . I have read the 3 books through 3 times and have enjoyed them thoroughly . Characters are delightful .
 The first book in NR 's ` Born In ' series is wonderful , you do n't want to miss it ! `` Born In Fire '' focuses on Maggie Concannon , a tempermental and loyal woman who is also a gifted artist . Gallery owner Rogan Sweeney takes an interest in Maggie 's fabulous glass creations , and soon after takes a personal interest in Maggie herself . Maggie is a wonderful character , stubborn and flawed , yet still caring . Nora does a fabulous job of developing Maggie , and does it in a way that she seems like a real person . Rogan is an extremely likeable hero . Maggie 's sister , Brianna , is her complete opposite ; quiet , sweet , and calm . The relationship between the two sisters , however , is very touching and very real . This book is full of colourful characters , some we love and some we hate . The romance between Rogan and Maggie is wonderful . Basically , I just ca n't say enough good things about this book . You will love it !
 As a reader who most often prefers historical romance , I was skeptical when my bookseller urged me to read Born In Fire , the first of a trilogy set in modern Ireland . I have often said that I can only enter the fantasy world romance offers when the time and place is long ago and far away . Well , I was wrong , at least in terms of the time . But the place , well , Nora 's Irish setting , both in Dublin and County Clare , offered me a wonderful fantasy world , and that 's due to her phenomenal skill as the creator of characters and story-lines . Born In Fire is the story of Margaret Mary Concannon , a brilliant and tormented artist whose medium is glass . After the death of her beloved father , she is determined to live her life alone . After all , while she loves her sweet sister Brianna , she had seen no love between her parents , and her mother despises her very being.In walks Rogan Sweeney , wealthy and handsome gallery owner . He wants to make her a star . He sees in her art something he must possess , and he soon comes to see that in her as well . Like the water and hot glass that form her art , Maggie and Rogan are destined to be together , even though it 's going to take him some time and finesse to convince her.In a nice change of pace , it is not Rogan who is the tormented soul . No , that distinction belongs to Maggie , and I would n't have wanted it any other way . The manner in which the author describes her torment is heart-wrenching . The manner in which the author uses that torment to fuel Maggie 's art is beautiful . I had no trouble seeing in my mind 's eye the works of art Maggie created , and when Rogan assists Maggie on a particular piece , I felt I was in the room with them.The imagery used by Nora Roberts to describe not only the art Maggie creates but the process as well is incredibly well done , and these were the scenes that put the book over the top for me . Maggie 's creativity , Rogan 's commanding persona , along with his comforting patience made a devastating combination.The cast of secondary characters only added to the richness of the story , and there 's at least one small yet strong secondary love story for readers to savor . What especially appealed to me about Maggie 's mother was in the lack of resolution of their battles , which rang true to life - after all , not everything can be tied in a package with a neat little bow . Maggie 's sister Brianna was more difficult for me to care about and seemed too much like a doormat , but whether that 's because I was seeing her through Maggie 's eyes or because Brianna becomes stronger in the second book of the trilogy , I am not certain.I am certain that Margaret Mary and Rogan 's love was definitely born in fire , but that Rogan 's patience and skill will allow the fire not to consume them in a quick fit of passion but to burn slowly for the rest of their lives . This is one wonderful hero ! I greatly anticipate the next books in the series and can only hope that Brianna finds a man who completes her as well as Maggie did.This is the first part of Nora Robert 's `` Born in '' trilogy .1 . Born in Fire2 . Born in Ice3 . Born in Shame
 The whole series of Born In . . books together is great . Although each book can stand alone.Three sisters grow in self knowlege as they forge bonds among themselves . During this time , each woman begins to find a special man that helps her develop and grow emotionally . What a wonderful set of books.I have to say that this is one of my favorite trilogies and strongly feel that any one of these books are great reads .
 I 'd heard of Nora Roberts but had never read any of her books . This trilogy was given to me by someone at work . I 've read the first two -LRB- Born in Fire and Born in Ice -RRB- and am greatly anticipating Born in Shame . Highly recommend !!
 Great story , interesting characters , snappy dialogue , sexy scenes . Highly recommended ! Born in Ice , the second of the trilogy , is not nearly as good .
 The 2nd Nora Roberts book I ever read was `` Born In Ice '' , which I only later discovered was part of trilogy -- and the middle , at that . I enjoyed it then , but resolved to go out and read the whole trilogy . I 'm glad I did ! `` Born In Fire '' sets the whole tone for the 2 books that follow . While the relationship between temperamental glassblowing artist Maggie and upper-crust gallery owner Rogan is obviously at the forefront of this tale , the larger tale being told is that of 2 sisters and how they are coming to grips with the death of their adoring father and the reality of the long , loveless marriage he shared with their cold , bitter mother . The relationship and interplay between Maggie , her sweet-natured sister Brianna , and their shrewish mother provides some of the best dialogue in the book.Maggie is a very well-developed character , who is so flawed and yet so wonderful that she is as human to the reader as one 's own best friend might be .
 Roberts brings the culture and atmosphere of Ireland to life with her vivid descriptions of settings and the portrayal of her Irish characters in the novel . For me , however , the fierce pride and sharp tongue of Maggie , the character of focus in this novel , made her a bit difficult to identify with . I could n't relate to some of her loyalties or her refusals to compromise in many aspects of her life . However , it is easy to like Maggie , and reading about her adventures provided much pleasure and entertainment .
 I thought that this was the beginning of a wonderful trilogy . After reading this one I could n't wait to read the remaining two . I would recommend it to anyone even if they are n't Irish . It has emotion and it 's a real page turner . One of the best reads I have ever picked up and let me tell you , I could not put it down and neither will you !!
 READ SOME TIME AGO BUT BOUGHT THE TRILOGY BECAUSE OF READING THE FIRST BOOK . HARD TO GO WRONG WITH NORA ROBERTS .
 Though I read these books out of order , I thoroughly enjoyed each and everyone.The start to this wonderfully enchanting trilogy takes place in the heart of a glassblower . Perhaps one of the most interesting and creative settings I have ever seen Roberts devise.Not quite as bloody and gory as some of her murder mysteries , you 'll find that this is a true romance novel , centered around the emotions of the two main characters.And it takes place in Ireland ! I loved it !
 As the first of three sisters , this is the strongest . Ms.Roberts pushes her to the limit , and she can handle anything .
 I originally just purchased this for the next installment of Eve and Roarke and was pleasantly surprised to find myself enjoying all of the short stories . Each one of them contains some paranormal elements , yet each one is unique and fresh . I totally disagree with the editorial review given above.My only complaint is that these stories where so good , I almost wish they had been full length books . In the format and length given , it was almost impossible to fully explore the characters . In other words , the endings for two of them felt a bit rushed . This is especially true for Mary Blayney 's story . I wanted to know much more about the outcome of the initial main character and felt disappointed that it ended so quickly.And while I completely enjoyed the J.D. Robb book , my actual favorite of the four was the story by Ruth Ryan Langan `` The Passenger '' . The ending of this one , leaves you quite breathless , and wondering if you didnt just dream most of the story you just read.Of all four stories , the final one by Mary Kay McComas is the most original . While I enjoyed this one immensely also , I ca n't help feeling lost a little at the end . I know it had to end that way , but still ... In summary , these were four very satisfying quick reads by four wonderful authors .
 **** `` Haunted in Death '' by J. D. Robb.I 'm not sure how I feel about the introduction of a ghost into the series . It feels a bit like the magical healing in Ceremony in Death , but not quite as intrusive . I think how you feel about the introduction of paranormal elements into a series -LRB- or book -RRB- that 's otherwise not paranormal , depends on whether you think those things do exist in real life . I 'll buy the psychic in Visions in Death , but while I think there is something to psychic healing , I do n't think it takes the form of magically making injuries disappear . The same with ghosts -- I 'll buy a feeling , and maybe a sighting , but not the elaborate production the ghost put on here.I thought Eve 's reaction was exactly right , thought the killer 's motivation was idiotic , Roarke was his usual credulous self , and Peabody was star-struck , also as usual . *** `` Poppy 's Coin '' by Mary Blayney.Pretty standard story about a magic coin that grants the holder one wish . Hero 's a major who was at Waterloo , guardian of two young children , no way to support them until he sells his commission , which is hard to do now that the war 's mostly over . He wishes for lucrative & enjoyable employment , and the heroine , a well-off widow , hires him to be her escort . Entirely predictable , but not horrible . **** `` The Passenger '' by Ruth Ryan Langan.You could call it paranormal , I suppose , since a ghost/guardian angel brought the hero and heroine together , and there was some time distortion , but that was only on the periphery of the story about two loners/adventurers who find each other in the wilderness . *** `` Mellow Lemon Yellow '' by Mary Kay McComas.I 'm not going to call this romance because , while the heroine does get married at the end , we do n't see her falling in love . What we do see is her changing her life with the help of her childhood imaginary friend , a product of her imagination . `` Mel '' seemed to waffle between being an independent person and being only what she imagined , consciously or subconsciously . If I tried to think about it too much , it just got confusing . Pretty standard story of a woman changing her life and getting a HEA as a result .
 I love J.D. Robb/Nora Roberts and will buy any collection she is a part of . This collection presents 4 romantic stories that all have some type of supernatual touch from a ghost to magic to `` angels . '' `` Haunted in Death '' is another in the amazing `` In Death '' series in which we join Eve and Peabody at their usual homicide crime scene but this time besides the newly murdered Radcliff C. Hopkins , they find a skeleton that had been hidden behind a wall ! As the logical and down-to-earth Eve hears singing , music and other unexplained sounds , she with Roarke and Peabody 's help uncovers the decades old murder mystery along with solving her current case . As always , a great story with a lot of detail packed into so very few pages . `` Poppy 's Coin '' is Mary Blayney 's wonderful go back in time tale of two people who are determined to be independent but also have social and financial problems to solve . The magic of the coin -- or is it magic ? -- and the touching romance made this a sweet and tender story . `` The Passenger '' is a modern story of a sports celebrity and daredevil who heads to pull off one more adventure and finds himself in a very mysterious , ghostly and magical place . It is also the story of a young woman photographer who is not good at relationships and is devoted to her career for an international magazine . How they meet , fall in love and resolve their pasts , presents and futures defintely gave me some goosebumps ! `` Mellow Lemon Yellow '' is about a young woman who did all she could to please her parents but now they are both gone -- has to discover what she really wants from life and who she really is ! The `` friend '' who comes to help her , encourage her , push her and nag her gives some real comic relief to a very real story of a woman breaking out of her shell and finding all she could want and more!Highly recommended !!
 good book ... cant remember which story it was , but i felt one of them was poorly written for the quality of the authors -RRB- -RRB- . . however , overall it was a good read and good for the money obviously . and Any Eve Dallas story is a good read as far as im concerned .
 Good experience as always with Amazon orders . Recommend to anyone who wants timely courteour service .
 Absolutely love all of the stories by Nora Roberts written as J.D. Robb.I was just disappointed the story was rather short but the other short stories by the other writers did not disappoint either .
 As usually J.D. Robb -LRB- Nora Roberts -RRB- has brought us the complicated Eve Dallas with all her baggage , passion and skills , to solve a murder . The complicated relationship between her and Rourke and the realistic futuristic setting make it all intriquing and enjoyable
 `` Haunted in Death '' by JD Robb . In 2060 NYPD Police Detective Eve Dallas investigates two related homicides that happen to have occurred one hundred years apart with the prime suspect being a ghost even if the sleuth does not believe in apparitions . `` Poppy 's Coin '' by Mary Blayney . In 1817 London , David is guardian to preadolescent Poppy and her infant brother Billy . He raises them as his own with love and tenderness . Poppy gives her `` Papa '' a gold coin that legend says makes wishes come true though not quite in the way that the beneficiary expected ; just ask Papa and Lady Grace . `` The Passenger '' by Ruth Ryan Langan . The plane crash near Spirit Lake brought their lives rushing past them as each of the pair reflects on the ghosts of their past and what could have been . As athletic adventurer `` fearless '' Josh and photojournalist Grace begin to emotionally heal from more than just the crash they find more than surviving in common as they become lovers as each now knows how fragile life is . `` Mellow Lemon Yellow '' by Mary Kay McComas . Mellow Lemon Yellow has not visited Charlotte since she began to grow up and no longer needed an imaginary friend . However , Mel is there for his Charlotte when her father dies except this time he is a real person ; either that or Charlotte has totally lost it.These are four fine science fiction-fantasy tales that fans will enjoy especially the whimsical poignant `` Mellow Lemon Yellow '' . Harriet Klausner
 It was good to see Dallas have to face her supernatural side . She must have some of the sight with all her dreams and the things that happen this one couldnt be ignored .
 I read anything by J D Robb . I love her &#34; In Death &#34; series ! I have to say I would not have purchased the book had her book not been a part of it , but I have really enjoyed the other 2 stories also . So now I have 2 other authors that I will be looking for their books as well .
 A book most worthy of a great writer . A truly wonderful read . I always look forward to her new books coming out & ca n't wait to get them.I am a real true fan since i started the `` In Death '' series a few years back .
 These books have a story line that keeps one on the edge of your seat . Dallas 's mind seems to work just as the killer 's which enables her to figure out who they are and why she is able to put them in a cage .
 Wanted to read the JD Robb story and I bought the book so I could . The other stories were ok , Not something I would buy on purpose but they were enjoyable .
 -LRB- Haunted in Death by Robb , Poppy 's Coin by Mary Blayney The Passenger by Ruth Ryan Langan , Mellow Lemon Yellow by Mary Kay McComas -RRB- In this anthology of futuristic mystery stories , I enjoyed Robb 's HAUNTED IN DEATH - a brief in-between story for the Eve Dallas IN DEATH series . Eve and Roarke have to face the history of a murder site - and the ghosts that haunt it . In POPPY 'S COIN by Mary Blayney , romance blooms between two unlikely people when they are brought together by Poppy 's coin , which grants the beholder 's most wanted wish - but only if it is something that should be . THE PASSENGER brings together two people who realize how much the need each other to fulfill their lives - but only when thrown together in a magical wilderness . McComas ' story of MELLOW LEMON YELLOW is an eye-opener - not scary - for a young woman who has devoted her life to her parents , and now has to live her own life . This was definitely an interesting mix of stories - great for passing time .
 I enjoy this series by Nora Roberts , and this book kept up with her great work . I always hate when the book ends and want the story to keep going .
 I am very pleased with all aspects of this purchase ... timely delivery , price , condition of the book ... Thank you !
 Good read for lovers of Eve Dallas and Roarke with a bit of the supernatural thrown in for good measure !
 She is the best !! I can not wait for her next books .
 I automatically buy all of J.D. Robb 's books so this was a no-brainer purchase for me . Robb kickstarts this anthology with `` Haunted in Death '' , another detective story involving Lieutenant Eve Dallas and her husband Roarke . The year is 2060 and Eve is investigating the murder of Radcliff C. Hopkins III at Number Twelve , a building that that reportedly been haunted since the disappearance of Bobbie Bray 85 years ago . Bobbie 's skeleton is found near Radcliff 's body and the murder weapon , a gun -LRB- considered unusual in 2060 -RRB- , is the same for both murders . Eve is very pragmatic and does n't believe in ghosts despite the cold chill and mysterious voices she hears in Number Twelve . The ending is a bit unusual for a J.D. Robb story but I was not disappointed.In `` Poppy 's Coin '' by Mary Blayney , a young girl is told a story of a magic coin and true love occurring in 1817 . David Lindsay has returned from the war with honor but no money and two children to raise -LRB- only one of whom may be his child -RRB- . His daughter gives him a magic coin and he wishes for prosperous employment . Shortly afterwards , a wealthy widow , Lady Grace Anderson , hires him to be her escort at all the Society events as she does n't want the hassle of men courting her . The story is a sweet romance with only a tinge of the paranormal.Ruth Ryan Langan 's `` The Passenger '' explores the mystery behind Spirit Lake with its history of boats and planes disappearing and lights of unknown origin appearing . Grace Marin is a photojournalist who is at Spirit Lake to document the happenings there . Josh Cramer is an adventure junkie whose next journey is a trek through the wilderness , starting at Spirit Lake . While flying to his starting point , he notices a stowaway passenger just before his plane crashes . Grace sees the crash and rescues him . Together , they find true love while experiencing the mysteries at Spirit Lake . `` Mellow Lemon Yellow '' by Mary Kay McComas is one of the more unique stories I have read . Charlotte is the stereotypical accountant until her childhood imaginary friend , Mel , resurfaces at her father 's viewing . Mel teaches Charlotte how to break out of her monotony and find that spark within her that wants to go scuba diving , wear stylish clothes , and find true love . She finally meets Sam and it 's a sweet ending to a story about a woman 's personal growth.Overall , this was a good anthology and definitely worth reading . I 'm not sure the title fit the type of stories in the book but all four stories were very enjoyable . Definitely a recommended read !
 I purchased this book for # 26 in the In Death Series.In story number one , we have Haunted in Death . The year is 2060 and Eve is investigating the murder of Radcliff C. Hopkins III at a building that that been haunted since the disappearance of Bobbie Bray 85 years ago . Bobbie 's skeleton is found near Radcliff 's body and the murder weapon is the same for both murders . I thought the idea of this story was excellent and very unusual , however it was missing something to me . Still good but not perfect.In the second story , Poppy 's Coin a young girl is told a story of a magic coin and true love occurring in 1817 . David Lindsay comes home from war with two children to raise , only one might be his . His daughter gives him a magic coin and he wishes for employment . Soon after a wealthy widow hires him to be her escort at all the Society events . This story is nice and entertaining.In the third story , The Passenger , Grace is a photojournalist documenting strange happenings on Spirit Lake . Where boats and planes are known to disappear and strange lights appear . Josh is an adventurer , his next stop , Spirit Lake . While flying he notices a stowaway passenger just before his plane crashes . Grace sees the crash and rescues him . Another entertaining read.In the last story , Mellow Lemon Yellow , Charlotte comes face to face with her childhood imaginary friend at her fathers funeral . Mel teaches her how to live life fully . She meets Sam and it 's a nice ending to a good story.This is a good book and each story is unique and enjoyable . I just expected a different kind of paranormal from the title Bump in the Night .
 I read everything written by Nora Roberts and her pseudonym , JD Robb , and this novella , `` Haunted in Death '' goes on my shelf right along with all the others.That being said , I will likely never read the other stories in here again ; they were well-written , but mostly uninteresting , and far too different from the one story I bought the book for . Still , you ca n't get everything , and not every anthology can be an all-round winner . `` Haunted in Death '' is , in my mind , worth the cost of the book all on its own .
 Wow ! I just finished reading `` The Color Of Summer '' by the late Cuban writer Reinaldo Arenas -- and what a challenge it is for me to describe or assess this extraordinary work of fiction . It seems to be a hybrid of memoir , satire , and wild , hallucinatory magical realism . Maybe I should de-emphasize the term `` realism . '' Historical events are exaggerated or transmogrified by the author -- often with hilarious and irreverent results . The relentless pursuit of pleasure is constantly at odds with the pursuit of power . In one chapter entitled `` The Garden Of Computers '' Arenas brilliantly satirizes the bureaucracy of informants . '' ... denunciations , backstabbings , and betrayals of friendship were the nourishment the machines lived on . '' This is as brilliant as anything Dickens ever wrote about corrupt institutions . Other authors that came to mind as I read `` The Color Of Summer '' were Gabriel Garcia-Marquez , William Burroughs and , especially , Salman Rushdie . The amazing word-play in this book -LRB- in which 30 tongue twisters are interspersed -RRB- is delightful . Credit for this must surely be shared by the English translator Andrew Hurley . Sex -LRB- especially gay sex -RRB- is an obsession with most of the characters in this book-including the central tyrant Fifo -LRB- Castro -RRB- . This is not a book for the timid or prudish . However , underneath it all there is a powerful affimation of the human spirit . Arenas expresses profound sadness , frustration , and anger -- which cuts right through all the raucous humor . But , more than that , he imparts a sense of real joy through his characters ' acts of defiance and creativity . I thoroughly recommend this book . A masterpiece .
 If the famous altarpiece of Hieronymous Bosch , similarly titled the Garden of Earthly Delights , could become words , those words would probably read much like Reinaldo Arenas ' last volume . As with any fine writer -LRB- and make no bones about it , Arenas is one of the best of the Latin writers -RRB- , the act of drawing an audience into a book is part enjoyment but also part labor . Plan on working to catch all the subtle metaphors and references as well as the obvious in-your-face slapstick that flows continously from these pages.Arenas ' bifurcated feelings about his native Cuba are well know to the readers of his other novels
 Tragic yet hilarious , `` The Color of Summer '' is a bitter frolic through the lives of homosexuals in Fidel Castro 's Cuba . Opening with a stunning 50-page play , the farce continues to sing throughout the remaining pages . The ill-fated sojourns of so many characters are detailed , but always with a willingness to see the humor within the suffering of men who seek pleasure despite the risk of punishment by a tyrant and his faithful firing squads . A nice piece of political commentary aimed at the seat of Castro 's olive-green pants , `` The Color of Summer '' reveals the leaks in the dictator 's `` air-tight '' oppressive regime , leaving Castro at the center of ridicule . With wonderful character development , gleaming threads of honesty appear within the blanket of mischeivous men whose tales are told in the most amusingly crass manner .
 Amazing . Explicit . Can be hard to swallow at times . Arenas is a true reactionary artist , making you cringe at his unapologetic prose yet yern for more . I could n't put it down . The translation is quite good , especially the tongue twisters -- Cuban speech is full of sarcasim and wit I was surprised how well the english version came out . Not for the prudish .
 The translation of this work is amazing - no way would you know that this delightful queen , Arenas , did n't originally write this in wickedly idiomatic English . He had to write this story , what ? , seven times ? It was confiscated , stolen , and lost over and over . And he re-wrote it over and over , until he could escape to freedom and finally see it in print . The story is a scream of queer humor atop the most tragic background of brutal state repression . Yet , in a way that only imprisoned Cubans seem to know how to do , his pride and dignity survive .
 This is one of the most unusual and wonderful books that I have had the pleasure of reading . This book begins with a play then has many small chapters , filled with wit , humor , and all manner of unbeleivable images . Reinaldo makes no apologies for his sexual leanings , or spare the feeling of the dictator Fifo -LRB- Fidel Castro -RRB- or his brother Raul . Many people are mentiond by name , and many have mulitiple names , sometimes male , sometimes female . This book is enertaining , tittilating , and wonderful . I would reccomend this book to anyone , but not for children . There are some extremely strong sexual images . Read it , it is truely unique . Cheers Reinaldo !!
 I have finished the 8th of the `` in Death '' series . I hated to see it end because I know I will have a long wait for # 9 . `` Loyalty in Death '' will be out this November . I CA N'T WAIT . It wo n't be soon enough for me . I have really enjoyed every book of this series . If I could have given all of them a 10 * rating , I would have . Ms. Robb , you are a GREAT , GREAT writer . Thank you for the fabulous reading I have done .
 I have all the death series , I just love them , I also reread them periodically . I eagerly await each book . When I could not get this book in the stores , I signed up for the waiting list at my public library.I waited for two months , then i finally got the call to pick it up . When I started to read it is was missing some crucial pages , the ones telling about the murder of the policewoman and how eve was accused , it also repeated some pages . How disapointing . But I intend to buy the book for my collection . I read every thing by nora roberts , she is my favorite author of all time . C a n't wait for the next death book . When ?
 It was my luck to find the `` In Death '' series while surfing my beloved Amazon . I purchased all eight books and started to `` devour '' them upon receiving . My ! They are certainly delicious ! The one thing that bothers me all the time is what should Eve and Roarke look like -LRB- Jamie Lee Curtis ? and ? -RRB- I love all the characters , good guys as well as the bad guys -LRB- they are bad for some understandable reasons -RRB- . And do n't worry , I trust Trueheart will have his re-appearance in next books just as Charles Monroe did . Look forward to the `` Loyalty '' and hopefully many many more to come .
 The combonation of Love and Mystery is what makes the `` DEATH '' series so captivating . . Thanks J.D. !!! Ca n't wait for the next !!!!!!!!!
 Whether you are Nora Roberts or J.D. Robb , it does n't matter . I read the Ceremony of Death and I was n't able to put down the book until I finished it . Now I am hooked . I got all the Death books except for the Loyalty in Death . Ca n't wait for it to come out of the press .
 The only author 's I 've read that had better action , suspence , and plot development in the last year was Connelly 's ` The Poet ' and Steiger 's ` Alien Rapture . ' In fact the great character development and thrilling action reminded me of Steiger 's work and the police procedure reminded me of Connelly 's work . Highly recommended reading .
 while she solves yet another mystery . The In Death series is a delight . The eight novels and one novella allows the reader to learn about Eve and Roarke 's past and watch their characters develop in the midst of Eve 's job , standing for the dead . Whether she writes as Nora Roberts , or as JD Robb , this talented author is on my must-buy list !
 As a fan of Ms. Robb -LRB- Nora Roberts -RRB- for quite some time -- this is clearly her best Eve Dallas book yet ! The characters remain true , yet with each book we get an opportunity to know them a little better . It is just like visiting old friends . The world she has created , and the people living in it is absolutely fascinating . Really -- no one does it better . This book will take you away , and make it hard for you to concentrate on anything else until you 've plowed thru it ! Then , you will be anxiously awaiting her next effort -- just as I am !!!
 Certainly on of the best of the Eve Dallas mysteries , though not for a newcomer to the series . Characters were introduced without any detail and numerous references wee made to previous stories . What happened to the wonderfully named Troy Trueheart ? He vanished after a few chapters . I agree with other readers that the cover design is an improvement on the naked lady , of the earlier US editions , however that design is better than on the UK editions . They have a woman supposed to be Eve , wearing mini skirts and sun glasses ! At least the person who commissioned the US covers gave the impression of having read the book . Finally , whilst the picture of life in the mid twenty first century is believable does Robb really think that there would have been virtually zero inflation between now and 2059 . Prices are given either in credits -LRB- a good old sci-fi basic -RRB- or dollars , at prices and amounts that would be reasonable today !
 JD Robb 's newest book is completely jaw-dropping ! I have never been as hooked on a series as I am with these books , and each one just keeps getting better and better . I found myself moved to tears in certain parts of the book , and laughing my head off in others ! This book was a wonderful read , and I am waiting with bated breath for the next installment ... hmmm ... when will Eve have a baby ???
 as usual , a nice easy to read book with romance and adventure . Just love this series and will continue to read lots more of them
 I own the book and I have it on my kindle I will be reading this series for years to come . I love reading this series it makes me laugh out loud to myself .
 All of her books are good . I did n't know who the killer was , J.D. Robb is very good at keeping you wondering the whole time . I will definitely continue with the series : -RRB-
 These books are well written and are great for escape/fantasy/light mystery reading . They do n't take long to finish and I always enjoy them .
 story line are very entertaining and plots are intriguing , will continue to try and purchase the complete collection one book at a time . just need about 7 or 8 earlier books to keep my collection up to date
 you get to the end ... and ca n't wait to get to the next one . As always , a great read from JD Robb
 Starts off a little slow , all in all a good book . Could not find a lot of her older prints , but since I got my KindleFire now I will be able to read them all !!!
 Great J.D Robb . I have read this book more than once , I enjoy all J.D. Robb books and usually ca n't wait to read a new one . Dallas , Roarke , Peabody and the others all come alive for me .
 I love the way these books are written ! Great mystery book , funny , keeps you guessing and has a little bit of romance .
 I enjoy all of the JD Robb books . Love the characters , especially Eve and Roark . I do n't usually like things written in a futuristic time period but this author makes it seem believable .
 I 'm sure this will be a great book . Everything Nora Roberts -LRB- J.D. Robb -RRB- writes is amazing .
 On February 27 , 1999 I met J.D. Robb aka Nora Roberts at the bookstore owned by her husband Bruce . I am so glad I went because I got to get Conspiracy in Death a month early . I have already finished it and have been rereading my favorite parts again and again . I do n't know how Nora does it but each book about Eve and Roarke just gets better and better . How is that possible ? Conspiracy in Death takes away from Eve the thing Eve believes makes her the woman Roarke loves , her badge . Roarke proves to her that he loves her no matter what something we all knew but Eve is just starting to realize . Then seeing Eve fight to get her badge back and even occasionally fight with Roarke , make this book one of Nora 's best ever . I , of course , will treasure mine always since it was personally autographed by J.D. Robb herself .
 I love all of the books in this series . I read the usual one chapter included in the latest book and was really looking forward to see how Dallas would deal with Bowers . I am really disappointed that Nancy O'Brien `` let the cat out of the bag '' so to speak . I would 've rather much found out for myself .
 J. D. Robb 's thrillers are tight , gripping , and futuristic stories , all of which should merit her an official Amazon reviewer who has more wit than to spill the plotline . As a reader , who has been eagerly anticipating the next segment in the continuing saga of Eve Dallas , I found it extremely tiresome , irritating , irksome , and annoying -LRB- add all the other unmentioned synonyms -RRB- that Amazon 's reviewer , Nancy O'Brien , blabbed about what 's , no doubt , a key line in Robb 's plot . In so doing , the reviewer took a lot of the mystery out of Robb 's mystery . There is a difference between an incomplete plot summary and a review -- Miss O'Brien 's synopsis reads like a review , and her review mostly reads like a synopsis . Before she ` reviews ' her next mystery , perhaps Miss O'Brien ought to learn to distinguish between the two .
 I love all the rest of the books she has done . This one looks like it is going to be a great read . I too am glad the naked woman on the cover is gone .
 Love the new covers . They got rid of the naked woman . Thank you
 This is one of my favorite JD Robb books . The medical mystery is very intense and emotional . Enjoy
 This is one of my favorite series because it blends two of the genres I like most , fantasy / sci-fi and mystery . Nevertheless , I have found that in a couple of cases I feel that one of the books in the series is missing something . In this one the storyline was not particularly interesting to me , and I think that J.D. Robb did not progress as far as she could with the development of the different characters.Lieutenant Eve Dallas is summoned to a very unusual scene
 Conspiracy in Death . Another Winner ! Eve Dallas has to solve a series of murders . The murders are perpetrated on the homeless and prostitutes . In each murder the bodies are found missing vital internal organs . Eve 's career , and her entire self is placed in jeopardy . An irrational , bitter cop -LRB- Bowers -RRB- really hates Eve and messes up the case . This book goes further into Eve 's past and you even see a soft side to her you had n't seen before in the series . I really enjoy this series and it is truly amazing how J.D. Robb keeps these books getting better . Each one beats the last and they start out ` Naked in Death `` with a winner !
 In this latest installment of the saga of Lt. Eve Dallas , a homicide detective , is confronted by a series of baffling murders -- someone is killing the `` dregs of society , '' the homeless , prostitutes
 Just like the other seven , I hated to put the book down . J.D. Robb writes a story that grabs you at the beginning and you ca n't let go . I came across a review of Rapture in Death and Naked in Death on Amazon and decided to buy the whole series this summer . While reading one story , it was nice to know that I had more to read , but now I am at the end and I am going through withdrawal . Ca n't wait for my copy of Loyalty in Death to arrive . I love the characters of Eve Dallas and Rourke and the subcharacters -LRB- especially Peabody and Mavis -RRB- . You get so involved with them - like you know them . Great work Ms. Robb -LRB- Roberts -RRB- , I hope you have a lot more of these stories planned .
 It 's a New Year , 2059 in New York City , and it starts of with murder . Eve is called to the homicide of a homeless man , and finds his heart cut out with extremely precise surgical precision . Upon securing the scene she has a run in with a street officer , Bowers . As Bowers stirs up a firestorm of trouble for Eve , vagrants and prostitutes keep winding up dead , and missing organs . It 's Eve 's toughest battle yet . She is up against a serial killer , her job is on the line , and so is her life.This has been the BEST book of the `` In Death '' series so far . Eve equates her badge with her life , and when her badge is in jeopardy , she feels everything is taken away from her . In this book , we are allowed deep inside Eve 's mind and heart . The people she has come to care for step up and show how much they truly love her . Eve 's struggle is heart breaking . Roarke 's struggle as he watches his wife fight for everything she believes in is equally as wrenching . I was in tears for most of this book.CONSPIRACY IN DEATH is a fabulous book . Out of 5 stars , I would give it 10 ! I dare you to read this one without a box of tissues nearby.JBogue ... Specializing in paranormal romance and fiction .
 The fantastic '' ... in Death '' series continues in this latest book Conspiracy in Death . Eve Dallas has to solve a series of murders . The murders are perpetrated on the homeless and prostitutes . In each murder the bodies are found missing vital internal organs . A cop named Bowers , who has an intense and irrational hatred for Eve , further complicates the case.The book also reveals more of Eve 's past . The steamy relationship between Eve and millionaire Roarke continues to dazzle the reader with Roarke 's unending passion and love for Eve . Eve seems not able to understand why this man is so in love with her , which only adds to the readers enjoyment.If you have n't read the other books in the series do . Start with the first one , Naked and Death , and read them all , they 're all great .
 I noticed that most people love this book and this series . It seems that when there is a negative or lukewarm review , it is from someone who read this book as the first of the '' ... in Death '' series . That may be the problem . I definitely recommend reading in these books in order , to understand the backgrounds of the characters and see their continuing development.I have n't been so hooked on a series since the Honor Harrington series in Science Fiction and the 87th Precinct in Mysteries . I do agree that the futuristic aspect is minimal , just enough to justify the toys that Rourke and the villains use.Everyone is entitled to their personal opinions , but mine is this is mag , absolute frigid !!
 J.D. Robb 's `` Conspiracy in Death '' is brilliant . The writing is first rate , and the story is skilfully rendered and emotionally charged . This book absorbed me completely , right from the start , and I cried and laughed along with the characters.Lieutenant Eve Dallas of the NYPSD , the hard-boiled and emotionally troubled heroine , will win readers ' hearts with her determination and compassion . Her husband Roarke , the dashing billionaire , is every woman 's dream come true . The relationship between husband and wife has developed and grown throughout the series , and it has been an incredibly rewarding experience for me to get to know them . Eve and Roarke have an unlimited passion and tenderness for each other that will warm readers ' hearts.In this eighth instalment , a killer is hunting New York 's most helpless in the cold January of 2059 , as a sidewalk sleeper is found dead with a perfect fist-sized hole where his heart once was . Lieutenant Dallas is determined to stand for the dead , no matter who they were , and she knows that she 's looking for a killer with a cold and calculating mind and sophisticated medical training . However , a bitter and unbalanced fellow officer with a grudge is getting in Eve 's way , and is starting to cause serious trouble for her . As Eve pursues her investigation , she suddenly finds her job on the line . Now Eve is caught between a fight for her career and a fight to catch a killer and bring him to justice!This novel mixes elements of mystery , romance , science-fiction , and police procedure -LRB- among others -RRB- seamlessly . Robb has created a compelling and action-packed tale that will keep you turning pages well into the night . The characters ' triumphs and losses are palpable and the mystery is well thought out and exciting . I most definitely recommend this book , so buy it today !
 In this series , each story is as interesting as the last . Eve and Roarke 's relationship progressively develops but they still maintain their individuality which is quite humorous at times and never boring . What really made this story of conspiracy in the medical/political world of hotshots work for me is the supporting cast of characters - Roarke , Feeney , Peabody , McNabb , Louise , Mira , Mavis , Whitney , Tibble - they all work together to make Eve Dallas a believable and heartwarming heroine and achieve the effect of a fascinating supporting cast to the storyline . The mystery involved in this story is based on a shady character with superior surgical skills playing God with people 's lives , including Eve 's ! I particularly found Feeney 's father figure role interesting and would love to see that developed further in future storylines.Thank you , Nora , for the great stories ; you never seem to run out of ideas . Keep up the great work ! I am waiting for a movie -LRB- or TV series -RRB- to come out based on Eve Dallas and company .
 J.D. Robb does a wonderful job with this series . Being a woman in law enforcement I enjoy the fact that Ms.Robb is very accurate with the law enforcement aspect . I also like the way that she shows how the job does for the most part interfere alot with the personal life . Great Job Ms. Robb keep it up . I ca n't wait for the next book to come out .
 Conspiracy in Death is the eight installment in J.D. Robb 's very popular and entertaining mystery-romance In Death series . The adventures of Detective Lt. Eve Dallas of the NYPSD and her ridiculously rich and handsome , Irish billionaire husband Roarke continues to grow and this time the latest murder case to come across Eve 's desk threatens not just Eve 's life but also Eve 's spirit and will.The story starts off with winter still at its height and the body of a vagrant found with his heart missing . Even with just a cursory look at the murder , Eve realizes that the wounds and technique used to remove said heart would take surgical skills that the usual low-level criminal would not have . This gives her the necessary clue to follow which would lead her to the highest levels of the medical community . To complicate matters is the badgering and incomprehensible attitude and harrassment of a beat cop first at the scene who seem to have held a grudge against Eve 's successes both as an officer of the law and in her personal life.All these factors make Eve 's job that much harder and things really threaten her will and spirit when those culpable of the murders manipulate things behind the scenes and make her a suspect in another murder . This new situation threatens to give her reputation as a police officer a black mark and that is something Eve can not deal with . With the help of Roarke , Peabody , Feeney , McNabb and Mavis -LRB- even Summerset helps in his own particular way -RRB- , Eve soon finds a way to work through all the distractions and gets back to pursuing those whose god-complexes made them think they 're above the law.Consipracy in Death is a great addition to the In Death series . It showed Eve at her lowest and most vulnerable . For once her tough exterior is softened with situations out of her control and she must accept help from Roarke and those close to her when in the past she would never do such a thing . This story made Eve more human instead of just the superwoman , kickass cop she seem to be most of the time . A great eight book in the series and I ca n't wait for the next .
 I find the In Death series books an entertaining read . Conspiracy in Death has Eve putting together the pieces of a murder that eventually spirals out to span the globe . The twist comes when another New York City cop attempts to destroy Eve 's reputation and discredit both her and Roarke . When that cop is murdered , Eve ultimately loses her badge and weapon during an investigation that names her as the prime suspect . J.D. Robb expertly spins the plot around the existing cast of characters while adding in Officer Trueheart and IAB Detective Webster to the cast . Another great suspense read .
 Love all J. D. Robb books keep you guessing all the time . Ca n't put the book down once you read the first chapter .
 Nora Roberts is a phenomenal talent . I purchase anything she writes as soon as it is available whatever name she uses
 This is one of those rare series that just keeps getting better and better . Just when you think you could n't love Eve , Peabody or Roarke anymore you are proved wrong by the next installment . I loved every minute of this read and think it is one of my favorites so far in the series !
 JD Robb does it again !! I love that this book takes Eve back to Chicago ... the last place she remembers being with her father . We get to see her struggle with what life would be without her badge and that Roarke is by her side no matter what .
 This is an awesome book as is the whole series . JD Robb is an amazing author ! Would recommend to anyone I know .
 This series is more character - , less plot-driven than many of its kind . This eighth book felt a bit more so , not that the pace is n't driving or the story is in any way dull . It was also less gory than its predecessor , Vengeance in Death , and some of the others -LRB- not that the others are unbearable , but I did appreciate the break -RRB- . It 's tougher , emotionally , as we see Eve 's identity ripped away and she falls apart . Of course Roarke is there for her -- more wonderful than ever -- with a full complement of remedies : > -RRB- . Peabody , Feeney , and Mira lend support , with a couple of sweet cameo appearances of Mavis , and some others.I like that the series ' setting is futuristic enough to make it interesting without dominating the story . I also enjoy watching the characters and their relationships grow and develop from book to book . While each of the stories does stand alone , if you do n't read them in order , you 'll miss that pleasure , and since it 's really all about the characters , you might be disappointed in the mystery/police procedural plot as well . This book , in particular , would n't be the best place to start , that would be the first one , `` Naked in Death . ''
 This is probably my favorite `` In Death '' book , and I have read them all -LRB- expect the newest one - rereading before I read it -RRB- . Unlike some of the others , I felt she actually invested real time in thinking through her plot and developing her characters here , rather than just going off of a formula for how each character acts/thinks , as she seems to in some of the other books . Beyond that , the story was more interesting than some of her other In Death books , both the crime behind it and Eve 's personal problems in the novel.That being said , this book does suffer from many of the same problems as the others in the series ; in this particular case it 's pretty obvious early on who the killers are , and the side plot regarding Eve 's problems only partially makes up for that . Likewise , despite the fact that she does seem to put more effort in to not sticking to a formula regarding how her characters act and think , they are still a bit predictable - while this is much better than in some of the other novels , it is not entirely absent . The sex scenes , as always , are repetitive and boring - at this point I honestly skip over them.As with all of these novels , you 're not going to find highbrow literature here - these novels are strictly `` guilty pleasures '' or what I call `` throw-aways '' -LRB- although I myself have read them more than once now , but they 're my favorite guilty pleasure -RRB- . I give this one 5 stars only in relation to the rest of the series in that it minimizes some of the flaws of the series . I enjoy the mysteries and I like and identify with many of the characters , so I continue reading . If you enjoy `` easy '' mysteries and characters that you can watch grow and change over time , this series is for you . If you want something intellectually stimulating , it probably is n't . Good summer beach or vacation read , in my opinion .
 I have been into the `` in Death '' series since its inception and have enjoyed reading all the books -LRB- some more than others -RRB- . Conspiracy in Death is one of the best of the series . I felt that the last few books had been slowly backsliding , a writer too complacent in her writing , too caught up in all her other stories -LRB- under other psuedonames -RRB- . With Consppiracy in Death , we are once again put back on the path of good writing and a good story.Eve and Roarke are a dynamic couple , with a lot of support from great secondary characters . I suppose that would be my only criticism of this story , not enough time with all our `` friends '' . Though I like having the story focus on Eve and Roarke -LRB- with some very steamy scenes -RRB- we have so many secondary characters who get put on the back burner that I wish were n't . One very important part of this story is that Eve 's friends are there for her when she needs them , yet not too much time is actually spent with these characters . If you had n't read her previous stories you would be completely lost . That is why I only gave this 4 stars and not five . She also introduces a new character -LRB- a rookie cop -RRB- who I liked , but never really saw again after the first few scenes . And Peabody ... are we ever going to see her with someone -LRB- besides her current LC boyfriend -RRB- ???
 This was my first book for the `` In Death '' series . ... though I have been intimately familiar with Nora Roberts since her first Special Edition Silhouette . This book has EVERYTHING that I love about popular fiction . Danger , suspense , mystery and PASSIONATE love . To have them all in one place is spoiling . The detail fascinates . The language , slang , props ... which she creates in this `` future world '' make this a richly textured read . Of course the characters I LOVE the most . Each has its own consistent POV . I immediately went to my used book store to get the back issues . I have swallowed them as well.My absolute favorite part is the relationship between Eve and Roarke . It is up front and in-your-face . Their vulnerabilites are shown in many delicious ways . The best part , though , is the acceptance AND the acknowledgement that is not always easy to accept another ... no matter the understanding ... no matter the love.Looking forward to getting to finish them all . AND waiting desperately anxious for the next book .
 8th in the Eve Dallas and Roarke series is the best yet ! -LRB- And , I ca n't wait for the next one -- the taste at the back is n't enough . -RRB- J.D. Robb 's -LRB- aka Nora Roberts -RRB- use of current situations to reveal layers of Eve 's past are extremely well done . I want to know this woman for real !!! The pitting of Eve and her `` standing for the dead '' against the `` surgical serial killer '' is well-plotted and skillfully revealed . BUT , what keeps me coming back over and over -LRB- after reading her new adventure I always go back and savor the good parts in her previous books -RRB- is the relationship between Eve and Roarke . I now wish to give Ms. Robb the highest praise I can think of for this genre -- not since Peter O'Donnell put pen to paper and created Modesty Blaise and Willie Garvin has there been such a dynamic pairing -- AND this time we get romance !!!
 I do not know how JD Robb aka Nora Roberts does it !! The books just keep getting better and better . I could not put this down . I ca n't wait for the next installment . A better writer I have never seen .
 I counted down the days until the release of this book and I must say that I was NOT disappointed . This is the best book in the series -LRB- and that is saying a lot -RRB- !! I hated to see the book end and I am waiting anxiously for the next installment . I wish the release date had been with the `` sneak preview '' so I could mark my calendar and begin counting down the days ... AGAIN !
 NORA . . PLEASE GIVE US MORE OF EVE ANDROARKE.YOUR VIEWS OF NEW YORK IN 60 YEARS ARE BOTH BELIEVABLE AND LOGICAL.I LOVE THE FACT THAT THE RELATIONSHIPBETWEEN EVE AND ROARKE IS SO TOTALLYCOMMITTED . NONE OF THE USUAL CONFLICTAND DOUBTS DRIVING THEM TOWARD THE BRINKOF SEPARATION AND THEN BACK AGAIN . IT GETS A LITTLE LAME . THEIR LOVE FOR EACHOTHER COMPLETES THEM . ALSO EACH BOOK REVEALS A LITTLE MORE OF EVE 'S UNKNOWN PAST . ALSO HER AIDE IS A GREAT ADDITIONTO HER STORIES . THEY ARE BOTH GUTSY AND LOYAL . I CAN HARDLY WAIT FOR THE NEXT BOOK . NORA GET GOING AND KEEP UP THE GREAT WORK .
 A very enjoyable easy read . The characters and their interactions are very believable and fun to read about . However , there are still some inconsistencies and duplications . Still could not put it down .
 Agree with the prior comment on the `` synopsis '' by Amazon.com - Here 's a hint for you guys
 It is my personal opinion that this is the best of the In Death series to date . Eve begins to remember more of her past and she learns that she does n't have to have a badge to work on a muder case . Roarke was there of course and all that I need to say on that end is ; There is a god . And his name is Roarke .
 I would n't have thought it was possible , but the interaction between Eve and Roarke just keeps getting better . I actually found myself resenting those little things , like sleep and food , that took me away from the book . Now all we need in the next book is a romance for Peabody ...
 As usual good read . Eve Dallas loses her badge but is able to come back from it . I was a bit concerned with just how affected she was initially but the author does a great job of bringing her out on the other side of her identity crisis .
 I love all of jd robbs in death books ... not big on cap 's ... hope you do n't mind . . I fell in love with these books about 5 to 6 years ago . I want to be eve when i grow up bigtime ... and if i ever get the chance to meet anyone that looks like roarke or even just see someone that resembles him , i will be a happy soul !!!! The books are great i 'm in the process of collecting the series in hardback ... if you 're a sci-fi fan and like a lil ' drama , a lil ' action -LRB- sometimes alotta action -RRB- , a kick-ass chick kickin ' ass , a hot mo-fo backin up the kick-ass chick and likin ' it , as well as romance , friendships takin ' off , and just down rite funny situations , i suggest you give this series a try ... do start from the beginning tho ... Naked In Death !!!
 As ever with the Death series JD Robb rocks . All the favorites character are here and continues to draw you into their lives . You feel invested and entwined in their lives as Eve & Company continue solving crimes and making you care .
 Great read and kept you guessing until the end . I also found the medical side of this book rather interesting . It is definitely something we could encounter in our future so not only was the story amazing , but it also addresses some of the current issues we have now in a more futuristic setting . Great book!Enjoy ! - andrea
 Nora Roberts Rocks ! Lt. Eve Dallas makes the best protagonist and it 's like a ongoing series so there is always a new story !
 Generally , I love the `` in death '' series , because of Eve and Roarke . I liked this book , but I thought it was so sad when Eve was suspended from duty and had to turn her weapon and badge . But she did not give up . She is a strong woman and I love strong women , because they show real women that they can be just as strong , yet vulnerable .
 I stumbled upon the ` Death ' series by accident and have been avidly collecting them since . Like many of Nora 's readers I eagerly await each new book and keep reading till I finish it.I found this book ` Conspiracy in Death ' a wonderful read and I was impressed that Nora gave us Eve 's biggest fear - the loss of herself/badge . What I would like to see in a future book is Eve ` giving ' to Roarke . He is always there for her - I would really love to see something drastic happen to Roarke which resulted in Eve being there for him - maybe not so much as a Detective but as his wife .
 This was a good book , overral . It got a bit boring at times . But , it was a good plot . Very descriptive and interesting to read .
 Once again Eve tracks down the sadistic bad guy . Ms Robb has a superior talent . I am glad she decided to share this talent with the rest of the world . I hope she continues in this matter .
 I 'm just blown away by this entire series . It 's amazing the way J.D. Robb -LRB- aka Nora Roberts -RRB- cranks out a new novel in the series every six months and yet they remain consistently well written . This book is one of my favorites in the series.In the course of investigating a homicide , Eve 's career -- and therefore her entire sense of self -- is placed in jeopardy . Luckily , she 's got Roarke . In this book , Eve 's character becomes even more developed -LRB- you 've got to admire her tenacity and her emerging soft side -RRB- and her relationship with Roarke is strengthened . Even the secondary characters are interesting and you 're left wanting to learn more about them . Typically , Robb indulges her readers by slowly revealing glimpses into these `` minor '' characters in subsequent novels.Even if you 're not a Nora Roberts fan , you should give this series a chance . My husband would never read a novel by a romance author but I gave him `` Naked in Death '' -LRB- the first book in the series -RRB- and he 's hooked . We 're reading the books at the same time and ca n't read them quickly enough .
 Nora Roberts writing as JD Robb has again given us superb characterizations from Eve to Roarke to Somerset to Peabody -LRB- love the Shebody reference -RRB- . Her writing is so good and so natural that the terms chemi heads , sleepers , LC 's are becoming second nature . She 's created a world that seems totally believable . I almost hate to come back to earth when the book is over .
 I absolutely adore this series . Nora Roberts writing as J.D. Robb is fantastic . I believe that the author has developed the characters extremely well , and I find myself laughing at Eve or Peabody 's reactions to the situations that they face . For those who like sci-fi/horror/fantasy , try Laurell K. Hamilton 's , Anita Blake , Vampire Hunter series . Both heroines are have indomitable wills , and the books will have you laughing .
 I just finished reading this last night and I fall more in-love with the characters with each book . I wish there was a Roarke out there for each of us ! When is her next book , Loyalty in Death coming out ? I 'm already anticipating it . It would be fun to see Eve seriously contemplate motherhood and perhaps see more of her past lovers . We see a lot of Roarke 's but where are Eve 's ? It would be even more fun to see him get jealous -- perhaps just once -- as we 've seen in Eve . I just love this series . J.D.Robb has become my favorite author and I own every book in the series and ca n't wait to add more to the collection !
 My wife got me hooked on this series and I have read it beginning with the first book , Naked In Death . Some I enjoyed more that others , however , Conspiracy in Death is the best one yet ! When Eve is faced with not only a complex case of someone who is using great medical skill to kill for no apparent reason , but also with accusations of abuse from another cop , the intensity level keeps rising .
 I 've read all the `` In Death '' books published so far and I have to say that `` Conspiracy in Death '' is my favorite . I cried when Dallas lost her badge -LRB- temporarily , thank goodness . -RRB- It was so heart-breaking . Ca n't wait for `` Imitation in Death '' to be published ! The stories get better and better !! Yahoo JD Robb -LRB- aka Nora Roberts -RRB- !!
 The killer has struck deep into the very soul of the citizens of 2059 New York . The brilliant surgical removal of the victim 's heart terrorizes everyone . The police department assigns the investigation to Lieutenant Eve Dallas . Other individuals are murdered with an organ removed as if a professional medical practitioner performed the precise surgery , which is where Eve begins her inquiries.Instead of progressing towards uncovering the identity of the culprit , Eve becomes the focus of an internal investigation . In her mind , Eve feels she has done nothing except irritate some individuals with connections in high places . As she tries to save her tottering career , Eve feels strongly that ethically she must continue to work towards stopping a serial killer.J.D . Robb 's futuristic police procedural series is one of the more highly regarded by sub-genre fans . Her latest entry , CONSPIRACY IN DEATH , is one of the better tales because the awesome author provides much insight into Eve 's acrimonious past within one of the collections ' better story lines . As usual , Eve 's spouse Roarke adds much mystery , excitement , and romance to the book . However , this time , Ms. Robb uses Eve 's past as part of a subplot that brilliantly blends into a terrific tale.Harriet Klausner
 I recommend the In Death series for 1 main reason
 In this the 8th book of the In Death Series , Lt. Eve Dallas is thrown into the middle of medical world where the only rule is you never betray your own . In this book , Eve is not the primary investigator on the scene but she soon takes over for an incompetent cop who 's out for blood ... . her blood . As Eve battles to find the killer she must also fight to save her own career against another cop . Will she be able to find the killer and save her career ? Or will she find the killer ? And lose the only the thing that 's helped to define who and what she really is ? A cop .
 I agree with most of the other J.D. Robb readers-she just keeps getting better . This book is revealing more details as to what happend to Eve when she was a little girl . Since I am an animal lover I just love `` Galahad '' the big fat happy cat . Summerset still dislikes Eve , but as time passes I think he is really starting to respect her and care for her eventhough she is a cop . I do n't think Eve is cold as has been suggested by some other readers . She just has never been cared for or loved by a man before the way Roarke does . This book just like her other books in the series are a great read and I recommed this series . But I would suggest for any new reader of J.D. Robb to start reading this series with the first book . I love the way J.D. Robb continues to expand on the old characters and keeps adding new and interesting ones like officer Trueheart and Lt. Webster . PLEASE J.D. ROBB DO N'T STOP WRITING THIS SERIES - ITS WONDERFUL !
 In this 8th book in the In Death series J.D. Robb does n't disappoint her fans ! I fell right into this book as it takes place only a few weeks after the previous book . & It keeps me involved in the story line . I recommend you to give this series a try .
 Another great story from the usual characters . These books are so easy to read , interesting , fast paced and with enough wit to keep it light .
 It all begins with a harmless vagrant found one morning with his heart cut out -- surgically , with great precision and skill . When Eve finds out the vagrant not only is n't the first victim , but is one of many , she picks up the pace and soon finds herself the target of a handful of attacks . A troubled policewoman with a grudge wants Eve 's badge and will stop at nothing to have it . A powerful senator wants the case closed . A deadly military droid threatens Eve and her family . And when Eve loses her badge , her carefully held-together toughness threatens to crumble as she 's dropped into the fragmented , brutal memories of her childhood.The bad guys are smart , but there are a few things they did n't count on , however . Eve wo n't give up , badge or no badge , and Roarke 's resources give her a lot to draw on . And her replacement , Feeney , is every bit as dogged an opponent as she is , particularly with Peabody and McNab racing to help him.If you are n't as much into Eve 's personal story as you are the detective side of things , this wo n't be your favorite book of the series . If you want to see more bits and pieces of her childhood brought out , however , this is definitely the right book for that . As usual it stretches belief to have Roarke always tied up in the financials and to have some part of the case or cases be personal to Eve -LRB- in this case the uniform with a long-time grudge -RRB- , but hey , the formula works , so it 's hard to complain . The idea of a bad guy with a god complex and a fatal flaw of arrogance is a little overused , but again , it suits Roberts 's formula well and is used appropriately.As usual , I should note that these books are for adults only -LRB- explicit and highly athletic sex included -RRB- .
 Another great book . I enjoy the character `` Eve Dallas '' . The death series has kept my attentionand entertained me at the same time . I recommend it to anyone who likes a bit of the unusual .
 Another winning book in the '' ... IN DEATH '' series , this one finds Eve fighting for justice for the lower class citizens of New York.After finding a street sleeper dead in his crib , his heart surgically removed , it does n't take Eve long to figure out that there 's some type of conspiracy involved within the medical community . When the threats become personal and Eve is forced to hand over her weapon and her badge , her personal life takes a turn for the worse.This is a very emotional Eve & Roarke read , and highly recommended !
 J.D. Robb 's `` in death '' series just keeps getting better and better . From the first time we meet Eve Dallas and Roarke , we are transfixed by the way their characters seem to keep evolving from one story to the next . I also like the fact that even the secondary characters seem to have some development , and are not just re-introduced in each novel . I loved this book especially because it showed just how much being a police officer means to Eve , and how far everyone in her life will go to help her in her time of need . I know I 'm being impatient , but I really want some resolution to the burning question of Eve 's paternity , and where her mother went to . Great job on yet another book J.D. Robb !
 J.D. Robb ! One exciting writer . . this series is great and every book is better than the last one . Power , Fame , Money & the Medical Field is the pivot for this latest set of murders . So powerful is this baddie , Eve is fighting for her career as well as the lives of innocent victims . New cast members have been added , & I hope to see them in the future , as we have Peabody , McNab & Monroe . Eve & Roarke 's life together is growing & maturing , but still exciting , They still take time to romp ... . lovely steamy romps ! Such witty sparing .
 Just like the other seven , I hated to put the book down . J.D. Robb writes a story that grabs you at the beginning and you ca n't let go . I came across a review of Rapture in Death and Naked in Death on Amazon and decided to buy the whole series this summer . While reading one story , it was nice to know that I had more to read , but now I am at the end and I am going through withdrawal . Ca n't wait for my copy of Loyalty in Death to arrive . I love the characters of Eve Dallas and Rourke and the subcharacters -LRB- especially Peabody and Mavis -RRB- . You get so involved with them - like you know them . Great work Ms. Robb -LRB- Roberts -RRB- , I hope you have a lot more of these stories planned .
 NORA ROBERTS WRITING AS J.D.ROBB HAS BEEN LIKE A BLAST OF FRESH AIR FOR ME.I LOOK FORWARD TO ALL OF HER BOOKS , BUT I CAN HARDLY WAIT FOR THE `` IN DEATH '' BOOKS TO COME OUT . HIGHLY RECOMEND-YOU WOUNT BE ABLE TO PUT THEM DOWN .
 I 've been absolutely impressed with this series since it 's inception . When you become completely involved with and care about the characters you know the author has done their job . Some people have mentioned the idea of Eve having a baby . I personally feel this would really alter the feel of these books . I think it would be more in `` character '' for her and Rourke to rescue other damaged children from the horror that they grew up around . I could just hear some smart mouthed minature Eve or Rourke giving them trouble right now . Kudos Ms. Roberts - keep it up .
 Someone is killing the homeless of New York , in the year 2058 , and removing their body parts ! As Lieutenant Eve Dallas unravels the mystery behind who is killing them and why -LRB- affectionately known as the `` sidewalk sleeper murders '' -RRB- , she is forced to face an adversary who will stop at nothing , including framing her for murder , to get her thrown off the case . Torn between a love for the job , a pursuit for the truth , and fighting to keep the one thing that she REALLY loves , besides Roarke , her badge , Eve is stripped of everything , and for the first time in the series , we see Eve really vulnerable and hurting -LRB- even too sad to spare with Summerset , who we all know she has a love/hate relationship with -RRB- . With her true friends support , Eve continues her journey in discovering the truth , no matter what the consequences . And we all learn how really important her careeer and badge are.If you love the `` in death '' series , you will love this book as well . You even get an opportunity to see Dr. Mira , Feeney , McNab , Peabody , Baxter , Webster -LRB- old lover of Eve 's -RRB- , and Commander Whitney . And I finally find out how Trueheart and Dr. Louise 's characters are introduced into the `` in death '' series . -LSB- I must admit that I have not read the series in order , so finding out these things is always helpful -RSB- . I highly recommend this book .
 I was wrong . Ok , I 've admitted it . I always thought science fiction or futuristic type novels were n't my cup of tea . While reading Conspiracy in Death I realized I could n't have been more wrong - I love this futuristic series!A homeless man is murdered and the case is assigned to Eve Dallas , since it 's not a random act of violence . This man , Snooks , died when his heart was surgically removed by what appeared to be a very skilled surgeon . When Dallas digs a bit further , she discovers that this crime is connected to another committed in New York City where an aged LC -LRB- licensed companion -RRB- died as the result of her liver being removed . After even more digging , Dallas discovers a case in Chicago and one abroad that were all similar.These were not the result of black market organ sales since all of the victims were within a few months of dying . In order for Eve Dallas to find the murderer she had to figure out why these victims were chosen . The closer she got to that answer , the more nervous very influential politicians and doctors became.When she got too close to the truth , the villain had to put a stop to her investigation . The best way to get Dallas off the case was to have her suspended from the police department . This was a simple procedure since there was a conflict between the patrol officer who discovered Snook 's body and Dallas . When that patrolwoman was brutally murdered suspicion fell on Dallas . Stripped of her badge and weapon , the very items that have been the heart and sole of her during her adult life , she has to deal with not only the idea of not being a police detective , but also with trying to solve this crime having her hands tied.The main plot was interesting but the villain was predictable and no surprise . There was excellent character development and as usual J.D. Robb -LRB- AKA Nora Roberts -RRB- draws the reader into the suspense to the point of not being able to put down the book . What makes this book above average and falling into the excellent range is the fantastic subplot of Eve Dallas being stripped of her identity as a policewoman and how she must deal with the various facets of that . At times , it was more intense and more exciting that the main plot.This is definitely one to read , as all of the `` In Death '' series books have been . Start with the first book when reading because J.D. Robb always has a couple of instances where she reflects on previous happenings . Or you can start with the first book just because it 's the beginning of an excellent adventure !
 I 'm reviewing this with the benefit of hindsight . Having read many books in the series since , I look at this one as a precursor to a later book , in which cop death is a very prominent aspect of the plot.This book merely prepares Eve for what she must face later on . It seems to me that is the purpose of the IN DEATH series . To watch more than just the EVOLUTION of Eve . More , to watch her GROWTH . While she might not grow that much in this one , per se , the seeds are planeted ... and you have an EXCELLENT story to enjoy . You 're introduced to many more details about characters that are still quite young to readers.I do agree that you have to read these stories in order , however . I inadvertently picked up a story out of order , not realizing it at the time , and did n't really follow it until I 'd read the ones immediately before it . Going back , I realized that there 's a reason this is a series . It must be read in sequence or you miss something .
 j.d. robb 's newest addition to her on going `` in death '' series was fanstastic . I thought the way she is starting to show a more emotional side to eve is great . the way eve 's emotions were portrayed when she lost her badge and how she had to turn more so to roarke for support was a great progression of a character who originally just saw herself as a cop and nothing else . I ca n't wait for the next book loyalty , that 's the one thing i ca n't stand about the `` in death '' series is waiting for the next one to come out .
 Many fans of Nora Roberts may not realize that her `` Death '' series of gritty , futuristic murder mysteries is Ms. Roberts at her very best . I 've read just about all of her books , and I think that the relationship between Eve and Rourke is not only the most complex , but also the most satisfying and fun to watch . The sub-characters are also entertaining and compliment the main characters in ways that only make them all more interesting . Watching gutsy Eve grow emotionally in her personal life is both touching and inspirational . This reader ca n't wait to see what obstacles she will have to overcome in the next `` Loyalty '' book . -LRB- Ca n't be too soon . -RRB- Nora Robert 's strength as a writer has always been her characters . You believe them . You love to watch them . You wish you could meet them . In this series , it 's particularly satisfying that the murder mystery stories are compelling , realistically well written and not as easy to figure out as some books in her romance/thriller line . -LRB- Although I 've never read a Nora Roberts book I have n't enjoyed . -RRB- Thanks for another impossible-to-put-down book , and PLEASE , KEEP THIS SERIES COMING !
 Hi , I live in Bulgaria . It 's a small country in southeast Europe . Although it 's small and we do n't have a lot of money we still spend money on books . My montly allowence is about $ 20 but i do spend somewhat 1/6 of them to buy every new book of this author . There have been issued all the 13 books of this series and I 've got them all . They make me feel more optimistic about my own future . They make me believe that there 's true love ; that when someone believes in partnership and is willing to cooperate good things happen . Believe that God wants you to live better and act with love in your heart ! Marvellous things will happen !!
 Conspiracy In Death brings us back again to the world of EveDallas , and as always J. D. Robb/Nora Roberts gives a satisfyingread . But more than that , Conspiracy marks the beginning of an upwards climb in the series . In Conspiracy , followed by Loyalty In Death and Witness In Death , Robb gives the characters we know and love new depth , making us , if at all possible , love them more . In addition , Robb begins to break away from what was threatening to become a formulaic plot , that of a mentally disturbed person who kills because he or she enjoys killing . She begins to give her villains motives other than insanity , and keeps the series from becoming an endless repeat of the same plot , predictable and stale . Conspiracy , Loyalty , and Witness are new ground , and I hope the trend continues with Judgement and the next books .
 GOT VERY LUCKLY WAS ABLE TO READ THE WHOLE SERIES IN ORDER FROM NAKED IN DEATH TO CONSPIRACY IN DEATH . CAN NOT WAIT FOR THE NEXT ONE . PLACED THE NEXT ON ORDER WITH AMAZON.COM . LOVE EVE DALLAS AND THE REST OF THE CAST . WISH J.D.ROBB WOULD TELL HER FANS MORE ABOUT EVE AS A CHILD . DO OTHER FAN WANT TO KNOW MORE ABOUT EVE LIFE AS A CHILD ?
 The emotion Ms. Robb creates really is remarkable . The connections between the characters mixed with a truly awesome plot lead to a truly entertaining , and touching , read.As always , the attraction/sex between the main characters is juicy.This series is additive ! This is the third time I 've read Conspiracy and I still love it.If you have n't read the ` in Death ' series , you 're denying yourself hours of entertainment and enjoyment . Take the advice I was given , though , and read them in order so you meet the main characters as they come into play and develop into first-rate characters.Thank you Ms. Robb!Shelley Dawn , author ofSweet , Sweet JessieandDark Nights
 What can I say about this book that I have n't already said a million times before ? I 'm in the midst of re-reading the series , and I really did n't want to re-read this one . Not because it 's bad , but because it 's so emotionally intense . But I 'm a bit anal , so skipping it was n't an option . To blunt the impact , I started out reading a chapter at a time , then switching to another book for a while . That lasted until about 1/3 of the way through the book , then I could n't put it down.For those who have n't read the series , or who have n't re-read them often enough to be able to identify them from the titles , Conspiracy in Death has homicide lieutenant Eve Dallas investigating murders that involve the precise surgical removal of diseased organs . She collides with a disgruntled `` problem child '' cop who 's intent on making Eve 's life miserable . When that cop is brutally murdered , Eve 's a suspect , and as such , has to turn in her badge.Particularly on a re-read , I cringed at Eve 's every interaction with Bowers , the disgruntled cop . Eve was her usual abrasive self , made moreso by both Bowers 's complaints and the roadblocks being thrown up by the local medical community , who do n't want to believe one of their own could be responsible . But while part of me is screaming at Eve to try to defuse the situation , another part is cheering , because her actions are utterly true to her character , and she could n't behave any differently and still be the same character . She 's since -LRB- in later books -RRB- grown and changed to the point where she 'd have reacted differently , I think , but at this point in the series , it 's who she was.The loss of her badge , to someone whose entire identity has been wrapped up in it , is very well done , as are the effects of her slowly-widening circle of people she cares about and who care about her , and that 's the core of the story -- how she 's broken down , and builds herself back up with a little help from her husband Roarke and her friends . For that , I forgive the idea that a cop at a murder scene can tell at a glance that a heart or liver is missing from a body.Other memorable bits include the introductions of officer Troy Trueheart and Dr. Louise Dimatto , and Internal Affairs lieutenant Don Webster , and Eve 's reaction to discovering that Roarke had opened bank accounts for her when they married.Conspiracy in Death is the 9th story -LRB- 8th full-length book -- there was a novella just before this one -RRB- in the series , and while you could no doubt enjoy the mystery without having read the previous books , I strongly suggest reading the series in order , to get the full impact . Unlike some mystery series with static detectives , the characters in the In Death series grow and change throughout the series , and you 'll miss that by skipping around .
 I ca n't get enough of the J D Robb Death Series and this book was another good one ... I finished this one faster than I could get the next book . I read some later books and had to stop and go back and start from the beginning and its been fun following along with the development of the characters . I am glad that Susan Erickson continues the reading of the cd books .
 How do you find a murderer who takes a persons heart ? Begin by looking at their skills of removal , of course.Eve is doing her best to determine who is killing the homeless and removing their vital organs , however , it 's the skill with which they are removed that leaves her with the most questions . These people have been given anesthetic and are clamped as if this was a surgery , yet it 's done in the filthiest of places and the ` patients ' are left to die.Upon arriving to her first crime scene Eve is met with another cop who detests her . Never has she felt such malice from a fellow officer . Why ? What 's worse the officer seems out to get her and causes so much trouble that Eve 's very life - her badge - is on the line .
 This is the first book in this series that I have read . I always have been a bit reluctant because I was n't sure how I would like a mystery set in the future . I 'm glad I finally took the plunge . Eve Dallas is an excellent lead character -- a woman who does n't take any stuff from anyone . While this is the first book I have read in the series , I ca n't think of a moment when I felt I was lost because I was missing something I would have learned by reading the earlier entries . Setting the book a half century in the future also was not a problem . I was really surprised by how little technology had progressed in fifty years . There was more sex than I was expecting , but I was glad to see a book where married people still show a great passion for one another . The plot was revolves around a series of murders where street people meet their deaths when key organs are removed , despite how unhealthy those organs were . The novel revolves around the question of who would remove diseased organs and for what purpose . There is much to enjoy here , and I will try to fit earlier entries into my reading log .
 No . # 8 ~ Conspiracy ID ~ Streetwise Lt. Eve Dallas and her her Trusty Sidekick Peabody , on the streets of New york City A street sleeper is found murdered , his Diseased heart removed with Surgical precision.his death was dropped to bottom of the list.But Lt.Dallas who would stand for the dead and the living , Is Not about to let that happen.Eve has a couple of run ins when an Officer from the 162 , Officer Ellen Bauers -LRB- and partner Officer Troy Trueheart is introduced as a new character -RRB- which is what they Called a -LRB- Problem child -RRB- on the Force that has been transferred from one department to another in the 162 , Bauers tells the press all kinds of False info about Dallas , -LRB- she becomes an irritate to Eve -RRB- the people Eve is trying to Bring down Send a Droid after Bauers that kills her , Eve loses her Badge and is put on Suspension That ROCKS her foundation to the Cord . . !! Somerset insults her when she comes home and Eve apologizes to Somerset -LRB- Shocked Look -RRB- calls Roarke on house intercom becuz he 's worried about her , Dallas hides under the covers , Wo n't talk to anyone , for days ... Roarke 's is Ripped apart Seeing her this way , he Calls Dr.Mira to get her Advise what to do about Eve ... Each installment GETS Better and Better !!!! J.D.Robb BRAVO !!!!
 While working on a case of a street sleeper with a surgically removed heart , Eve finds other cases of sleepers and LC 's with similar murders . Whoever is orchestrating these murders does not want her involved and her career is placed in jeopardy . I love the character development in these stories , every book unwraps another layer of Robb 's great characters . Conspiracy In Death was a wonderful addition to the series . Ca n't wait to start the next one
 If you enjoy Nora Roberts then you will enjoy this read . However , it is part of a series and I recommend reading a few of the earlier books before this one so you will have a feel for the series . Another great addition for any fan or murder and mystery .
 A great series from J.D. Robb . Her characters are fun , entertaining , and real . I love the twists and turns . My favorite part is trying to figure out the ending before I reach the end of the book . I would highly recommend this series . I have read all but two - ca n't wait for more !!!!
 This was the toughest challenge of all for Eve , given that her very identity was at risk . I found this to be poignant and relatable as so many of us define ourselves by our careers . Must admit that this one brought me to tears . If you have found yourself to not be a big fan of Eve Dallas , the insights learned here may change your perspective . Conspiracy is one of my favorites in the series .
 I have every one of the Eve dallas series and watch for the next one ! Have even re-read the entire series . Gave the first book - Naked in Death to a friend and she has also read the whole series.Never a dull moment with Eve , Roarke and friends !
 love eve dallas ... j.d.robb does a great joy with all descriptions in this book . . easy and enjoyable read .
 This is my first Catherine Coulter contemporary that I have read , I have all of her romances . And to be perfectly honest , I would n't have read this one if she had n't e-mailed me and asked me to . I did enjoy it . The main characters were captivating and interesting . The plot was fast moving and kept you guessing `` who done it '' until it was revealed and then it was `` when will he strike for the kill '' that kept you reading till the end . I read this book in 6 hours and could n't put it down . A definate good read !
 This is my second book I have read By Ms. Coulter . The first one was `` The Edge '' -LRB- which was very good . -RRB- I look forward to picking up another one of her books very soon . `` False Presences '' reminded me of some books written by Sidney Sheldon . That is probably what I liked most about it.Elizabeth is suddenly placed in a high profile court case with the dead of her husband and then because very rich after her aquittal . She must now make it in the world of business which she knows nothing about . Her husband 's family is out to get her and ruin her . The family is run by the mother-in-law who believes Elizabeth has killed her son.There is lying and bethrayal , love and hate all the makings of a great book . What I most liked about the books was the friendship that developed with Elizabeth and her step-daughter , Catherine . Catherine started off in the book as a woman scorned and turned out to be a true friend.This books had wonderfully developed characters and constantly kept me changing my mind `` who did it . ''
 You 've read the synopsis , so I wo n't restate the story . I found this book to be fun and easy to read . It kept me guessing all along as to who the real killer was . For someone just breaking into the suspense novel genre , this was an easy way to do it.The metamorphosis of Elizabeth from a sensitive , caring artist to the hard-nosed business woman to the loving woman and friend was entertaining to watch . Some fun plot twists keep you interested and cheering for the characters . Despite their initial evil appearances , you find yourself wanting them to do well.I read the updated `` 2000 '' version and it was pretty good and mostly believable except for a few things that seemed a little unrealistic - like come on - would any of these people been without a cell phone in this day and age ? Suspend your belief just slightly and it will definitely keep you hooked .
 I really enjoyed this book . It never dragged even in the beginning , the only complaint is you find out the killer too early . I could n't put this book down .
 This only my second book of CC 's , I enjoyed the first one so much that I emailed CC to let her know . Then when I got the email from her about this book I had to get it . I loved it and was not disapointed in it all .
 This book is in true Catherine Coulter fashion . As with all of her books , this was an easy read , enjoyable !
 We read A LOT and love the FBI books . In fact have read them all and hope she keeps writing them .
 Book condition is clean and bright . Beautiful original cover showing a 50 's woman . Another entertaining Coulter mystery . 1988 edition . Wonderful first edition and first printing .
 I first met Coulter as a romance novelist and enjoyed her books very much . I have to say I very much more enjoy her thrillers .
 This is a great book . Catherine Coulter can always be counted on for a fast read .
 Catherine Coulter 's FALSE PRETENSES was her first contemporary suspense novel and it was an excellent beginning in a new genre.The plot is intricate as Elizabeth Carleton 's good life erupts in shambles . Elizabeth is a concert pianist and her husband , wealthy tycoon Timothy is murder with an icepick while she is taking a walk . No one believes her story and she is arrested for murder.A fast read that will keep you guessing until the end.Nash Black , author of WRITING AS A SMALL BUSINESS and HAINTS , both of which were finalists in the 2009 Indie Awards .
 Another Coulter great read . This book was hard to put down and an interesting read . Complex characters with a great twist.A great summer read . Enjoy !!
 The wall was falling in 1989 and this writer must have felt the tremor and rumbling . The words cry out .
 Ms. Coulter has once again given us a story that captures the imagination . Its entertaining from start to finish.Her hero and heroine are wonderful . The villian most evil and her secondary characters delightful.I could n't turn the pages fast enough . You definitely wo n't be disappointed .
 An enjoyable and fun book to read with romance , intrigue and power throughout . I 'm glad the character Elizabeth Carlton developed into a strong woman . As a reader you felt that you could identify with her and her judgements -LRB- after she got herself squared away -RRB- . Some of the plot seemed predictable but it kept me hooked .
 i have gotten about half way through and so far it has held my attention very well a nail bitter in book form
 I prefer Catherine Coulter 's modern mysteries over her historical romances . This book is full of character building and suspense.Just as I like it .
 Catherine Coulter never fails to deliver . This is a good , summer read . Romance with some intrigue . Not the best intrigue I 've ever read , but worth your time while sitting at the pool . I enjoyed it , overall.No Child Left Behind ? The True Story of a Teacher 's Quest
 Coulter always delivers and this one is no exception . I loved this book ! Great story and great characters . As usual , I could n't put it down . Coulter has such a knack for dialogue and tension . I enjoy her contemporaries , like False Pretenses , as much as her historicals .
 Catherine Coulter is my favorite author . False Pretenses is an earlier novel , and this was the second time I have read it . I 've never read a novel of Coulter 's that I did n't love . She has a special way of writing that is recognizable in each of her books . She 's the best in her genre , in my opiniion .
 I 'm a freelance writer who has a shelf full of reference books , because ... sadly ... even though this is my profession I often get caught not quite knowing why something is right or wrong . It 's a complicated language OK ! Love , love , love , love this book . As entertaining as it is informative . I 've highlighted and sticky-noted several pages . Chapter 35 actually happened to me too ... almost verbatim .
 Grammar Snobs is an entertaining read , with grammar lessons wrapped in anecdotal humor . This is not a hardcore reference guide to grammar and should not be judged as such . It is what it is - a scenic route to grammar - a gratifying and amusing trip.Those who are uptight and like to nitpick their way through the English language will probably have a hard time getting through this book ... because it will force them to crack a smile and not take themselves so seriously .
 While reading Grammar Snobs I kept wondering if it was healthy to be laughing this much at a book on grammar . I read the book in one sitting -LRB- excluding 15-minutes to walk the dog and another 5-minutes hiding from a door-to-door salesperson -RRB- and it has to be one of the most user friendly books I 've ever encountered when it comes to grammar . In addition . Casagrande may be the first author I 've encountered who does n't immediately disparage modern `` netspeak '' or attempts at countering racism and sexism in language . A great read for anyone looking to brush up on their grammar or to become better familiarized with writing .
 Casagrande writes in an accessible style , with wit wrapped in sarcasm , inside a joke . Such is the springboard and follow-through for each lesson . One of my own favorite phrases is , `` Prepositions are bad words to end sentences with . '' This was an entertaining book to read , a gift from a brother who shares an appreciation for language . I 've since bought the author 's complementary book , Mortal Syntax .
 This is a wonderful book to use to help explain some of the confusing grammar rules associated with the English language . As an ESL teacher I am continually ask the &#34; why &#34; question . &#34; Why do we speak this way ? &#34; &#34; Because &#34; is not the right answer . The book is written in such a way that it holds your interest by means of using humor . I buy copies of this book to give to new teachers as they enter the teaching profession .
 I ordered this book for my daughter . She needed it for a class . She has really enjoyed reading it . It puts those grammar snobs in a fun light .
 I bought this book because English grammar is complicated . The book took a light-hearted look at the rules and rule makers and made me feel that the rules are indeed flexible .
 This book was great ! I had to read it for my English class . I was expecting to be reading it just for an assignment , but the more I read , the more I enjoyed the book and was reading it for reading 's sake . The author really knows her stuff and is super sarcastic - something I can really relate to . After I finished the book , I decided that EVERYONE should have to read this book for some English class for school .
 However much I learn about usage , style , and grammar , details continue to baffle me . `` That '' vs. `` which , '' capitalizing after a colon , titles that begin with `` a '' or `` the , '' when to spell out a number , possessives of words ending in `` s '' . Efficiently and humorously , this book answers these questions and many more . But do n't expect an exhaustive guide . Rather , expect to spend some casual time getting better acquainted with these ideas . Like Lynne Truss 's Eats , Shoots & Leaves , you can pick this up , have fun with it , and learn a few new tricks in the process . I found some information that stuck with me , some information that hopefully will some day , and some information I already knew , which her writing made enjoyable anyway . If that sounds good , give this a try.I have two small complaints about this book . First , the `` Satan 's Vocabulary '' chapter . Casagrande 's humor and readability barely wavers for most of the book , but these last pages are tedious . Second , it took me a few chapters to pick up on Casagrande 's angle , which is something like this
 This book is hilarious , I 'm loving reading it -LRB- as I too have been a victim of a grammer snob lol -RRB- !!! It did take almost 2 weeks to arrive from seller though .
 This book is both funny and educational . I have learned so much - June Casagrande makes grammar easy to understand . The best part is that I am laughing out loud while I learn . Who would have thought learning grammar could be fun ?
 I picked up Ms. Casagrande 's book intending to skim just one chapter . An hour and a half later , I 'd learned about split infinitives , the subjunctive AND gotten a handle on how and when to use semicolons . Guess what -- it was n't the least bit painful ! The essays are short , humorous and easy to digest . It 's a great book for the grammar-shy , the grammar-reluctant , and those of us who find William Safire 's essays a tad dense . I highly recommend the book !
 For all I knew and cared about grammar , style , punctuation and syntax , Strunk and White 's `` The Elements of Style '' was all I needed to write well enough . Journalism school introduced me to the `` AP Stylebook , '' which complemented S&W ; and so I figured my usage library was complete ... enough.But for too long I 'd written grammatically acceptable sentences more out of feeling than out of confidence . I could use `` whom '' and `` who '' correctly with my only explanation for using either would be , `` It just sounded better . '' Ask me to explain arcane grammar jargon like what is a `` past participle , '' `` conjugated verb '' or `` subject and object nouns , '' I 'd be at a loss.I 'd have dismissed Cassagrande 's book as another irritating and patronizing grammar guide if not for the humorous title . On a whim I rented the audiobook , listened during my commute and immediately found her writing style approachable and engaging without getting the feeling like I was in a junior high remedial language class . She 's occasionally self-deprecating yet also confident in her knowledge and even shares tips on verbal judo with arrogant , needling grammarians.Though I still fumble to explain to a copy editor why in some sentences a hyphen was omitted or why I become hostile at the suggestion that using `` once again '' or `` whether or not '' might improve a story , I feel gratified that Cassagrande -- a columnist and recovering editor -- feels the same as I and would sooner reach for a usage book to prove a point than to argue .
 The book is informative and funny . I learned some got grammar points and enjoyed reading it . What else can I say . I wish she would write another .
 This book is really awesome . I do n't know the last time I actually wanted to sit down and read a grammar book . Surely , if you have a test to study for -- this probably is n't the book for you , but if you want to learn how to write better , this book is a great start.This book provides funny lessons that not only teaches , but makes you remember because of the humor . For instance , in the first chapter she discusses two authors that she considers as `` meanies '' . She says , `` A bug crawled up Kilpatrick 's and Safire 's behinds and died . '' While trying to teach about possesives she notes
 This book offers a humor approach to learning grammar that I appreciate . Using real life experiences and those from famous American culture makes the author 's point ever the more clear . A must read for anyone wishing to brush up , or learn the intricacies of grammar usage .
 This book is hysterical ! I -LRB- or is it me ? -RRB- and most of my friends are at a loss when it comes to correct punctuation and grammar . We know most of it but , gosh darn if it is n't sometimes way too tricky ! And we thought we were the only ones !! I personally cringe at the thought of using the words lie , lain , lay or whatever the heck it is and opt for something else.While I did pick up some useful tips , I think the way in which she handles this topic is `` right on '' for so many of us . Her information is serious and yet delivered with such humor and ease , that I actually found myself recommending this book to others . And who , except a small group of grammar snobs , EVER recommends a grammar book to a friend ??!! Lighten up and enjoy the humor !
 I listen to quite a bit of audio books when I am behind the wheel and sometimes the books can be a bit boring . Not this audio book ! Fun listen.Besides having a laugh while listening to the authors stories you 're also brushing up on your grammar skills . Learning that the rules are forever changing and that most of the time chances are you the writer or speaker are right.One of the reasons I enjoyed it is because in my head I was able to stick it to those annoying people I 've referred to as the `` grammar police '' or what the author called the `` grammar snobs '' who feel the need to correct or `` one up '' on others . I am related to a few of those and if I were inclined I would send them this book but I am sure the significance of it would go over their heads.Anyway , it is a good book where it will either reinforce what you already know/knew or teach you something you did not know in a fun way.Highly recommend !
 Hilarious and educational . I 've given this book to many people as gifts . You ca n't have enough on hand to let people `` borrow '' . I wish I could buy a million and just give them out freely in the hopes that people everywhere will improve their grammar - even if just a little !
 If people were n't routinely excoriated , sniped at , or prissily corrected because of slip-ups in grammar , there would n't be a need for a book like this . June Casagrande is to be commended for coming up with a fresh approach and finding a multitude of ways to be humorous about language rules . She aimed the book toward the masses of people who are intimidated by language geeks.I do n't think she ever intended the book to be viewed as the ` gold standard ' on the subject , and she often quotes from the accepted authorities , so that people who want to learn even more about the subject know where they can look.There definitely are better guidebooks on the topic . This book is not organized in a way that makes it easy to flip through , to find quick answers to common questions . But it has merit as a casual approach to an admittedly stiff subject . You could call it `` grammar for people who do n't suck all the air out of a room . '' What a novel idea .
 I 'm not an English major or teacher , but an engineer who occasionally writes technical and marketing literature . Although I 've always had a keen grasp of tricky English rules and exceptions , at times I still fumble with such details as `` which '' vs. `` that '' and `` three '' vs. `` 3 '' . I thought this book was hilarious and a fun way to learn the tricky rules . I usually have a very short attention span when reading any type of rule book . However , June 's short and humorous chapters made this book easy to read . Besides the definite grammar rules , the best thing I got from this book is learning that , in many cases , there are no definite rules . The major sources of English reference disagree with each other , and the rules change over time . This quickly put my mind at ease as I often thought I was going crazy when reading different writing styles . I highly recommend this book for anyone who does any kind of writing for a living .
 Frankly , I think the entire point of this book is to relax about grammar . For those who find it useless , I question whether they read through the whole book or understood that Cassagrande 's point is that grammar is a messed-up area in which none of the style guides will ever agree . Her point is n't to show you how it 's done so much as to allow people to feel a bit more confident.I found the book insightful , helpful and a very good source of entertainment . If you take it too seriously , then you 'll never get the point of it , which is to understand that grammar will always baffle even the smartest among us , and that it 's okay that it is . Cassagrande points out a few areas where the style guides and self-proclaimed language experts ca n't even agree and shows that grammar is more complex given each interpretation . That we do n't agree only proves that point .
 I made a startling discovery in the opening pages of `` Grammar Snobs are Big Meanies '' by June Casagrande . There are actually newspapers that publish grammar columns ? The thought of this fascinated me - and I wondered if all of the grammar columns were cranky or if they were actually helpful in a positive sort of way . I continued reading and was delighter at what I found.I was thrilled to see the title of this book for multiple reasons . The first and foremost is this
 Finally , a grammar book for the rest of us . Although I am an editor , I am more of a grammar geek , as June would say . Due to my profession , I fall prey to grammar snobbery all the time . Part of being an editor -LRB- the part that I pride myself on -RRB- is honoring that there are many ways to write something . So-called `` experts '' and style guides constantly contradict each other . Editing is the art and skill of maneuvering through all of the opinions , while taking the author 's style and tone into consideration , and choosing the most appropriate and effective way to communicate what the author is trying to say . It 's not just all about the `` rules . `` In Grammar Snobs , June Casagrande makes reading about grammar rules less painful -- in fact , it is downright hilarious ! My personal favorite chapter is about the `` steamy predicate nominative . '' Who knew predicate nominatives could be so sexy ? -LRB- Or that reading about them could be as sensual an experience as watching Brad Pitt laze around the house in nothing but a towel ? -RRB- Casagrande made me laugh out loud several times while I read this book . Her skill in connecting with the reader from the very beginning of the book is the hook . She also pokes fun at her colleagues -- such as Lynn Truss -- from the very beginning , which is pretty funny to read , especially for those who have read -LRB- or faked reading -RRB- Truss ' book on punctuation , Eats , Shoots & Leaves.I would most definitely recommend this grammar guide to anyone . Period . From high school English students to experienced editors to grant writers to published authors , this book is guaranteed to answer questions that plague English speakers and writers ... while making them giggle in the process .
 This book is an entertaining way to brush up on some grammar . Despite the fact that it does happen to be a book about grammar , it is written for people who may be somewhat grammatically challenged , and so it is much less intimidating for the general reader . It also happens to be very funny!It probably wo n't appeal to the `` grammar snobs '' who might read textbooks in their spare time , but for those of us who lead busy lives and care about the quality of our writing , whether it 's a memo for work or a thank you note , this book is a very enjoyable read as well as useful.I highly recommend this book to anyone who ever has to write anything , and especially to those with a sense of humor . If you are a curmudgeonly grammar snob , go buy a textbook .
 I have copyedited and proofread my way through thousands of news releases over the years . That 's how I met June . We shared a distaste for a lot of the dry , stilted prose that companies used to inform the public about their products and finances . I was content to complain about bad writing ; June went out and did something about it . She wrote a funny , thoughtful book for everyone who wants to write - not for the know-it-alls who only rouse themselves to attack the writing of others . A few of the latter are well represented among these book reviews . For the rest of us who seek an entertaining and empowering guide to freeing the writer within , I recommend this book .
 Eat your heart out , Lynne Truss . This is the book you should have written instead of your idiotic Eats , Shoots and Leaves . Congratulations to June Casagrande , she of the Big House , who authored this fine , simplified but accurate overview of the current disarrayed state of English language grammar . Buy this little gem and keep it next to the latest Chicago Manual of Style . Between them , you need not suffer grammarian fools much longer.Bernard KlemStamford CTwhineman@optonline.net
 A book for everyone ; those who wish to dress for The Gimp in Pulp Fiction when they parse their irregulars should look elsewhere . To the back of this book , anyway , where tomes of terrific reference books , which are remarked on in the text , are listed for extra homework and/or clarifications . Casagrande 's smart-person 's guide to grammar and how we really use it in speech and writing is self-satirizing and sassy . it 's also brilliantly funny . File this book under best loved and most used , it 's no overwrought cementblock of time-encrusted dos and do n'ts . The fact is that most copy needs fixing and gentle prodding -- here 's where casagrande 's book might inspire such efforts , working in that crucible where the sheer joy of personal accomplishment comes hard against the fear of loathing by one 's peers . Is n't that what inspires/terrifies all of us ? It 's writing she is addressing , not how to write thank you notes to the Junior League.Should editors expect writers to wade through grammarian backwaters for their personal edification ? No . That 's the editor 's job , and Casagrande includes excellent sources for more info -LRB- none better than Don Basse , a veritable avatar of an editor , with whom i also have been lucky enough to work -RRB- . So you 've got a host of other refs to turn to for too much information.Casagrande loves writing and she 's successful professionally to boot ; she 's been there , done that -LRB- writing and thank you notes , thrill of agony , joy of defeat -RRB- , so if you do n't have the privilege of working alongside Basse , you need this next-best friend to battle your -LRB- and your copywriters ' -RRB- everyday word demons . Save The Gimp 's fetishwear for after work .
 While this is not the best of JAK 's Harmony books -- the flower-named novels in the beginning were more intriguing , with their psi energy battles -- it is nevertheless a worthy addition to her earlier work . I find Harmony to be an absolutely fascinating place -LRB- and I particularly liked Rose , the guard dust bunny -RRB- and only wish that JAK would produce books in this series more frequently.As usual , the characters and plotting are excellent , and I hope JAK returns to Harmony very soon .
 Jayne Castle always comes through . When I see her name , the book is mine !
 I 've been writing para/rom for years and this was the first one I 've actually read ! lol@me Well , I do n't think I could have chosen better . The characters were believable , the scenes rich and the dust bunny adorable . The ending was a little weak , but the rest of the book was enough fun that I overlooked this shortcoming .
 Botany professor Elly St. Clair fell in love with Aurora Springs Guild Chief Cooper Boone and thought he reciprocated when he proposed marriage . She accepted , but now knows that he does not as her father and Cooper arranged for a Guild Covenant Marriage between them as expected of the two most powerful local members . The psychic duel she heard rumors of between Cooper and Palmer Frazier over her adds to her reasoning to end their engagement and move to Cadence City , an hour and a half away , to start over.Six months later , Elly searches for a lost friend private investigator Bertha Newell , who disappeared somewhere in the catacombs beneath the city . Cooper is in town for the first time since she returned his ring to him so Elly asks him to help find her pal , which he agrees to do . As they confront legends , ghosts , and drug dealers in their quest to rescue Bertha , his plan to win her back continues to fail because he fails to recognize that he never lost her.Writing as Jayne Castle , Jayne Ann Krentz takes her readers back to Harmony , a fascinating world where the supernatural is the norm . The fascinating story line is made even more enchanting by the lead couple whose dysfunctional relationship enables the audience to understand guild politics . The investigation is fun to follow as the heroes battle the paranormal , the normal , and each other in a quest to rescue Bertha.Harriet Klausner
 Jayne Castle returns to her fascinating and highly entertaining Harmony series with GHOST HUNTER.Elly St. Clair called off the marriage to Aurora Springs Guild boss , Cooper Boone , six months ago after she learned he had fought a ghost hunter duel with her ex-boyfriend , Palmer Frazier - and not over Elly as she secretly hoped but rather over Guild business . Elly was tired of being sheltered by her Guild family and moved to Cadence where she now has her own herbal shop.However , Cooper is back to claim Elly for his bride . He has carefully planned his strategy but he forgot one thing - the personality of Elly herself . Now , he must first help her locate her missing friend and ruin rat , Bertha Newell , who has disappeared in the mysterious catacombs that are under the city . Bertha has stumbled onto an underground drug lab as well as a blue ghost freak . Unfortunately , blue ghosts are a thing of legend and very few ghost hunters have the power to de-rez them ; Cooper is one of these few . Cooper and Elly will have to reveal all of their secrets to one another and learn the value of communication if they hope to stop both the blue ghost freak as well as the drug manufacturing.Jayne Castle shows once again why she is a master of this genre . The richly developed and multilayered world of Harmony is easily explained to first-time readers without boring those of us very familiar with it . Rose , the jewel-loving dust bunny , is a great sidekick for Elly and her penchant for sensing trouble keeps Elly out of more than one dangerous situation.Authors frequently struggle with creating believable futuristic worlds but Jayne Castle appears to do so effortlessly . Highly unbelievable concepts become real in her hands and it is only after the reader surfaces from the final page that reality sets in and reminds the reader that Harmony is unfortunately not real . Both Cooper and Elly are strong characters , each with a good sense of self and it is perhaps this sense of realism and common sense that anchors the story . In addition , as Castle points out in her introduction , certain things never change despite the environment . A story about a workaholic who learns to put love first is a story that resonates with everyone regardless of the locale.GHOST HUNTER is not a novel to be picked up just before bedtime as you are guaranteed to remain sleepless until its conclusion . Jayne Castle captivates the reader 's attention immediately and the intrigue in GHOST HUNTER keeps the reader enthralled.COURTESY OF CK2S KWIPS AND KRITIQUES
 JAK has been on my pre-order list for two decades - Jayne Ann Krentz , Amanda Quick and her Jayne Castle paranormals . However , I think JAK 's best writing of the last decade has been her Castle books . Amaryllis , Zinnia and Orchid , were sexy , funny and dead on target . The type of books that stays in my mind ten years later . After Dark and After Glow are tied to Ghost Hunter , and just JAK as her very best . Okay , it 's `` formula '' . JAK has set patterns and she gravitates toward that , but it 's a formula I adore . I simply love her males . They are properly male , bossy , arrogant , love to control everything including the woman in their lives . Naturally , you have the female who wants to be loved for herself , not her family connections.Elly St. Clair is engaged to the Guild Boss of Aurora Spring , Cooper Boone . Her father and brothers were always involved in the Guild , so naturally they were please when Elly became engaged to Cooper . Getting bridal jitters , she wants Cooper to declare his love and passion , not how suitable they are for marriage . When Cooper does n't give her the reassurance she needs , fearing he wants her for her connections not love , she breaks off the engagement and moves to Cadence . In the six months past , she 'd hope Cooper would come after her , like a dashing knight on a charger . Cooper thinks to give Elly time and she would come back . Boy was he mistaken . She 's opened a plant shop and enjoys her life in Cadence.When Elly contacts Cooper and asks him to help her , he believes she wants to reconcile . That is at the very back of her mind , but her current concern is her friend Bertha is missing down in the alien catacombs , and she needs a Ghost Hunter to save her . Cooper is delighted to get the call . Only , once again , he is combining business and romance as he rides to Elly 's rescue of Bertha . There is someone , a Guild hunter , summoning legendary Blue Ghosts in connection to the manufacturing of illegal drugs . Cooper is out to put a stop to the drugs , take down the Ghost Hunter who handles Blue Ghosts , and win his ladylove.Cooper stole my heart . Elly was properly feisty . Their chemistry sparkles.Highly recommended along with Amaryllis , Zinnia , Orchid , After Dark and After Glow . It 's JAK at the top of her game .
 `` Ghost Hunter '' is a return to the planet Harmony where two main psi talents , ghost hunters and tanglers , have developed since the `` curtain '' closed over 200 years ago.Elly St. Clair , a botany instructor at an Aurora Springs college , has heard gossip that her fiancee , Aurora Springs Guild boss Cooper Boone , has fought a ghost hunter duel with her ex-boyfriend . Such duels are discouraged due to the very real danger of fatalities . Elly barges into Cooper 's office to see him and finds him with her dad who is also a powerful ghost hunter . Since Cooper has been very cool and controlled during their two-month plus courtship , Elly is excited thinking he may have fought a duel over her and thus loves her . However , Cooper and her dad inform her that it was `` Guild business . '' Elly decides she just ca n't marry a man who does n't love her and breaks the engagement and leaves right away for Cadence City.Six months later , Elly hears from her mother that Cooper Boone is coming to Cadence . Elly has a friend who has gone missing in the Ruins that she is worried about . She contacts Cooper , meets him and asks his help finding her friend . Since this suits Cooper 's own agenda he agrees . They find her friend injured but alive but first Cooper is forced to de-rez a very rare type of ghost!The details in this story and twists and turns in the plot were alot of fun as was meeting Elly 's dust bunny , Rose . I also enjoyed meeting back up with Lydia and Emmett London . I hope JAK plans to write more stories from Harmony!If you enjoy any of the Jayne Castle books on Lost Colony worlds , you
 For those of you who have n't had the pleasure of reading Castle 's other books - Orchid , After Glow , ect . - Harmony is a planet colonized by Earthlings when a curtain , or worm hole , opened up between the planets . Everything was great until that curtain suddenly closed and the settlers had to learn how to survive all over again . Two hundred years later , most of the citizens have developed certain psychic powers . Most of these abilities center around the ruins of settlements abandoned by an earlier culture on the planet that died out . Now they spend a large amount of time in these underground catacombs and ghost hunters use their abilities at defusing large masses of energy to keep archeologists and others safe.Cooper Boone is the head of one of the major ghost hunters guilds . The love of his life , Elly St. Clair , has made it clear though that she has finally had enough of him and the guild . It seems his plan not to come on to strong has backfired and Elly feels he is n't actually interested in her but in the stature she can give him as future firstv lady of the guild . So she ends their engagement and high tails it out of town to the big city for her first shot at independance.Cooper gives her six months before finally chasing after her . Both of them are still in love but each wants to play it cool and make the other one confess their feelings . Elly uses the disapearances of a friend down in the catacombs as a way to hook back up with Cooper . But as he helps her , Cooper finds something fishy is going on in the big city . He 'll stay to investigate and to win Elly back . And maybe it 's finally time to unleash a few secrets about the rare abilities that both of them possess.With a baddy running around to foil them , a starlight hogging cop on their tales , a few past characters from Castle 's series popping into help , and an adorably disarming pet dustbunny set to gaurding them the couple may have their hands full . But when is there a better time to fall in love again than when you are on a adventure ?
 I 'm not much into the romance reading except when it is coupled with fantasy . If I would have known that Jayne Castle is also Jane Krentz , I probably would not have bothered even picking up this book . Yet , I did give it a try and was really surprised on how much I enjoyed it . I found the beginning slow , because I had no idea what they were talking about . The language was obscured to me , probably because I have not read any of the Harmony books before . Basically , from what I understand this is a new world cut off from the old one and only just making it to a parallel with the 21st century . The world needs these ghost hunters to get to the stones that allows everything to run . The people have developed these unique talents just by being exposed to the planet over generations -- I guess in a sense they adapted to their environment.This book contains action , romance , suspense , and drama . I liked it alot . I thought the characters were well thought out and planned and really quite endearing . I especially liked the herione and the dust bunny . I 've already looked into reading more of the Harmony series . Happy reading !
 It 's been a while since I 've read Jayne Castle 's Harmony series and this is a welcome addition to the lot . The book reads like JC started it just when she finished the last Harmony book . Amazing really . So if your a fan who has read this author under her many pen names this will take you back to an earlier time . If this is new to you it is a fast , eventful read and worth picking up .
 Elly St. Clair decides that her engagement to former librarian now head of the guild , Cooper Boone , is built on delusion and leaves for the big city of Cadence . Six months later Cooper arrives in the city determined to woo Elly . First the couple must solve the mystery of a new and deadly illicit drug on the streets . There are twists and turns to the plot that will keep the reader glued to the page . Elly and Cooper have a few surprises that are add to the story line . Grab a copy of the book , a glass of ice tea , and go out to the porch swing to while away an afternoon .
 I call this the `` dust-bunny '' series - third book after After Dark and After Glow - this paranormal romance features Elly St. Clair , former fianc&eacute; of Cooper Boone . Elly and Cooper live in Harmony , a planet of colonized humans who have developed psi abilities . Cooper is in charge of the guild of ghost hunters in Aurora Springs , and therefore suspect to many people , including Elly . But Elly must swallow her pride and ask for Cooper 's help in going into the catacombs to find her friend , a ruin rat . Cooper just happens to be in town , unbeknownst to Elly , and their partnership begins to bring the romance back into their lives - along with murderers and smugglers . The dust bunnies ARE the story , IMO . Great stories , lots of humor , and a great read .
 While I usually love the quirky heroines in JAK 's novels , I have to agree with another reviewer that Elly acted like a spoiled brat at the beginning of the book and I too did n't like that she dumped orange juice on the hero . She did n't seem like JAK 's usual heroines . Unlike the other reviewer however , I did think she improved as the book went along.I loved Cooper Boone . He was enigmatic and sexy , as are most of her heroes , but he had more funny lines than others I 've read . That set him apart for me . I especially loved his relationship with Rose.Rose was the true star of this story . She was even better than Fuzz . I loved how she kept taking Elly 's bracelets and wearing them like a collar . That dust bunny had definite personality.Some people have commented that JAK 's books are formulaic . I say if it ai n't broke , do n't fix it . It 's a formula that works for her .
 I LOVE Jayne Castle -LRB- Amanda Quick and Jayne Ann Krentz -RRB- !!! And a few years ago when I learned she had written a paranormal I was thrilled . Her stories are always a fun escape from reality -- especially if they are futuristic . This one was was no exception . I truly enjoyed it .
 I love Jane Castle 's gost hunter series and this is another hit . I love the sifi romance quality and the fun in her books .
 Ms. Castle has done it again . I always enjoy reading her books . Full of action , love story and humor . More please .
 Another great book ! I love reading the ghost hunter stories . They take me to a whole nother world . A very fast read and enjoyable .
 This is one of the best books I 've read in a long time . Got ta love Dust Bunnies . Jayne did it again.The book was shipped safe and fast .
 Jumping once again into this fantastic world of Ghost Hunter 's and dust bunnies I was not disappointed.The action was plentiful and the romance steamy , the perfect blend for a fantastic paranormal read.Cooper has to be my favorite Ghost Hunter of all time . At first he seems like the strong silent type , but I soon realized that he had a mischievous streak a mile wild . I really liked Cooper and think he is a great match for Elly.Elly is tired of Ghost Hunter 's and their barbaric ways , but she soon finds that not all Ghost Hunter 's are as they seem . Elly is very stubborn , opinionated , and very kind making her the perfect match for Cooper . I really liked Elly as a character and felt she had a very interesting and fun personality making reading about her all the more enjoyable .
 A more engaging novel than the two previous in the Harmony series , Ghost Hunter is the tale of Cooper Boone , ghost hunter guild boss of the Cadence suburb of Aurora Springs , and Elly St. Clair , daughter of a guild boss with a new psi talent , the ability to resonate with plants . Cooper and Elly are on the trail of some drug dealers and a ` blue freak , ' a hunter who can make and manipulate blue ghost energy , something previously unheard of.Because of the nuances of these two rare psi talents , I found this story to be more interesting . Castle is a master of creating a world and then building up on it . Her paranormal romances resonate with exciting twists . Really , it 's like reading three genres at once
 I really enjoy Jayne Castle 's Harmony books . She ca n't write them fast enough for me .
 This was my first Harmony book and I realize I started close to the middle of the series , but I never felt lost . I love sci-fi romance , but I tend to prefer the lighter fare , so this was an absolute pleasure to read . The sci-fi lingo in this book takes some getting used to , but the story is cute and entertaining . Smart and independent heroine , strong but loving hero . Great love scenes , innovative concepts , and fun world building . I 'm a geek for botany and herbal remedies , so I appreciated that aspect of this story . And I really want my own pet Dust Bunny ! I highly recommend the audio versions of this book as well , as the narrator is absolutely fantastic . I 've bought the first few books in the series and I plan to catch up very soon . Fun , light read .
 Loved it ! Elements of Physchichal powers , future setting -LRB- fantasy -RRB- , murder , and romance ! Great combination !
 Albeit this book is a paranormal story is not eerie or spooky at any time . The love story is different from other books because it starts backwards - they 're going to marry and Elly decides to jilt Cooper . This is written in the third page of the book.In the other hand you 'll read about a futuristic planet far far away .
 People unfamilar with Jayne Castle 's Lost Space Colony stories might now realize this is n't the usual kind of human residue type of ghosts but an force natural to another planet -LRB- very dangerous -RRB- that can be manipulated or controlled by people with the proper psi talents . I believe this is maybe her fifth science-fictional romance based on this world . I have been reading her books for years and really love these Lost Colony ones . I am very amused by the native creatures known as `` dust bunnies '' .
 Elly St. Clair and Cooper Boone are engaged-until Elly finds out that Cooper has fought a duel over her . It 's not the dueling she minds so much , as the reason for it-control of the Aurora Springs Guild . Elly had hoped Cooper was at last showing a bit of passion toward her . Instead he was only concerned with his rival 's attempt to worm his way into Guild leadership by marrying Elly , whose father sits on the Guild council.And Elly naturally suspects Cooper of the same motive-especially since he has always wanted to head the Guild . So she breaks off their engagement and moves to the big city-Cadence City-where she starts her own business . But Cooper has no intention of letting her go.Taking us into the world of Harmony , a planet settled by earth 's descendants , who have begun to develop psi powers after a few centuries there , Jayne Castle , AKA Jayne Ann Krentz , AKA Amanda Quick pens yet another winner for the reader to enjoy.Mix action , suspense , drama , hot romance and plop it down into the middle of Castle 's lush and intriguing world , and you have the author 's usual ca n't - put-it-down - ` til-the-last-page success . Castle 's imagination has carried us through many incredible and riveting yarns , and it does n't fail us here as she skillfully draws us into Elly and Cooper 's hunt for a psi killer who is peddling an extremely dangerous new drug.I enjoyed this book as I always enjoy Castle 's work
 This was another great installment in this series - I wish she would write more of these
 I like Jayne Castle and her si-fi books . The audio book format is great , I listen when I go to bed . I often have to replay a cd , but I eventualy get through it .
 Jayne Ann Krentz has been one of my favorite authors for nearly two decades . Sheesh , my time flies when you 're having fun . I love her earlier books best - Family Man , Wildest Heart , Absolutely Positively . I think it 's with her Harmony books that she really it at Jayne Anne at her very best.Need I say more ? Highly recommended .
 On the planet of Harmony , Elly St. Clair breaks her engagement when she thinks Cooper Boone , the Aurora Springs Guild boss , wants to marry her because of her family 's standing in the ghost hunter guild . She moves to Cadence to start a life away from her guild family , who all have psi abilities except for her . She does have a strange affinity with plants , but her mother warned her when she was an adolescent not to mention it.In her herb shop in Cadence , Elly surrounds herself with caring neighbors . When one of them , a tough ruin rat , disappears , Cooper appears in the city in time to help Elly find her . The rescue raises more questions-dangerous questions . Some of the answers are in the catacombs beneath the surface of Cadence . Elly finds out she and Cooper are both more than they seem on the surface too.The theme of GHOST HUNTER is discovery , giving the reader a fun journey from beginning to The End . Jayne Castle , aka Jayne Ann Krentz , always writes solid , fast reading books with likeable heroines and alpha heroes with a touch of beta . My one complaint is the info dumps to explain the world , but although they slowed the story , they were n't long enough to stop it . If you like your JAK with a dash of paranormal , GHOST HUNTER is the book for you .
 My attention was completely focused on this book . I just wanted the world to go away so that I could enjoy it uninterupted . It did n't quite happen like that but I never left the book for longer than I had to . That is a ringing endorsement of how much I was enjoying this story . GHOST HUNTER had it all ; excitement , mystery , romance , and two lead characters that I really liked.Elly was considered the unusual one in her family . Her parents and brothers had powers which she did not posess and so she was always treated as the delicate one . A future in botany was just fine with her , she loved that field of science and was content with her teaching role . What she was n't content with was the seeming indifference Cooper Boone had to her and their upcoming marriage . He was not interested in a Marriage of Convenience but wanted to go directly to a Covenant Marriage . How could she commit to being his wife when he so obviously put being the Guild Boss ahead of her ? Like any red blooded woman she broke the engagement , quit her job , and moved to the big city . Life began to change for her immediately and she learned a lot about herself.Cooper Boone had wanted to be a Guild Boss since the age of nine . He was a man who planned every move in his life . His only problem was that he did not remember to include Elly 's possible reactions to his well laid plans . He was stunned to have her return his ring . He decided to give her six months to get tired of big city life and then he would tell her he had never considered their engagement at an end , the marriage had just been postponed . Imagine his surprise when he arrived in Cadence City to find Elly with a new haircut , sexy new clothes and a thriving herbal shop.Jayne Castle has written the third novel featuring Cadence City and ghost hunters with her usual style and high quality . It contained a wonderful romance and a good suspense/mystery plot which was not quite as exciting and absorbing as the plots of AFTER DARK and AFTER GLOW , at least for me . But the fantasy world which she has created is so interesting and the interaction between Elly and Cooper was such a delight for me to read that I am willing to accept whatever her creative imagination has to offer . I would love to meet this woman , she has incredible storytelling abilities .
 I really liked this story , I ca n't wait to read the rest of the series .
 I love Jayne Castle/Ann Krentz 's futuristic world and this was no exception . Very fun and the play between characters is something I really enjoy . I do wish she would do more of her flower series -LRB- i.e. Amaryllis , Zinnia , Orchid -RRB-
 I was at first very hesitant to buy Ghost Hunter . For the last couple of years it seems to me that J.A.K. has been hit and miss . But , I broke down and bought the book since I loved the previous Jayne Castle books . I ended up enjoying the book emensely and did n't regret buying it . While it 's not her best book it was good .
 I loved this book . I 'm a great fan of Jayne Anne Krantz and Amanda Quick , so I decided to try one of Ms. Krantz 's science fiction novels . It was love at first read ! She does a masterful job of creating the world of Harmony . From its ancient and eerie alien city built of acid green quartz to the lovable dust bunnies , it was completely believable . Ghost Hunter was my first Jayne Castle book but is certainly wo n't be my last . If you enjoy romance with a science fiction twist , or love Ms. Krantz 's other work , add this one to your TBR pile . I guarantee you wo n't be disappointed .
 I was thrilled to have a new `` Harmony '' title to read , and enjoyed the book . However , I was disappointed that there was so little expansion of the description of the planet and it 's unusual lifestyle , especially of the catacombs . It seemed awfully and ordinarily Earth-like at times . Surely , when the jungle was discovered , there was a great opportunity for more graphic exposition in the style of her description of the `` burial rooms '' in an earlier title . I was relieved that the characters had more animation and purpose , and that the plot was more viable than the recent titles under the Amanda Quick name.All in all this was a good read , but not absolutely great .
 jayne ann krentz at her best . A late purchase of an early book but well worth the effort . a great read
 Well Done ! Good story , well put together , follows nicely . I hope that she will stay with the story lines more .
 If came more quickly than was expected -LRB- based on the estimate -RRB- . The cardboard case is tight but once you get the discs out , it works well . It was one of my favorite books and now I can read it in the car .
 i 've really gotten into these books and think they are really well written . this one is no exception . i 've always liked this autnhor.the imagination alone is awesome .
 James Hollis is an excellent writer , and offers information in a way that addresses both the cerebral and the heart . I felt myself responding to his anecdotes and presentation of case studies in a similar way while I was reading Jung 's biography , `` Memories , Dreams , Reflections '' . The book addresses those who feel a growing loss of control in their life , those who have realized all their dreams but still find something amiss , and those who in looking at their current life realize it 's nothing like what they felt it should be.We should be aware of our own intuition , sense , and wisdom , yet as Hollis points out , this often is not the case . That what we believe are our personal reactions and motivators are in fact heavily laid by our parents , church , society , etc. . We all of course are influenced by our upbringing , but often we adopt and internalize these influences in ways that disrupts or prohibits our own self from developing.I traveled for 3 years around the world , and when I returned to the US , I could n't function . This book helped me understand why . I could n't return to my old life or my old relationships . It was n't so much that I had changed , but rather I was trying to reenter a life that was never really mine . Why do some of us stay in unhealthy relationships and then one day leave ? Perhaps we get sick of our sickness , and realizing that we -LRB- conscious or not -RRB- often allow other 's to influence , control , or divide our being in detrimental ways is the beginning . Until we develop this individuation , we are not really experiencing a real freedom of choice . And the way that James Hollis addresses this , and speaks to the reader is wonderful and delivered with an intellect based in wisdom and caring .
 When my only son went to college , I was struggling with the common issue of the empty nest , and finding meaning in the new chapter of life that I was beginning . A cynical parent I knew quipped sarcastically , `` Get a life ! '' I 've had a life , thank you , I responded inwardly . An all-absorbing , rewarding one . That 's why I ca n't just turn off a switch and disengage.This woman 's trite clich&eacute; trivialized the complex process of switching gears when one 's kids leave home , glossing over the grief-loss component and midlife transition issues . A wiser , wittier friend offered this advice
 For some time now I have been seeking out and reading books on mid-life . James Hollis 's book is in my opinion the best book I have read on mid-life issues . I would not describe it as a self help book . It is more like a book of wisdom on the nature of the process , but you still have to do the work . He is a professor of literature who transformed into a Jungian analyst . His spiritual orientation is comfortable and accepting . He takes a little bit of what I would describe as an existentialist point of view that I found discordant for me . His knowledge of literature and the ability to weave in bits and pieces from many literary works was fun . He comes from a Jungian perspective which works well for me at this point in life . I frankly feel that the Jungian perspective is one our entire culture needs to look at much more seriously . He brings great depth and wisdom to the Jungian approach to growth of us human beings . This book would be most useful for people in mid-life who are struggling to make some sense out of the roller coaster it can be . You will thoroughly enjoy this book .
 I have read a lot of `` self help '' books , but this goes far beyond what most offer . I read it like a novel - cover to cover - could n't put it done . Extremely insightful and inspiring .
 James Hollis is an excellent communicator and deeply understands the need for some people to figure out why they have reached a point in life where the old patterns of their life are brought sharply into focus and these patterns do not seem sufficient to carry them through the remainder of life.Essentially , this book is about conflict or pull between fate -LRB- i.e. your history and expectations of family and self etc. -RRB- and destiny which is the inner quest of the soul to seek meaning in life . In the second half of life Hollis highlights that the things that gave us a purpose and established us in the first half of life are no longer a guide to fullfilment later . He calls the reader to recognise what is good in their life and consider the value of the rest . He ask the reader to be open to the anxiety and uncertainty that the answers to these questions will bring . This he reminds the reader is a quest for meaning and so his book does not provide a cookbook of answers but a series of reflections on the issues that may present in the search.James Hollis is a Jungian analyst so the quest reminds me of the film `` the Wizard of Oz '' - one of the films I hate most ! A consequence of this is Hollis assumes things will be well if we follow our souls destiny . This is what I would call a nice American Liberal Arts viewpoint but of course is not necessarily true . Hollis accepts that the quest is difficult and potentially very rewarding but does not address the flip side - i.e. what if it does n't work out . Throwing off the shackles of ones old life is something that must be carefully considered in light of an uncertain outcome . This is an excellent book that I would highly recommend with the cavet that the reader in finding his or her destiny should `` make haste slowly '' .
 Not unlike James Hillman who reminds us that `` psyche '' means `` soul , '' and that psychotherapy is not treating , but serving the soul , so James Hollis expands and applies this concept to those of us who have reached the second half of life . His benchmark is 35 years and older.Dr . Hollis translates Jungian analysis into language that is understandable to therapists , clients and students . The book is convicting and at the same time filled with sentences of salvation . I only wish such a text was available to me in the first half of my personal and professional life . Hence , I plan to use it with clients and students before they reach half-time . Re-Visioning Psychology
 I was skeptical of this book at first but it turned out to be very insighful and helpful in identifying the ways and reasons you prevent yourself from living the life you dream of . I wish I had read and understood it at about age 14 , but I do n't think it works that way . Still , I am going to try to pass some of the wisdom here to my children in hopes that they will not hold themselves back .
 Dr. Hollis is a master at unraveling the midlife process in its complexity and alchemical power . This book can serve as a constant companion to those who are interested in reframing midlife from crisis to transformation . A must read for everyone in midlife !
 James Hollis amazed me at how he opened up the issues in my life . I became aware of so many inappropriate reactions I still use to cope with the every day events of my life . This will count as on of the most important purchases of my life !
 A therapist suggested this book to me . I read it , RE-read it and suggested to the therapist he should really read this - one of the GREAT books of our time !!! James Hollis lays it on the line ... Yes , it 's heavy reading , certainly not a `` lightweight-feel good '' type of book but is it EVER worth the effort !!! It literally brought me to a place where I was able to turn my life around -LRB- I 'm 51 -RRB- and eliminate problem areas for that had held me back for 30 or 40 years !!! IF you 're truly searching for how to make sense of this existence we have AND you 've tried many other avenues -LRB- without much success -RRB- then you owe it to yourself to read this - You wo n't be disappointed !!!
 Dr. Hollis , the director of the Jung Center in Houston , is a local treasure . What makes Hollis so unique , in my opinion , is that he once was an English professor and then later in life trained as a therapist . This varied life experience makes reading his books such an unusual and rich exeprience . His book seems to have struck a nerve in Houston . He is offering 3 sections of a course this fall at the Jung Center based on his book and they filled up very quickly .
 I 'm not much of a reader of self-help books but this title caught my eye , and I picked it up . It is so thoughtful and provocative that , to my surprise , I read it twice . My husband also read it , and it has led to such lovely conversations.James Hollis is not the purveyor of simple cheer or bromides . He is interested in helping us ask the question , `` What new thing do I have to learn about myself in the world ? `` and then giving us some guidance in figuring out how we might possibly answer it.This book is neither hard nor easy to read . It requires attention and thought . Hollis believes , '' ... the goal of life is not happiness but meaning . '' If you find yourself feeling mostly grown up but wanting to have a greater sense of self and meaning , this is a book well worth trying . I loved it .
 James Hollis brings an extraordinary contribution to the process of the fully individuated person , living their higher purpose , not based on outer achievements , but based on one 's desire to bring out from within the depths of their deepest meaning , their soul purpose , and authentic self into every facet of their life.This is an exemplary book where you can learn and understand the individuation process , coming into one 's own , where your calling , the true meaning of life that comes from the deepest part of you is brought out into the full spectrum of your life and thus filters out into your relationships as well.After you come into full individuation , life and the process of daily living becomes a rewarding experience , lived fully from the inside out , where your purpose emanates and thus touches the lives around you.From reading Dr. Hollis ' work , he is an outstanding Jungian analyst that brings great meaning to what it really means to come of age as a fully actualized adult . With this process , comes insurmountable joy in every area of your life . With this book , you can understand how this process works , so that you can bring into your conscious awareness what has previously been hidden in the unconscious , and once this is brought into your awareness , personal alchemy occurs.I highly recommend this book to anyone who is interested in bringing greater meaning into his or her life . It is a deep , insightful read and an exemplary contribution to humanity.Barbara Rose , author of Stop Being the String Along
 I regret that I had to wait until I was 53 to have the opportunity to read something so lucid , so reasonable , and so matter of fact . Topics and ideas are presented in a manner that is both clear and , for lack of a better word , `` dispassionate '' . The style of writing and presentation of material are neither clinical nor condescending . There were moments of pure revelation that explained to me really who I am ; why I react to problems the way I do ; why I continue patterns in my life that I know do n't work . I also found passages that offered me validation for some of the paths I have taken , as well as the times I have trusted my judgement and core beliefs , even when they seemed at odds with what others wanted . I heartily recommend this book to anyone who feels `` stuck '' in life , and who is willing to look at making changes , not to please others , but rather to please oneself , leading to a far more happy and fulfilling `` second half '' of life .
 One of the most meaningful books I have ever read . I am recently retired so probably in the second half of my life . Most of my friends also of a similar age . I have passed along over a dozen copies of this book and most of the readers have found it very helpful . My wife is even more excited about it than I am . Should be read by folks in the first half of life so they can start unloading some of the baggage we all pick up while growing up.Not living for others is very freeing . The chapter on relationships worth the price of the whole book . This is a book that starts off good and gets better . As with all information type books if you read this book for what is helpful and not for what you disagree with it will be enlightening
 I 'm amazed at the way Mr. Hollis can phrase something that my soul has understood on some level , but never been able to put into words . He has an incredible understanding of the human concition , and calls upon us to ask the hard questions . This book is particularly meaningful to me , as I find myself in the middle of my life , transitioning into a new consciousness of , for and about myself and the world around me . I 'm studying to become a therapist , and Jung 's ideas resonate with me . I 'm so glad I found this book ! Many thanks to Dr. Hollis . I hope one day I may be able to attend one of his lectures .
 This book resonates on so many levels that I sometimes suspect Hollis wrote it for me personally . At 46 I find every chapter thought-provoking , and have read the book three times , once just reading it , then compelled to reread it while underlining a few passages and , finally , reading it while taking notes and journaling.Granted , he draws heavily from Jung , but the concepts are presented with a 21st Century relevance . I find that I actually take solace in its pages ; with reassurances that , while this path is challenging , I am not alone in sorting out what carries meaning here in the second half.If you are younger than , say , 40 , or you are a big fan of bullet points vs. elegant prose , then this book is probably not for you . But if 50 has too suddenly appeared on the horizon -LRB- or just blown past -RRB- and a little reevaluation might be in order , I think you 'll find some gold in these pages .
 As with his previous books , James Hollis offers no easy answers , no magic formula for happiness , no 10 or 12 or 20 simple steps -- which explains the disappointment of some previous reviewers , I guess , who obviously wanted the hard work done for them . But is n't that one of the most pernicious illusions we have to shed , if we truly want to find personal meaning ? We have to accept that * we 've * got to do the digging , the discovering , the accepting . Even if we have helpful guides along the way , in the end it 's up to us , since an adult is ultimately responsible for his/her life.So Hollis presents us with the tough questions , the ones we need to ask ourselves without flinching or making excuses for our hesitancy & failures . The poetry , the excerpts from literature & myth , are potent models & examples for us -- not to follow blindly , but to mull over & use as illumination for our own lives . Striving for wholeness & authenticity is n't easy , which is why so many step away from it more than once , unwilling to go forward . But it 's the only worthwhile goal for life , especially the second half of life . Once we realize that our time is limited , that we must find or make our own meaning , rather than depending on others to provide it -- well , once you feel that in your gut , in the marrow of your bones , then you know there 's simply no time to waste on self-imposed obstacles or distractions . Every day is precious , and should be put to good use . Whatever has wounded us in the past , whatever has hampered us , can no longer be used as an excuse
 probably the most important contemporary jungian work that will never become a bestseller . it does not offer simple solutions to the complexities of modern adulthood rather , it explores the reality and difficulty of maturity . i have read it 5 times .
 I love Hollis ' books . I 've read most of them . As a Jungian he is a master at spoon feeding the masses . Yet a major theme that Jung invested his energy into , namely the re-imaging of God , seems widely avoided by today 's Jungians . It was critical to Jung to find a parallel or orthogonal way forward so that he would not have to abandon the Christian heritage he grew up with -LRB- his father was a Pastor -RRB- . Where is the Jungian God hiding out now ? They like to dance around the subject , intellectually agreeing that the `` gods '' reside inside of us and take up residence in various forms of neurosis . But where is the God that made matter and wound the laws of nature into the emptiest cube of space -LRB- wound in the rules governing matter before there were atoms to rule even -RRB- ? The early conceptions of God were of course primitive but can a modern man be `` whole '' believing there is no God and no future but death ? Is the purpose of psychology in the end to make us more comfortable on the road to non-existence ? Enough ranting . I 'd like to see some Jungian theories of God . Until then I will use my own.The Gospel According to Me
 Book was received by Kindle Fire and was excellant reading . I would recommend this book to others , especially through Amazon .
 ... and was totally pleased with the shipping time and the product which was in perfect condition as advertised .
 The book was used but reported to be like new . I was disapointed to see thatappoximately 15 pages into the book , a paragraph had been underlined in pen and askterisked . I might have been able to overlook this had the underlined paragraph been something that was of interest to me but it was not . I had purchased this book to read and then loan to client 's in my psychotherapy practice and now I am reluctant to do so let they belive that I am endorsing the the statements in the above mentioned underlined paragraph . I would expect that the seller would have indicated that there was markings in the book . I would not have purchased this particular copy and feel that it was misleading . It 's far to much trouble to return the book which arrive just as I was leaving for vacation a few weeks ago .
 From the introduction and until the end of the book , Dr. Hollis examines how many of us hit the proverbial `` wall '' in our lives and begin to seriously ponder the questions of , `` Who am I ? , '' `` What am I supposed to be really doing ? , '' and `` Why is my life so empty or challenging ? '' . Finding Meaning in Second Half of Life-How to Finally , Really Grow Up is a book that will help you develop both an understanding of your past and how it has impacted the decisions you have made both good and bad your entire adult life . More important , the book encourages you to develop an awareness of your `` conscious '' that will assist you developing the tools to live an extraordinary second half of your life.Pick up this book and read , read , read , and then act .
 I buy every book by Jim Hollis and attend his lectures because he makes my life bigger and better . This excellent book helped me to grow up and out and take responsibility for my life as we all must do ! His beautiful word choices and description of our inner worlds makes me feel like my life is my partner and let me tell you how I love to dance with my partner.You can never go wrong with a book written by the esteemed Dr. Hollis.Mary Jane Hurley Brantwww.wheneverydaymatters.com
 This book has opened my eyes to the scope of human relationships , particularly the relationship we all have with ourselves , and the intricacies that drive them . It is a totally new concept for me . The author , a Jungian analyst , has a degree in English , and at times his writing is nothing less than prose . The combination of his powerful writing and the revelatory content makes this book well worth examining .
 NOT AN EASY BOOK TO READ AND NOT BED TIME STUFF , BUT POTENTIALLY LIFE ALTERING . BE SURE TO ALSO READ `` THE PURPOSE DRIVEN LIFE '' TO GET THE FULL BENEFIT .
 When we are young , we dream of succeeding in a career , creating a family , establishing a social position in the world and making money , lots of it . In psychological parlance
 The content is wonderful -LRB- though am I the only person who thinks Hollis ' books all start to sound the same ? -RRB- . My matn gripe is that the chapters are jumbled in the Kindle version I 've bought , and the references do n't hyperlink to anything . Please improve .
 From the standpoint of separating your true self or psyche or what-you-will , this book is marvelous . The only problem is , where do you go from there ? Aside from realizing the journey will be hard and you 'll be getting clues from your dreams and subconscious , you are more or less left on your own . Which , personally speaking , is how it all started when I was a child .
 I bought copies for all my older friends , this is the best advice I have read in my long life to face aging in a positive and productive way ... . and its something every 50 year old woman should read . Maybe even before 50 . To prepare for the meaningful phase of life that after midlife , aging is ... . get it ... !!!
 James Hollis is far and away the most brilliant psychologist of our time . His latest contribution to a series of books I can not live without is as exceptional as the rest . In an intelligent and thought-provoking manner , Hollis encourages the reader to examine what lies under the emptiness at mid-life despite having attained all of society 's achievements such as marriage , career and financial success . He challenges us to discover what forces and fears formed us , and how our lives have been shaped as a result . His words lead you towards finding meaning and also a personal spiritual connection for your life . This is no `` Step One
 This is a terrific book , really a synthesis of many undercurrents of psychological wisdom explored in contemporary terms . I savored it over several weeks , reading a few pages a day , so that I could fully absorb and reflect on James Hollis 's insights . Both penetrating and accessible , the book also provided a common vocabulary to talk over the real issues with a friend going through a hard time . -LRB- `` This book is me , '' was how he expressed his feelings of relief and validation . -RRB- James Hollis writes with clarity and compassion about profound and complex dilemmas , in a deeply engaging way that reflects his personal and professional experience . The best thing about FINDING MEANING IN THE SECOND HALF OF LIFE is that rather than providing easy answers it asks the right questions , so that one is inspired to further evolve toward her own truth . I also recommend James Hollis 's other books for their soulful exploration of meaning that can be pragmatically and creatively absorbed .
 In these times of extensive power-posturing , blame and fear-mongering from our leaders , it is a relief to have this voice of genuine strength and courage gently working its way into our psyche and society . This voice is James Hollis , Ph.D and he blazes the path toward giving meaning to the second half of our lives.We can learn how to forgive the unavoidable mistake called `` the first half of our life '' and go confidently forward into the second , with our compassionate guide , James Hollis.With his writings , he serves as the scout that we need to enter this uncharted territory within ourselves . We need not be scared to enter these depths . We can do this effectively if we read and heed the words of this sage.I credit Hollis and his book `` Eden Project , in Search of the Magical Other '' for saving my marriage . I would recommend this book to anyone in a relationship . Hollis will guide you in an eloquent way through relationships and where we tend to go wrong in them . I look around me , at all the dissatisfied couples and think , they could save a lot of misery and money if instead of getting new partners , sports cars and face lifts , they just bought a copy of the Eden Project . It is not light reading , it is not band-aid psychology , but it is well worth the effort.Now Dr. Hollis will guide us through the second half of life with this book . This is the stuff of real strength , written by a real hero . He has lead us to the promised land that is within .
 I 've read a ton of books about psychology and the inner life . The vast majority are so simplistic as to be mind-numbing . Hollis is , I think , the best psychologist writing today , and this latest -LRB- I recommned ALL of his previous books -RRB- is an empassioned guide towards getting real with yourself . The best `` self-help '' book I have ever read . I think it should be required reading for everyone when they turn 40 . Rock on , James !
 This is not a book that will give you sequential bits of advice on how to change your life but will instead offer insights which will encourage internal changes through the increased knowledge of our own personal and human condition.Neither is it a book , at least for me , to be read at one sitting . But it is a pleasure to read in small bits and then ponder what was just read.I gave a copy to an alcholic friend of mine , who is also looking for some deeper understandings in life , and he said it was the most important book he 'd read since he quit drinking over 20 years ago . It is not a ` how to ' book , but if you approach it with some patience and curiousity you will be immensely rewarded .
 I have read this book once and plan to reread it after taking time to think through what I have learned . The book causes one to stop and think about so much of who and what they are.As a recent retiree who is on a journey of self-discovery and renewed spirituality this book `` hit the spot '' . I had a strong feeling of resonating on the same frequency as the author . Any book that has a 16 page introduction to make sure the reader is properly positioned for what is in the book is a good sign . As avertised , no quick fixes are available in this book . Only deep understanding and breakthroughs can come from hard work and that is what the author requires of his readers.Thanks to AARP for an article that referenced this book .
 This book is very interesting and very thought provoking . The author clearly recognizes a problem which faces all of us in the second half of life and often earlier and offers the challenge of a solution . My problems with the book are -LRB- 1 -RRB- it is hard to read often because of what I perceive as the author 's default to academic writing and not writing which is geared to a general audience not used to such complex concepts professionally expressed . Expressing the ideas the author wants to communicate in layman 's terms would have been more effective in communicating the content ; -LRB- 2 -RRB- more concrete examples of the concepts of projection , complexes , etc. would also have made me as a reader more comfortable with what I thought I understood from the book . Other authors I believe have been able to express Jung 's concepts in ways more easily understood by those of us who are not philosophers or psychologists . Despite these concerns , I highly recommend the book because Dr. Hollis discusses an issue all of us knows exists even if we deny it and frequently his prose is engaging .
 I found this book a godsend at this stage in my life . It truly provided me with insight on what I needed to do to make effective changes in my life and most importantly not be ashamed of those changes . I wish this book had been available when I was 40 !!
 I have not quite finished this book yet and who could blame me ? It is so packed with information and motivation to change our lives . I saw the message coming for a `` wake up call '' in the first pages , but at this point I have a fire under my tail to really create a new life.Understand please , that I am significantly satisfied with my life to this point and cherish my children , marriage and ego based life . But , hey , I know when I am leaving value on the sidelines and this book reminds me that the Soul 's calling is greater than my ego centric life.Here I go on the second half journey toward a conscious life and I will give you all an update when I have finished the book.Thanks Dr. Hollis for this inspiration .
 As someone who has studied Jung for a great deal of their adult life , I find this to be an exceptional book . Many terms that other authors attempt to describe such as psyche , ego , transference , etc. , are really very difficult to follow . Hollis does an exceptional job in breaking Jungian terms open for the reader . Of course , this does not say that it is a particularly easy read as I believe the book is probably most beneficial for someone who has studied psychology somewhat , even if on his or her on . The most amazing part of the book -LRB- for me -RRB- is that the author really speaks to the crisis of mid-life . As someone who feels as though he has just faced this :-RRB- the book was most helpful not in telling me what to do , but rather the questions that I need to reflect on to live a fuller life in the second half of life . I have recommended this book to others as well . I look forward to reading Dr. Hollis ' other books as this was my first .
 I really enjoyed this book -- read it three times . But I read it three times because it is a hard read . As other reviewers have noted , this is a dense and difficult book . It also is NOT a self-help book , as the author notes . In fact , it can be a very frustrating book . It does an excellent job of raising issues you probably need to address , but offers nothing by way of how to address them . I imagine if you ask the author about this , he would say your issues need to be addressed in therapy over a long time . Oh , those Freudians -- how will they ever survive in this instant society ?
 One of the best books I 've read in a long time . Very well-written , intelligent yet easy to follow . This is meaty stuff for the soul . I read it twice , and expect to keep going back . Will be acquiring more of Hollis 's work for sure ! Quite impressed .
 Hollis is clear , to the point , real , and stunningly on target . This book had so many insights that I have almost underlined the whole text ! I needed a guide for this part of my life , and Hollis is a great one .
 Recommended by my counselor and I found it to be so much more than the title suggests . Almost every sentence in this book is profound and life enriching , thought provoking and positive perception changing about our lives and souls , and motivating to change and take action to direct your own life . I have bought many of these books and given them to friends and family . Hoping , if only , they will read a sentence or two every once in a while . Highly recommended for anyone going through that time that comes mid-life -LRB- whenever that time comes does not have to be any specific age -RRB- and the soul searching begins of why am I here , what should I do that has more meaning to me , what is life all about and how it affects me and how I can affect life .
 A must read for baby Boomers wondering where their journey leads . This is a thoughtful guide forthe layman as well as the professional therapist .
 According to Jung , life has two acts . In act one , an individual goes off into the world to stake out a place for himself . But in act two , which happens after the age of 35 , he begins to turn inwards and work on what he has neglected within himself . This is what this book is about . Dr. James Hollis , a Jungian analyst , discusses how to make this transition in the second half of life .
 The book is one of the most insightful one about human psyche and soul I have ever read.Recommend highly for every adult to read .
 James Hollis is a remarkably insightful man . I have never read anyone 's work where they so concisely and accurately described us humans . The adult freedom he talks about in his talking about relationships is truly remarkable .
 James Hollis hits the nail on the head . I would recommend any of his writings . Not for sissies who do n't have the guts to look at themselves and accept personal responsibility .
 Fire blazes through a Manhattan office building , killing the 50 people inside . But it 's no ordinary fire.The flames are caused by a high-temperature accelerant -LRB- HTA -RRB- . The fire scorches everything in its path with over 3,000 degrees Fahreinheit worth of heat.Enter rookie fire marshal Georgia Skeehan . Heavy politics place her at the head of the investigation , facing the wrath of her senior investigators.Even her partner starts behaving erattically , raising suspicion among his co-workers . And the one person Georgia does n't see coming steals her heart and betrays her trust.Through her investigation efforts , Georgia discovers a man calling himself `` The Fourth Angel '' is taking credit for the massive destruction . When he shifts his focus to Georgia , she finds herself playing a deadly game of whodunit . `` The Fourth Angel '' even details plans of his next deadly blaze . A blaze Georgia must decode and find the location of before 2,400 men , women and children fall prey to a fiery death.The Fourth Angel immediately heats things up from page 1 . This book does contain a lot of characters , bascially to capture the essence of the FDNY and this complicated investigation . But The Fourth Angel has plenty of action and a solid , unpredictable ending .
 A great read and superb writing !!! I loved the gutsy , tough , yet warm and caring character Georgia Skeehan . I 'd like to see her in future stories . The book has a great plot that takes so many twists and turns you 're never quite sure `` who did it '' or what 's going to happen next . I could n't put it down , and I did n't want it to end . I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT !!!
 This book is definitely what they say - a red hot debut . It read it in a couple of days because it was so readable - the story is jam-packed with twists and turns which make it an enjoyable and unpredictable read . At first I was annoyed with what seemed to me like telegraphing - you know - where the author lets you see into the mind of everyone around so you know what is going to happen next . However the story is a lot more clever than that and it kept me interested almost to the last page.This is the debut novel so we need to be introduced to rookie fire Marshall Georgia Skeehan . While not her first day on the job she is still learning her way and making mistakes with it . Of course before we meet her we get introduced to the first fire in the most graphic and dramatic way . I did n't much like that - a bit too much detail for me . Anyway this first investigation turns out to be the work of a serial arsonist - or so Georgia thinks . Through some political wangling she is appointed to the taskforce - nicknamed the FART squad - something to do with Fire and Arson Research Tactical Squad -LRB- or something like that . -RRB- So we get the since that it is not highly respected by the Firefighters of New York themselves . Also in the squad is Mac Marenko who is leading the team - and if it is possible to say about a story to do with Fire fighters - sparks fly between them immediately.The team has trouble from the start - Mac is in conflict with Georgia about her theories on the arson and this flares up when she is politically appointed to lead the squad . As the investigation advances Georgia comes to realise that this arsonist is getting personal and not only that - there is a deadline before something terrible so going to happen . As the story progresses we have a greater dimension of all the characters revealed - Georgia , Mac , included - all are hiding dark secrets or clues to why this is happening and corruption is not far below the surface of it all.Through it all are the themes of a womans place in the fire service and this is revisited quite often - subtely which is nice . In fact it forms a backbone for Georgia 's relationships in the fire service and the FART squad and also for the story in general.While the story hummed along there were things in it that I just did n't like - for instance I am not a person that likes gore much and while there was n't that much of it the graphic descriptions of people dying in fires really turned my stomach . Also I found some of the writing just a bit clunky for me . It might just be me but I really noticed that she was always referring to things by their colours - and sometimes repeating them - for instance there was an Eggplant coloured dress , and later in another chapter another eggplant coloured something or other . Sloane Michaels eyes -LRB- at a critical moment -RRB- she notices are root-beer coloured.I also thought that the ending was a just a bit convenient . A suicide to try to cleanse away the guilt or something . But it was preceded by a long explanation with the clock ticking on a very large fire bomb - with four minutes to spare there is all this angsting going on . Conveniently for the story not only Georgia 's mother , but her son are in the building about to blow up and in the thousands of people who pore out when it is evacuated Georgia finds her mother - but her son is trapped inside still - having somehow separated from his grandmother . I know it is possible but it is just one of those convenient plot devices that did n't seem necessary to me given the how great the rest of the story was . Why plant the son in there when she had every reason to go in there anyway?It is really on for these reasons that I have given this story less than 5 . I am definitely interested in getting Chazin 's next book and trying it out . Her heroine is very much more in the mold of Kay Scarpetta or Kinsey Millhone .
 New York City Fire Marshal Georgia Skeeham examines suspicious looking fires . She became an investigator out of homage to her father , a firefighter who died in the line of duty as did her partner . It is not easy being a female amidst the testosterone dominated department , but she accepts the garbage because she enjoys her work and more important has to support her child.The Spring St. inferno is Georgia 's worse nightmare coming alive as hundreds of people die in the blaze . Going over the heads of her superiors , Georgia finds a tie between this deadly blaze and several other nasty fires that leads to her concluding the city has a serial arsonist on the loose . Georgia is placed in charge of the task force trying to capture the fiery killer . Wading through corruption in the department and the city , Georgia seeks to stop THE FOURTH ANGEL before he enflames one of Manhattan 's most beloved buildings , a place where her mother and her son happen to be visiting.This is the first novel in what appears to be a dynamic new series . Suzanne Chazin shows she has researched firefighting as she cleverly incorporates firefighting techniques into her plot so that the reader feels ready to fight a fire . Thus , the novel needs a warning label
 Just finished this book , it was great ... . Took me by surprise all the different twists , and great accuracy on her story line
 Suzanne Chazin 's new suspense novel `` The Fourth Angel '' is the best page turner I 've read in quite a while . As a busy mom , I usually reserve reading for evenings after the kids are tucked in . But I toted `` The Fourth Angel '' around with me for the three days it took me to finish it , sneaking in a few pages every chance I had.The best part of the novel for me , is the endless twists and turns of the plot . Just when I thought I 'd `` figured it out , '' another surprise popped up . The scientific and technological detail woven into the book makes the journey all the more riveting and real . For those of us not connected to the world of fires and firefighters , it is a revealing and frightening peak into a dangerous world.In addition to the great fire adventure are some terrific characters . Georgia Skeehan , fire marshal , is not an instantly loveable heroine , but rather a person that grows on you as you get to know her . Her relationships with the rest of her department are not static , but develop in interesting , unpredictable ways . The flames in a budding romance are almost as hot as the fires she investigates.Chazin 's characters , her knowledge of the job and her New York City settings all make for a brilliant and thrilling climax to a novel that is bound to satisfy!I highly reccommend this book and look forward to the next in what deserves to be a long series of suspense novels .
 Here 's one I 'm glad I did n't miss . It 's got everything a good thriller should have
 The Fourth Angel 's first chapter is so riveting and compelling , that once you start reading this terrific new thriller , you wo n't be able to put it down . Rookie fire marshall , Georgia Skeehan , is put on the task force to solve an inferno that leveled a New York City skyscraper in minutes , killing fifty-four people . With unprecedented temperatures of almost 3000 degrees , nobody had a chance to escape and those caught in the building practically melted to death . Because she 's a rookie and a woman , the task force basically ignores her , giving Georgia grunt work to keep her out of their way . But when she stumbles over clues that link this fire with several others and letters that prove this may be the work of a serial arsonist , the task force begins to take her more seriously and show her some respect . As evidence and bizarre details mount and point to unlikely suspects , the task force is unsure who to trust and Georgia and her team race against the clock to find the answers before the promised final catastrophe ... . Suzanne Chazin has written a spectacular debut mystery/thriller that has it all ... a tight , suspenseful plot , smart , tense writing , vivid scenes that come alive on the page and memorable , well-drawn characters . It is obvious that Ms Chazin has done her homework on the world of firefighting and this indepth knowledge really adds credibility to the story . This is the first of what should be a terrific series with a great heroine . The Fourth Angel is a winner and a book mystery/thriller fans should n't miss .
 This book is a good debut effort by Suzanne Chezin . She brings an insiders look to the world of firefighting and arson investigation . There is a good dose of realism in her story . She has created some finely drawn characters and has handled a couple of potential cliched situations with aplomb . She makes a lot of references to the inner workings of FDNY and they all ring true . I would have liked a little more procedural detail on the arson investigations , but maybe she will develop that with future works . This story incorporates investigation techniques , fire fighting , financial chicanery , a budding romance , single parenthood , interdepartmental rivalries and blends them all together in a story that works . All in all the novel was original , the writing was crisp and the characters were believable . A good first outing .
 WOW , Fantastic , Acurate , Thrilling , Incredible . This book has got to be one on the best I have ever read . I am an avid reader of Patrica Cornwell , Steven King , and Jeffrey Archer and Suzanne has hit the spot with this one . I have spent 25 years as a firefighter and 11 of those as Fire Chief , this book describes the heart and sole of the firefighters and the officers . The intra-departmental bickering and prodding is perfectly described and it fits any large city fire department , just change the names and it fits . After the first paragraph of the book , you will not put it down . The description of the first stages of fire are so accurate , so real , it will raise the hair on your neck . She is to be commended for accuracy !! I have never read a 400 page paperback in 6 nights until I picked up this book . I can hardly wait to find `` Flashover '' . I can only hope that is this well written .
 Suzanne Chazin has written a top-notch suspense novel in `` The Fourth Angel . '' She writes of the fire-fighting men and women with depth and understanding . The book had me absorbed to the fiery end as Chazin 's heroine Georgia Skeehan uncovers the chilling mystery of the deadly arsonist who calls himself the Fourth Angel .
 ... this is a must-read . I dare you NOT to get involved with Georgia Skeehan , New York fire marshall , legacy firefighter , single mom . Within just a few pages , you care about her , and want to see what happens next . The characters , dialogue and big-city , departmental politics in Fourth Angel all ring true , sometimes chillingly so . A toast to author Suzanne Chazin , who clearly knows much about firefighting techniques , and still more about gripping writing . Please , a sequel soon ? VERY soon ? -- Salley Shannon
 I enjoyed this first novel so much I 've ordered her second one , `` Flash Over '' . The heroine is a fire marshal new on the job , so we are dealing with sexism as well as a villian doing terrible things with fire . This is a thriller in the true sense of the word ; from the first page to the last , you keep wanting to find out what happens next .
 This was a wonderful book , that kept me on the edge of my seat.The story is wonderful and moves along at a great pace . The best thing a bout this book was that I had to keep on reading , because I had to know what happend next , and I just love that.Suzanne Chazin is on her way to being the next great thiller writer .
 Crime fiction follows certain formulas . The hero or heroine must suffer from some flaw which makes his or her ultimate triumph more human and less like the inevitable victory of `` truth , justice and the American Way '' to put it in superhero terms.Meet rookie Fire Marshall Georgia Skeehan of the FDNY . No ladies rooms in the firehouses ; no respect from the brass either . Improbably the Department is triumphant over the NYPD to assume control of a serial arson case that resulted in dozens of lost lives . More improbably , Skeehan the rookie is assigned to lead the team.Skeehan doubts herself since she is so inexperienced and because she failed to rescue a buddy in a dangerous fire while a firefighter . Hence her tragic flaw is revealed , and once revealed will surely be used to torment her.Well Georgia does succeed -LRB- you knew that already -RRB- and earns the respect of her fire brothers . It is not clear if this earned respect translates into bathroom construction at firehouses.Suzanne Chazin is a talented writer . This protagonist has a lot of potential and a lot of original material to work from both in terms of the characteristics of fire but in the characters in the FDNY . Chazin has woven a complex story and a complex subject neatly and with considerable dexterity.If there are some obvious formulas being applied in this work , it will soon pass . Chazin knows her stuff , has a great imagination , and the determination to leave her own mark on this genre .
 I just recently got this book used and noticed that it was written and published before 9/11 . Georgia Skeehan is an FDNY fire marshal who investigates fires . She was a firefighter first as was her dad before her . She is a single mom who lives with her mom and her 9 year old son . She has an experience partner , Randy Carter , and is learning the ropes . The book opens describing a fire that is happening in a commercial building where there is a party going on in the business . The fire spreads so quickly that the 54 people are trapped and die . In fighting the fire , an FDNY firefighter named Quinn also dies leaving his family of wife and kids.Georgia and her partner are called to investigate and soon realize that this is a special type of fire using a very fast acting accelerant so that the temperature is over 2500 degrees Fahrenheit ! As Georgia and her partner are made part of a task force under Mac Marenko the conflict begins and Georgia , made aware by their lab guy Walter Frankel , knows there have been 3 other high accelerant fires and thus wants to relate them and everybody from Mac to the commander is against her.The reader is treated to insight from different characters ' points of view including the arsonist . A very in-depth novel and terrific debut even if the climactic events at the near end were a bit pat and a stretch on the believability scale .
 This book is very fascinating !! Suzanne does a great job on pointing out the problems associated with fire investigation . Her main character , Fire Marshal Georgia Skeehan , runs into all kinds of problems both professionally and personally . I think this also added to the book because we all have these problems . I have read all three books and highly recommend that anyone that reads one of them needs to read them all . I ca n't wait for her next book !!! Great Job !!
 I think Suzanne Chazin will go very far as a suspense writer . She has a great character in Georgia and very impressive knowledge of the FDNY -LRB- New York 's Fire Department -RRB- . She writes about the world of firefighters in a fresh and convincing way . I thought I bascially knew all I needed to know about how firefighters think and live but I had not read this novel yet ! In addition , I do not think there are many suspense writers out there who can write about an actual fire the way Ms. Chazin has in this book . It might appear `` easy '' to write about a building in flames but the fire scenes in this novel are realistic and harrowing . Best of all , Ms. Chazin knows how to write about people and put them in an exciting story . I think any serious readers of tough female suspense fiction should take notice ! She ' s woth it .
 I do not normally by hardback books by first time authors . But I have to say I am so glad I took the chance because The Fourth Angel is a stunning debut novel by Suzanne Chazin . It is loaded with chilling scenes and plot twisters that keep you guessing who is behind some of the worst fires to ever hit New York City.Georgia Skehan is a rookie fire marshal . She is struggling to carve out her niche in a male orient field . Added to her struggle is old baggage following her around on whether she was responsible for the death of a fellow firefighter . Georgia is called to the scene of a deliberate fire that was so intense and severe that no one survived or even had a chance of making it out alive . An old friend in the department tips her off that this fire was n't the first of its kind in recent months . In fact , there having been letters sent by someone calling himself the Fourth Angel sprouting Bible verses from Revelations justifying his actions . Protecting her friend 's identity , she tries to tell the chief fire marshal her theories . However , the `` good old boys ' club '' is n't interested in what a woman thinks and tries to ridicule her to the point she will drop the matter . But thanks to the top man , the fire commissioner , overhearing the conversation Georgia is assigned to the investigating team headed by Mac Marenko . Marenko tries to dissuade Georgia by assigning her the dirty jobs . Georgia still manages to uncover some impressive leads and soon Marenko begins to believe Georgia just might be on to something.This book opens with one of the most frightening scenes I 've ever read . You know what is coming , yet you keeping hoping you 're wrong . There is no way you can read this book without developing a liking for the characters . Each in their own way , whether right or wrong , is trying to do what they think is for the good of the department . In Georgia , we get a strong single mom who comes from a family of firefighters . She is trying to do the job she loves while fighting discrimination from men who think women have no place fighting fires . Mac Marenko starts out as a complete jerk until we see the human side of him develop . There is sexual tension between the two that makes you hope both characters will be around in the next book . The villain , what can I say about the villain ? He is pure evil and I hope I do n't have nightmares about him tonight.Ms . Chazin 's next novel featuring Georgia Skehan is supposed to be out in 2002 . Man , I hate having to wait that long after discovering this author . I am definitely hooked !
 Hey this book is awesome , I absolutley loved it . I could harldly put the book down . The book made me feel as if i was part of teh firehouse and was a charcter in the book . It is a must read
 As a career and volunteer firefighter I thought I would n't like fiction , but this particular author changed my mind . She adds enough realism that her writings can be considered ` real to life ' . If you like HAZMAT stuff , you 'll like this book . If you like looking at the ` life ' of the firefighter , particularly the woman firefighter , this book is for you . If you are a fire or arson investigator , this book reveals a real pattern of fire investigation . I agree that the second half of this book was difficult to put down - finished it in a long weekend .
 Suzanne Chazin has delivered a fresh and exciting debut with THE FOURTH ANGEL.Georgia Skeehan knows all about pressure -- she 's a single mom , and a rookie marshal in what is still a man 's world -- the New York City Fire Department . Asked to head up an investigation of a serial arsonist who quotes from the Book of Revelation , Georgia is facing the biggest challenge of her life.With her inside knowledge of the NYC Fire Department , Chazin lends authenticity to her impressive debut novel . I 'm looking forward to the next installment of what promises to be a wonderful series .
 This book swept me along as if I were riding on a fire truck . The excitement never waned , and the details about fire equipment and fire fighting were intelligently explained to this layman . I look forward to the next Georgia Skeehan book . Mac sounds like a really promising romantic interest ; I hope he appears in the next book .
 _ The Fourth Angel _ features Georgia Skeehan , rookie fire marshall for the NYFD . After a deadly and destructive fire which killed over 50 civilians and one firefighter , Georgia discovers that this fire is only the latest in a series of fires set by an arsonist called the Fourth Angel . Problems surface in Georgia 's investigation , and she is hampered by the politics of the fire department and guilt over the death of her partner two years ago . The fires escalate until the Fourth Angel warns her of an `` apocalyptic '' fire that she must race to stop . _ The Fourth Angel _ has mystery , suspense , and a touch of romance .
 Georgia Skeehan , rookie fire marshal and former NYC firefighter , spearheads an investigation into a series of high-temperature accelerant -LRB- HTA -RRB- fires that have hit the Big Apple in the past few months . Despite the existence of letters from an ominous , scripture-quoting `` fourth angel , '' as well as the many similarities between the recent fires , very few in the New York City Fire Department are interested in hearing Skeehan 's theory that the fires may be related . Everywhere she digs , however , she finds something that arouses her suspicions and fills her with dread at the truth she might uncover.Georgia Skeehan is a very enjoyable character and will make an excellent protagonist for an ongoing series . She has the warmth and vulnerability to be a likeable heroine , yet also has the grit and tenacity needed not only to survive but to excel in the male-dominated fire department . Reminiscent of Patricia Cornwell 's Dr. Kay Scarpetta , Skeehan is a thinking investigator who is nevertheless unafraid to get down and dirty in the heart of her pursuit . `` The Fourth Angel '' is a very promising debut and is highly recommended.Reviewed by Mystery Ink
 When my husband asked if I wanted to watch a movie with Nick Nolte and Julia Roberts and I said I 'd rather read , I knew Suzanne Chazin had hooked me with her compelling drama . One of the first rules given a writer is `` Write what you know . '' Chazin , a member of the International Association of Arson Investigators and wife of a veteran New York City firefighter , proves the wisdom of this advice . Her knowledge of both firefighters and fire provide a solid base for a tale that is filled with surprises . Just when you think you 're headed in one direction , you 're not ; just when you decide someone is a good guy , he 's not . Or is he ? Chazin keeps her reader guessing , and reading . I hope we 'll see more of her main character , fire marshall Georgia Skeehan . I might have discovered my grown-up Nancy Drew .
 The storyline in ` The Fourth Angel ' seems simple enough
 Ms. Chazin has successfully composed a first rate novel which illustrates a clear understanding of the work performed by NYC Fire Marshals , both in front of and behind the scenes . She has accurately depicted the gritty underside of Fire Investigation in the BIG APPLE - at times rotten to the core . Initially , I was skeptical , after all how could this outsider portray New Yorks BRAVEST conducting some of their best investigative work . As a retired New York City Fire Marshal and the participant in over a thousand investigations I was especially cynical of an outsiders ability to tell such a story . I took the opportunity to read `` The Fourth Angel '' on a recent lengthy flight and would put the book down reluctantly . Her knowledge of forensics and fire science is quite clear . I was suprised by her appreciation of the legitimate fear of electrocution at a fire scene . Building occupants , both legal and illegal are notorious for diverting electrical service from unauthorized sources bereft of any over current protection . Shutting power at the main breaker or a disconnect at the service entrance is no sure bet that `` the power is off '' . Ms. Chazin 's work although fiction is full of true NY characters , very much like it 's firehouses and fire investigation base operations . I read `` The Fourth Angel '' in two sittings , I enjoyed it and encourage readers , inside and ouside the field of fire investigation to read this book . I look forward to the sequel and re-visiting `` The Fourth Angel '' in theaters .
 It has been a while since I have picked up a book that was so completely engaging . The characters , the plot , the dialog all hung together and made a very fun , satisfying read . The technical details were interesting and the twists and turns served up made this a ca n't - put-it-down read . There is something for everyone in this one and I can not wait to see what this new series produces next . If I could give this one more than 5 stars I would ... you wo n't be disappointed !
 The novel , The Fourth Angel , by Suzanne Chazin is a realpage-turner . Rookie fire marshal , Georgia Skeehan , has not gotten any high priority cases because she is a woman in a man 's world , the FDNY . Without warning she suddenly finds herself in charge of one of the most important arson cases in New York City . She is investigating a series of HTA -LRB- High Temperature Accelerant -RRB- fires . All the clues point to a serial arsonist who calls himself the Fourth Angel . He sends messages to Marshal Skeehan and the FDNY quoting scripture . The fires start off small , but gradually become bigger as the death toll from the fires increase . One of the last messages sent to Marshal Skeehan is one promising a fire of biblical proportions . One like New York has never seen before . Can Skeehan discover who the `` Fourth Angel '' really is , and stop his greatest fire yet before more innocent people meet a fiery death.Suzanne Chazin is able to grip readers with her suspenseful and thrilling novel . The book is full of surprises and has many twists to it . It is impossible to guess the outcome before it is revealed and that is what makes the book so great.This book is one that many different kinds of people will enjoy . The reader does not have to be familiar with the fire service to enjoy and understand Chazin 's mastery of pyrotechnics . It is a great book for anyone who likes criminal fiction or just a good thriller with a lot of action .
 A delight from beginning to end . Funny , scary , informative , thrilling . I can see a blockbuster movie being made of this novel , starring Julia Roberts as the gutsy and quick-thinking arson investigator . I 'm simmering to read the sequel !
 A gripping , fast paced story on par with any of today 's best loved mystery writers . This exciting page turner is filled with fascinating insights into the intriguing and little understood brotherhood of firefighters and arson investigators . A cut above garden variety who-done-its ? as the author successfully layers the story with complex character development and moral dilemmas . The heroine , Georgia Skeehan , must reconcile the reality of imperfect people striving to do their best in an often ambiguous world . All this amidst a story line chock full of twists and turns that leaves one guessing right through the final pages . Ca n't wait to see where Georgia takes us next ...
 I think Suzanne Chazin will go very far as a suspense writer . She has a great character in Georgia and very impressive knowledge of the FDNY -LRB- New York 's Fire Department -RRB- . She writes about the world of firefighters in a fresh and convincing way . I thought I bascially knew all I needed to know about how firefighters think and live but I had not read this novel yet ! In addition , I do not think there are many suspense writers out there who can write about an actual fire the way Ms. Chazin has in this book . It might appear `` easy '' to write about a building in flames but the fire scenes in this novel are realistic and harrowing . Best of all , Ms. Chazin knows how to write about people and put them in an exciting story . I think any serious readers of tough female suspense fiction should take notice ! She ' s woth it .
 this book sucks very badly ! as soon as i was on the second page i threw it in the fire place !!!
 I thought that this was a pretty good book . In the beginning I was n't sure if I would like it becuase it was kind of different but I continued reading it and I ended up enjoying it . Some of the parts in the story were kind of hard to read . There were so many characters to remember and to keep track of . One of the characters went by two different names so that got confusing . Another thing that got difficult while reading was the dialect that Dickens used while writing the book . I like the way Dickens wrote this book . He does n't tell you about everything that is going on , so you have many questions about things and at the end everything is answered for you . It does n't turn out how you would expect .
 I thought this book was a really good book . I liked it because it was very exciting and interesting . I thought it was difficult to read though because of all the characters in the story . I thought that there was way to many characters and there did n't need to be that many . Dickens also used a lot of long and hard words which I did n't understand that well . That made the story even harder to read . It was also very long and I think that Dickens could have taken some parts out . It got kind of boring during the middle of the book but at the end it was all worth reading . I think Dickens is a very good writer and I would like to read some more of his novels . He thinks of neat stories that no other author would think of . Overall , this was a very good book .
 This book got to me fast and in great condition , and at a great price !
 Pip craves the approval of Miss Havisham and the love of Estella , who basically treat him like dirt . Even when he 's with them he 's miserable and knows it . Pip also knows that he 's being an ungrateful snob towards Joe and Biddy , who 've done nothing in his life but love , respect , and protect him . This because he can not help but view them through the eyes of the rich and vindictive Miss Havisham and the beautiful but really darn mean Estella . Despite all this , Pip is a likeable character with whom it is easy to identify and sympathize . Eventually he confronts the superficiality of his expectations and embraces his true nature . In the process he transforms both Miss Havisham and Estella into feeling human beings , understanding and remorseful of the pain caused by their previous conduct .
 ... this book and I are ! I had to keep reminding myself that this story was fiction , otherwise I probably would have gotten much more emotional about it than I did . Many of the emotions Pip went through , I have also at some point . What does n't kill you , makes you stronger -LRB- or at least very sick ... poor Pip ! -RRB- .
 This book is in one of my Top 5 Favorite all time books . I have read it again and again . The only problem I have with it is that I am never able to get through part three . How could I call it my favorite then ? Read the book and discover the magic .
 My first experience with this book was as a freshman in high school . Being so young , it was nearly impossible to grasp the depth and breadth of this genius piece of work . This story is amazingly broad in character development . Through the novel , one is able to follow the life journey of Pip , and his ties to those closest to him in life . He `` changes , and changes again , '' and can never fully recover from what he learns . There 's no going back . This book will forever remain one of my favorite . It 's one that leaves you wondering how a person could have the talent to create such a touching , masterful work .
 People have enjoyed the adventures of Pip and friends -LRB- or enemies , as the case may be -RRB- for decades ! Though quite confusing at times , Great Expectations was a well thought out novel . This book required more concentration than most , with a cast of characters that would fill the world many times over . I had trouble reading it in the normal haphazard fashion I usually take ; a chapter here , a few pages on the way to school , because of all the details put into it . I know this classic was written with money being paid per word , but I found much of the long , rambling , descriptions to be the one major fault of the novel . I think that the one reason people accept and cherish these lengthy descriptions is because Great Expectations is one of the `` classic classics '' , so to speak . People expect it to become tedious in places , filled with descriptions of anything from a desk drawer to toenail clippings . But overall , I found this to be a touching book , about mangled love , childhood , and life in general . A great read for anyone with patience !! - LJ
 I think that this book was superb , not just because it 's a classic but because of it 's morals and it 's story of young Pip and how he goes through many many adventures and many wonderful happenings in his life . That 's why of course it 's called Great Expectations - the title tells all
 This book helped me realize I do not need to read books in a conventional manner to fully enjoy them . I read the book with the aid of books on tape while in the back of my parent 's Toyota riding through Holland . The atmosphere of the many hours spent enjoying the book while I would have been sleeping or staring vacantly at the fields still calls me to thank my eighth grade teacher for assigning it to me . Even though I remember groaning at the first sight of the thick novel , I am happy to have known the eccentric nature of the rich old lady , the adventuresome curiousity of young Pip , and most of all the intriguing presence of the girl Pip would be affected by for his whole life
 This novel , written by Charles Dickens , shows us that we can not achieve happiness from money . It also teaches us that if we succumb to our desires we will end up losing in life . I recommend this beautifully written masterpiece to anyone who enjoys reading
 After doing numerous analysing on the novel , I find Estella the least developed of all the main characters in the book . The chapters in which she apperas in are short ; her actions are small and her speeches are simplistic . I find it a pity that Charles Dickens did not actually further develope Estella and based the entire story on Pip
 This book is one of the most depressing novels I haveever read . Just about anything and everything goes wrongfor Pip and just about everyone in the story dies . It wasa good book , do n't get me wrong , just a bit of a downer .
 I can not fathom how this novel only has a rating of 3 stars . It is an exceptional book that well demonstrates the genius of Charles Dickens . Not only does it have suspense and charm of romance and adventure , but it delivers thematically a look at the hypocracy of wealth in Elizabethan England , and a philosophical perspective on the meaning of happiness . In the end of course there is the climax with every bizarre plot twist imaginable . It is true , this is not necessarily a happy one
 I 'm here referring to the Oxford World 's Classics edition , published in 1999 . Firstly , I love the book itself . It 's compact , the pages have a soft , easy feel to them , and the print is a welcome size
 Great Expectations , a book that Dickens ironically considered as one of his `` little pieces . '' Though it is small compared to other works by Dickens , what this novel lacks in size it makes up for in quality . Great Expectations succeeds beyond almost all novels of its time in exploring the roots of character and moral behaviour . Charles Dickens makes the case for there being the potential for good and evil within everyone . Evil and sin follow from a combination of being self-absorbed and selfish . What is remarkable about the way these themes are handled is that they are clearly based on an assessment of human psychology , long before that field was established . The book is also remarkable for its many indelibly memorable and complex characters . Miss Havisham , Pip , Magwitch , Mr. Jaggers , and Estella are certainly some of the most complex characters ever created by Dickens.Though a novel founded on philosophic concepts , the story is full of action to keep the plot moving . An escaped convict , an attempted murder , and a mysterious benefactor all add to the sense of mystery that exists throughout most of the novel and forces the reader to continue . Murder , deceit , jealously , and revenge also help to hold the attention of the reader while Dickens explores the depths of human nature.As you read Great Expectations , raise your expectations -LRB- sorry , I could n't help myself -RRB- to assume that you will receive answers to any dangling thread . Every detail is important , if not to solve the mysteries of the characters then only to enhance the `` sense of place . '' Although the England described here is long gone , it becomes as immediate as a nightmare or a dream that you have just awakened from.This story by Dickens is a must-read and deserves five-stars .
 The great English master is at his best in `` Great Expectations . '' This is a story about loyalty , trust , and , this being Dickens , dark overtones of the human nature . One should not expect something for nothing , that is what this novel makes perfectly clear . Pip , who is the central figure of the novel , a good-natured boy growing up into adulthood , expects to be continously favored by fotrune and his mysterious benefactor who , he thinks , is acting out of the goodness of her heart . Along the way he meets a cast of character who represent the entire range of human nature
 I imagine many of the negative ratings are from high school students forced to read the classics , and this book is one of those undisputed classics . Why else would every student I 've talked to have had to read this book ? Me included.I must confess I did n't like it in high school . Dickens does have a way of writing elegant sentences conjoined by semicolons . A great editor would have told him frequent use of periods is acceptable.However , eight years later , while frustrated at my illiteracy in Japan , I was starved for great literature in English . I had gone through a couple of contemporary literature that always left me vaguely dissatisfied . I started reading my favorite author Jane Austen again , and picked up Great Expectations on a whim . What a difference those eight years made !! No one can touch Dickens ability to evoke an atmosphere . I felt I was right there with Pip in the foggy marshes , shivering before a menacing Magwitch . Or sitting around the fire of a small but cozy house while Joe was smoking his pipe and passing along nuggets of his own brand of wisdom . Or creeped out in Mrs. Havisham 's mausoleum of a mansion.In addition , the dialogue is so authentic you feel as if you 're eavesdropping on people 's conversations . Joe 's working class speech , Mrs. Havisham 's upper class diction , the lawyer 's dry speech all ring so true.Ultimately , the story itself is so carefully constructed , even after countless rereadings , the clues in this mystery of who Pip 's benefactor is are barely perceptible . And Dickens ' themes of human pride , ultimate humility , willfulness of character that only later realizes the consequences , and the six degrees of separation are priceless . Dickens ' championing of the working class pervades all his books , but in this one his affection for the working man is more personal . You really ca n't help but love Joe and his bungling dignity.Yes , Dickens can border on the excessively dramatic . But most of the time this drama works to pull you into a touching tale .
 Having seen the many reviews written by students , I must say that I would agree . In fact , they sounded like they could have almost been my students from the past . Overall , GE is well liked , but the major complaint most have is that the story line is too slow-developing . I think this is a fair assessment . Of course , this was the style chosen by Dickens since this book was compiled from serial form . How many people would claim that we ought to take a week 's worth of a soap opera program and turn it into a movie ? I doubt such a production would attract much attention . In the same way , a serial writer 's objective was to build mini-climaxes throughout the book , twisting and turning to get the audience to scream with anticipation , so that the next segment would sell . From what I understand , Americans could hardly wait for the shipments to get off the ships . They would purchase the newest segment and immediately dig in!If you are a teacher , I highly recommend showing the 4-hour movie starring Anthony Hopkins -LRB- produced in the late 1980s , I believe -RRB- . It is the best and most accurate of all the GE movies . This works really well in conjunction with the book , and it truly helps in the interest level for those students who are not as motivated as `` the readers . '' So go ahead and find out about the adventures of squeezable Pip , lovable Joe , the mysterious Miss Havisham , sweet Biddy , snooty Estella , and of course the mysterious Magwitch . I think you will be as surprised as I was when I first read it . -LRB- I 've read an abridged version four or five times ! -RRB-
 ... that is unless i have to . i had to read this book for my english class and it way surpassed MY expectations . i actually liked reading this book , it did n't bore me . even though it was long i still found myself looking forward to the next chapter . i found a lot of humor in it . Pip was a highly interesting character . out of all the books i was ever forced to read in my life this one is hands down the BEST BOOK EVER .
 Great Expectations by Charles Dickens is a superb book ! I must admit that it is a tad wordy and the details are overwhelming , but that just adds character to the book . My favorite characters were Estella , Biddy , and of course , Pip . Many poeple my age -LRB- I am 15 -RRB- have said that this book was a long and boring ramble . I thought it to be exciting and very funny . I especially enjoy the part where Joe visits Pip in London and he has no place to put his hat , so he puts it on the mantle . During their meal , Joe 's hat keeps falling , and Joe keeps picking it up . Finally , Pip gets so annoyed , he throws the hat across the room ! Great Expectations is a wonderful book and I recommend it to anyone !
 The readers first encounter Pip in the renowned scene with the convict -- `` growling , red-eyed , and desperate ''
 I think this book is so good , it does n't need to be explained . However , if you dispise this book , I emplore upon you to try the book on tape . After all , these books are meant to be read out loud . Happy reading !
 Dickens is a rare genius who succeeded in capturing vividly the manifold pains - physical , emotional , and moral - of childhood and the effect of these scars in the adulthood . As a result , his stories still resonates powerfully after so many years . On the weak points , Dickens tends to rely on remarkable coincidences to tie the plots together , and the psychological studies of his characters are not as sharp and profound as those of Dostoyevsky or Henry James . I also found the contrived happy ending very unsatisfying .
 This book is an incredible read . The main character really absorbs the attention of the reader . The plot is amazingly well done , you wo n't want to put the book down !
 Everyone must read this book . It is quite a story , but not for the weak of heart . It will make impostors change their ways -LRB- or at least know the extent of wrongdoings -RRB- and those who are earnest count their blessings that they are .
 This book shows alot of character and keeps you wondering what this little boy is going to go through next . charles dickens is a wonderful writer . This book should be made mandantory for all students to read while they are still in high school .
 More high school students should read this book . I loved this book , and I read last year as a freshmen . If you think about it , high school students can relate to this book just as they can relate to books written now . Even though it is written in older times and with `` big words '' does n't mean one should not read it and say it is boring and stupid . Many high schoolers can relate to Pip when he was bored with being a blacksmith because he got tired of doing it , because alot of times high school students sign up to do stuff that it turns out they do n't like or that they are tired of because they thought they would like it or their parents made them do it . Many high schoolers can also relate to when Estella makes fun of Pip , because they argue with siblings or that guy/girl who sits next to you in biology class that you do n't like but they still talk to you . Then when Pip gets his chance to finally become a gentleman , many high schoolers finally get their chance to do something they want . Once you read the first few chapters of Pip 's childhood and up to when he gets to become a gentleman , you are hooked . I personally loved this book . It was one of the only books I read in my freshman year of high school , and now I am glad that I read it . It was wonderful .
 This was a great book because of the way that he made it seem that you were there.Also because of the way he kept you on the edge of your seat , and the way that all the characters are all familiarized to each other makes the book good but hard to understand , except the way that he wrote it in Old English made it hard to read .
 I first read this book when I was 12 or 13 - ten years later I decided to read it again because I remember loving it so much . It was just as good the second time round.While not his best book -LRB- of the ones I 've read David Copperfield takes that prize -RRB- it is a thoroughly enjoyable read with larger than life charcters and , in places , Dickens ' trademark subtle , sarcastic humour . Add a great storyline and you 've got a great book.I can not believe that so many younger people are panning this book . Not being full of adrenalin-packed scenes does not make it boring ! Get an attention span!One more comment - while the recent film with Hawke and Paltrow was a good film in its own right , it lacks so much when compared to the book .
 I am 16 years old and this was my summer reading book . I thought it was pretty good . Just because you have to read it for school , do n't just discount it as a worthwhile book . Yes , it is long , but it DOES have a point . You have to keep in mind that Dickens publiched this in monthly installments in his magazine - so yes , it is long . But take your time and enjoy the story .
 `` Great Expectations '' is Charles Dickens classic novels that portrays the story of Pip , born into a destitute and poor family , with little hope for a bright future . We would expect someone born into his social class to remain in this position forever , without much hope for improvements . However , Pip surprises us when he has a chance encounter with Miss Havisham , an old , grumpy , widow . She 's obviously delirous , upset at men who have crossed her , and does take out some of her anger at poor Pip . But yet Pip is lucky behind his wildest dreams , for he is about to meet the beautiful Estella , and while this may appear normal , it is definitely not . And this is what makes `` Great Expectations '' a classic
 First of all , I too am a student forced to read this book for a Freshman Honors English class , and I fail to see how many people can call this book a waste of time . Sure , I know the language is a bit of a challenge , but that 's what a dictionary is for!Anyway , I have n't yet finished the book -LRB- I still have a long way to go , -RRB- for I 'm only on chapter 13 , but I had to chime in and counterattack what all of the rest of the whiney students have said . So far , the way Dickens portrays his characters -LRB- by means of language , description , and dialogue -RRB- seems ultimately realistic -LRB- it should be , considering it was written in the 1830 's -RRB- and there are many things throughout the book one has to come to love
 I never had to read Dickens in high school or in college ; so I decided to try this classic author . This book was extremely FUNNY ! Pip and Joe were particularly hilarious throughout the first half of the story ... Also , I understood the British writing more easily than I thought I would ! -LRB- Though for many of the dated words I had to use the Kindle dictionary . -RRB- I loved the characters ! The only reason I gave this 4 stars instead of 5 is because the story did go on a bit long near the end.But Dickens is a great storyteller ! Nicholas Nickleby is next for me ...
 Certainly one of the most famous of Dickens 's novels -LRB- right up there withOliver Twist -LRB- Penguin Classics -RRB- andDavid Copperfield -LRB- Penguin Classics -RRB- -RRB- , Great Expectations follows a familiar coming-of-age narrative as young Phillip Pirrip - better known as `` Pip '' - negotiates the rocky road to adulthood in early 19th century London . One of only two of Dickens 's novels that are written in first person narrative -LRB- the other being David Copperfield -RRB- , Great Expectations is a fascinating tale of ambition , love , regret , missed chances and redemption , topped off with an adequately ambiguous ending -LRB- more on that later -RRB- . Raised by his tyrannical sister and her kind , doting husband Joe , Pip is contented enough to become a blacksmith and live out his life by the misty Kent marshlands . That is until he is unexpectedly thrown into the path of two extraordinary people . The first is a convict , escaped from the prison barges offshore , a terrifying man who coerces the young Pip into stealing him some supplies from his sister 's larder . Stricken by guilt and terror , Pip complies . The second is the mysterious Miss Havisham , a spinster woman who employs Pip as a playmate for her young ward , the beautiful Estella . Estella is regal , snobbish and cold - naturally , Pip falls head over heels in love with her , despite the realization that she 's far beyond his status . Wretchedly aware of his own shortcomings , Pip yearns for a chance to make a gentleman of himself , and win the hand of fair Estella.And then , just as unexpectedly , fortune is thrown his way . He is informed by Miss Havisham 's lawyer that a secret benefactor has endowed him with great expectations , and that he is to travel to London in order to prepare for his future . The only catch is that Pip is forbidden from investigating the origins of his newfound fortune , although logic dictates that it must be Miss Havisham , who surely has designs for both Pip and Estella . Locked up in a house full of bitter memories after she was jilted by her lover , Miss Havisham is certainly one of Dickens 's most famous creations , with her own disturbing brand of revenge against mankind
 Dickens ' ability to turn a beautiful phrase is done complete justice by Michael Page . He delivers all that Dickens intends for you to find in Great Expectations , as though he was Pip 's shadow for those many years described in the story . This CD set is worth listening to ; I looked for chances to get in the car and continue the story .
 When his magazine , All the Year Round , began failing due to an unpopular serial , Dickens was forced to begin publishing installments of a story of his own . The resulting work , Great Expectations , was published weekly from December 1 , 1860 to August 3 , 1861 . This was his second semi-autobiographical work , but where David Copperfield was a confident expression of faith in middle class values , Great Expectations offers a bleaker view of whether those values will lead to happiness . In fact , Dickens own marriage had just come to an end after many unhappy years . Indeed he had recently changed the name of the magazine from the more bucolic Household Words . Despite , or because , of this ambivalence , Great Expectations became one of his greatest achievements.Pip , a boy of the marshes , is being `` raised by hand '' by his shrieking harridan of an older sister and her seemingly doltish husband , the blacksmith Joe Gargery . One day , while visiting his parents ' gravesite , Pip is accosted by an escaped convict who demands that he bring him a file and some `` wittles '' . When the convict , Abel Magwitch , is later captured , he accepts the blame for stealing the file and food before being carted back to prison.Shortly thereafter , Pip is invited up to Miss Havisham 's manor house to play with her beautiful ward Estella . Miss Havisham 's life came to a halt when she was jilted at the altar , all clocks are stopped at the hour of her betrayal , the feast lies rotting on tables & she wanders about in the decaying wedding gown . Estella is to be the instrument of her revenge upon men.Eventually , `` Great Expectations '' are settled upon Pip when a secret benefactor sets up a trust in his name and sends him to London to be educated and become a gentleman . Pip assumes , and Havisham allows him to believe , that she is his benefactress and that he is being elevated to a position that will make him worthy of Estella.As Pip rises in society , he leaves Joe behind , despite the many kindnesses Joe had shown him growing up . He becomes a shallow arrogant middle class climber . So he is stunned when he discovers that he is actually benefiting from the secret wealth of Magwitch , who made a fortune in Australia after being transported . Moreover , Magwitch 's unlawful return to England puts him and Pip in danger . Meanwhile , Estella has married another , a horrible man who Pip despises . Eventually , with Magwitch 's recapture and death in prison and with his fortune gone , Pip ends up in debtors prison , but Joe redeems his debts and brings him home . Pip realizes that Magwitch was a more devoted friend to him than he ever was to Joe and with this realization Pip becomes , finally , a whole and decent human being.Originally , Dickens wrote a conclusion that made it clear that Pip and Estella will never be together , that Estella is finally too devoid of heart to love . But at the urging of others , he changed the ending and left it more open ended , with the possibility that Estella too has learned and grown from her experiences and her wretched marriages.This is the work of a mature novelist at the height of his powers . It has everything you could ask for in a novel
 I listened to the unabridged audio tape version of this book narrated by Michael Page . It 's one of those deals where you listen to each tape entirely on the left channel , then play the whole tape again on the right channel to get the next part of the story . Which is kind of awkward , since you forget which channel you were on if you also use your stereo for music ; but these editions are probably the least expensive -LRB- by the hour -RRB- audio tapes you can buy.I think Dickens ' tendency toward exhaustive descriptions works a lot better when you 're listening to it in the car than when you 're reading it in print . I might never have had the patience to read the actual book while sitting in a chair , but listening to it in the car was pretty entertaining . Colorful characters , humor , suspense , unexpected plot twists ; I can picture a lot of it in my mind even now . A recommended story .
 Since a potential buyer might be wondering which edition to buy , I 've decided to give a brief review of the edition instead of one of the story.This is the 2003 reissue of the 1986 edition of the Bantam classic edition . This edition has the 1986 introduction by John Irving . It contains the Dickens classic in its intact form , with the original ending following it separately . It is 528 pages.When Dickens first wrote Great Expectations , it had a different ending . There are some who feel that the original ending is more in line with modern tastes , and that Dickens `` caved in '' by changing the unhappy ending to one that was `` more acceptable . '' Some feel that Dickens went too far in order to cater to his audience rather than stick to a literary standard . In the introduction , Irving discusses this issue among many others and suggests that Dickens was not so much driven by the audience as he was in touch with their lives when it came to inspiration . Ideas in literature may seem fantastic and improbable , but Irving points to events in Dickens 's life that would seem equally improbable had they appeared in fiction . He also mentions modern real life events that , if put in a novel a decade earlier , would have seemed impossibly unrealistic.Yes , Dickens was an optimist . But the new ending is not a `` happily ever after '' one so much as one that leaves the door open . I ca n't think of anything more suitable for a book entitled `` Great Expectations . ''
 I have now listened to three of the five available Dickens ' readings from Martin Jarvis and , whilst there are other fine readers out there -LRB- e.g. Robert Whitfield for Blackstone Audio Books and Patrick Tull for Recorded Books -RRB- , I truly do n't think there is a finer performer in this particular market.As Great Expectations unfolds through a vast range of character voices , Mr Jarvis ' obvious empathy with the text makes this an effortless yet utterly engaging way for the listener to experience the genius of Dickens , whilst Amazon 's price makes this item an absolute bargin.I can not recommend Great Expectations read by Martin Jarvis highly enough ...
 Over the last few years , every other book I 've read has been Dickens . This is , so far , my favorite . It is an absolutely brilliantly woven tale . Dickens was remarkably talented at creating characters that captured the essence of what makes us human to the point that he was able to create characters who are completely real , and might be found walking amung us today . If you are new to Dickens , this would be a great place to start .
 This is a classic story of unrequited love and growth . It teaches something to everyone who reads it . There is so much beauty and depth in this novel , it can not be put into words . My advice for anyone and everyone who will read this in the future is to treasure every moment you spend reading this book . Take every detail in and you will never regret the time you spent because it is entertaining and absolutely thrilling . There are a lot of twists and turns in the plot as well as the emotions in the characters and it literally brought tears to my eyes .
 I read this book in 5th grade and I loved it ! I still do . It is the best book . I think it is not boring at all and is very very very funny !!!! I think that everyone will like it once they get into it !
 I think that two clarificifactions need be made to edify those who thought this book `` sucked '' , and that the characters were `` insane '' . Dickens is exaggerating ! For example , there are hardly any people in real life like Jaggers , who do everything in such a business-like way . And yet he is very interesting and highly entertaining . And for everyone who thinks there were too many details
 Great Expectations is the story of a young boy , Pip , and how he struggles to reach the experiences of Estella , the girl he loves , as he grows up and matures . This novel , written by Charles Dickens , explains the disappointment of loving someone without response , and being unsatisfied with one 's life , because of having such high expectations that one can not meet . I liked the way that the author portrays the characters and the setting to give a resemblance of the theme . I was interested throughout the story , for it is gripping and unpredictable . I sincerely recommend this book to anyone who enjoys novels that one can relate to with a deep meaning . Also , to anyone that likes a challenge Great Expectations is an ideal book .
 When a game of leap-frog goes awry , young Pip Maplethorp 's father is killed.With the family crumb-winner out of the picture , Pip is forced to travel to London where he finds employment as a Governess to the Lingus family -LRB- whose daughter , Constance , taunts him with cries of `` you 're lost - lost in a Fog of Lag ! '' -RRB- . On day , while gathering pond scum , Pip meets and befriends Dr. Wetherbee . This chance meeting provides the book with one of it 's few moments of comic relief , as Dr. Wetherbee repeatedly strikes Pip about the face and head with a cricket bat that he affectionately calls `` Trevor '' . I wo n't ruin the book for you by telling you what Pip sees behind the potting shed that makes him no longer desire to be a Pediatrist , but I will tell you that , after reading that chapter , I never looked at pudding the same way again . I predict that this book will have resurgence in popularity and soon everybody will be saying , '' Is that your Dickens in your hand ? ''
 This is Dickens ' greatest novel , and one of the best of all time . Full of some of his most memorable characters , such as Magwitch -LRB- convict with a heart -- or liver -RRB- , Miss Havisham , Pumblechook , Jaggers , Wemmick and more . From the opening graveyard scene to the final confrontation between Pip and Estella , you 're hooked , laughing and crying . Pip is the Dickens character with the most psychologically realistic growth , and is therefore the author 's most sympathetic hero . Wonderful plot , wonderful description , an absolute must . I highly recommend the Bantam paperback because the introduction by John Irving , `` The King of the Novel '' , is just as extraordinary in its own way . It 's a superb , personal , passionate defense of Dickens that has affected me as much as any of Irving 's best novels .
 While reading the reviews that others had written , I was amazed at how many people did not like this book . Maybe if you were n't so rushed into reading this book , you might actually enjoy it . Some of the reviews may stop you from reading this book , but I am telling you to read it . It is very descriptive , has a wonderful plot , and a great author . Ignore the other reviews because this book is clearly a classic and will ALWAYS be a classic .
 Yes , it 's hard to believe . Not a page is wasted . There are no digressions and few apparent digressions ; the story - admittedly a long story - is swiftly and cleanly told , and it contains all the character growth , suspense , and frippery that one could reasonably ask of any story . This is DESPITE the fact that the book has all the virtues of any Dickens novel . The languge is , as usual , witty and a delight to read - in fact , more so than usual
 An undeniably solid book . I can certainly identify with Pip , but it was , at times , drab . Maybe if I had n't been forced to read it I would have enjoyed it more .
 I coulda thought there would have been a better ending , but it does n't really matter . Mrs. Dooley gave us a really easy test over it , so I do n't really care , because we spent a whole 3 weeks reading this book .
 Love Great Expectations and love Charles Dickens . Would recommend this book to anyone . I read it in school and am reading it again .
 It is fifty years since I read this book at school . I thoroughly enjoyed reading it again and was able to relate the work to the world around us
 I had a chance to see the film several times . I really loved it . It is a bitter-sweet love-story of a boy with deep feelings . It is not an easy-to-read book , not everyone will like it . It is much better , than the film I also like .
 I 've always wanted my own set of classic books . These could n't be more beautifully bound . They really are beautiful . I absolutely urge you to buy this book if you 're on the fence about it . It 'll at least at some visual interest to your library if you do n't plan on reading it !
 I read this because my son had to read it for his 9th grade english class . For a younger reader the language can be difficult , so I helped him as much as I could . I thoroughly enjoyed the story though ! I like Dickens ' since of humor as well as the way he kept you hanging on wondering just how this was going to end . As we get farther and farther away from the lifestyle of the 1800 's I think it is important to look back and see what life was like before technology . I also enjoy the British take on things . I do n't always &#34; get it &#34; until I re-read it a time or two , but the humor is there . -LRB- SPOILER ALERT ! -RRB- I actually thought the ending was sad until my son pointed out that in class they considered the fact that when Pip &#34; saw no shadow of another parting from her , &#34; could mean that they were never seperated again . Duh ! Like I said , old language and another time !!
 I loved this book . However unlike others , this one keeps things somber . It is not some frilly romance novel but a little more realistic with many twists and turns .
 I am thirteen and chose to read this book from a list for school . The story is good - but the writing is in really old english style and it takes forever to read . I barely got it done in time to get my report finished by the due date -LRB- finished sunday and the report is due tuesday . I had three weeks ! -RRB- However , the story line is really good and it comes together in an interesting way at the end . There were also a couple of exciting parts and unexpected twists to keep you somewhat interested .
 this story is timeless . Could have been a Greek Tragedy . The image of ms backhand , waiting ... Moves me . Excellent work !
 Excellent book . Great tie in of all the characters and relationships of each to the main character . I preferred the author 's original ending .
 This book was surprisingly funny , but I went into not really knowing what to expect beyond that it 's a `` classic '' . The plot revolves around the rise of a young man , Pip , in society due to a mysterious benefactor . The subplot of Miss Havisham in her lonely house is creepy and introduces us to Estella , the love interest of Pip . At times the writing felt antiquated and I had to reread some passages to get the gist of the meaning , but it was fun to feel sort of challenged as a reader .
 This was not an easy book to read but had a good story line from a great classic author . I did n't get to view the movie on PBS so I read the book instead .
 I have undertaken to read as many classics as I can , and this one is one of my favorites . Very dark and rather depressing , to be honest , but still a great book .
 This was a tale of intrigue in that the twisting intermingling of characters gave forth to romance and human tragedy .
 A great classic . I just ` have to have it ' on the Kindle Fire . Like a familiar leather shoe !
 Great Expectations Saw the movie and loved it so figured the book had to be better.I wanted to read it for years
 My daughter needed this book for school and the weather was too bad to go out and look for it . We found it on Amazon and had it shipped to us . It was delivered sooner than expected .
 Nice story , interesting characters , language is a little old fashion , but all and all a good read . Author shows great promise . .
 Excellent book . A little difficult to understand some of the old English terms but quite enjoyable . I wish I had read this in high school .
 One of my favorite books of all time . A love story with a twist and very well conceived but the author . Great book . .
 My objective is to read as many of the classic books as possible . I found this book to be very hard to put down and kept me wondering what was going to happen next .
 Beautifully binded book . Exactly what I was looking for . Makes my collection of books look really nice . And Dickens is the best !
 I love the way this book was printed.I want to buy all my books from Vintage Classics.The words in the book are n't super small so its easy to read but theres still room to write on the margins and at the bottom of pages.The story line is kinda slow but it gets good.This book is one of the five most often referred to on the AP literature exam.Good Luck too other APers
 The book is one of Dickens ' greatest masterpieces , a true classic amongst many from this extraordinary 19th Century novelist & historian . The Amazon edition is well laid out , clear as a bell and a pleasure to read . Five well deserved stars . If you love this book you 'll adore `` Tale of Two Cities '' and `` Bleak House '' .
 I loved this book . I. thought it was a book I may have read in highschool but realized I had missed out . I wastotally surprised at how much I cared about these people and all they went through just to survive day to day .
 Good book . Purchased for summer reading reguirement for high School . Will keep for next kids coming up through those classes .
 Service was great and received the books quickly . My duaghter is reading this book for school and the price is better than other websites . Print is a bit crowded on the page , but you ca n't beat the deal . Would definitely purchase from this seller again .
 I have enjoyed the work of Charles Dickens since I was a girl . There were some of his writings that I had either read and forgotten or not read at all . This was the case for Great Expectations . I will re-read in the future .
 This came at indicated . I was going to get it for my Ipad but it is for my daughter for High School and so she would need to take it each day to school so I got it at the end of school and it was a great price .
 My first Dickens and not my last . I love the way he writes , I love his wit and imagination . The twists and turns in the last third/quarter of the book are fantastic , keeps the page turning . The rest of the book is just a pleasure to read , beautiful . Pip 's early behaviour really got me angry , he was pompous indeed , but I still loved him .
 How nice to reread an old classic as an adult , instead of in the classroom . A wonderful novel of Pip who comes into his `` great expectations '' via an unknown benefactor -- who he believes to be Miss Havisham . We see how the influence of money and position affect Pip 's relations with his family and former neighbors , and not necessarily for the better . There are lots of surprise twists and turns in the plot , especially about Miss Havisham and her adopted `` daughter '' Estella and her true parentage.As always , a Dickens novel is peopled with wonderful and unusual characters that eventually all play a part in telling the story . I understand that there were two endings of this book published . The version I read had only one ending and I do n't know which one it was . I will have to search out another version of this book to see which I liked best .
 My grandad recommended I read this . I will admit to being very skeptical on the first few pages . I had to read and re-read some of the passages quite a few times to undesrtand what was being said through the old english slang . However , once I passsed that , I found it to be a touching and very interesting story.It is filled with some of the greatest characters ever created in literature.Along the way you will find many truths applicable even in today 's society and Dickens expresses it in way unique to him.Dickens has created one of the most beautiful novels ever written
 I loved this book . When my teacher first told us we had to read it I thought I would be bored . Boy , was I wrong . It was a little hard to get past the dialect , but what a great story . Dickens did a wonderful job with the characters and how all their lives are somehow connected .
 From the moment I discovered that `` Great Expectations '' was a mandatory book to read in many high schools I thought that I belonged to those happy people on whom , by good luck , it had n't been forced in their teenage years . I do not think that even if it had , the novel would n't have brought me pleasure later , when I grew up , but my past experience with it would have certainly impeded taking the book in my hands again . There is little doubt that in many cases high school stifles the willingness to read literature -LRB- not `` bestsellers '' , however -RRB- when young people are confronted with such serious and complex works as `` Great Expectations '' . The situation with `` Great Expectations '' is similar to that when a high school student is forced to read a fairly technical textbook on contemporary physics
 What can I say that has n't been said already ? `` Great Expectations '' is a tremendous novel from the introductory paragraph to the final sentences . The plot is deep and intricate , and there 's even a surprising plot revelation occuring late in the book about the origin of Pip 's wealth and opportunity in life . The characters are all well-defined and inherently interesting , and such major characters as Pip , Estella , Joe , Miss Havisham , and others vividly live in the mind . Even minor characters such as Mrs. Joe and the Aged Person are memorable and amusing . The novel 's storyline , beginning with Pip 's early childhood and ending in his late middle age , is epic in breadth . `` Great Expectations '' treats the reader to a delightful plot and scene for all of its five hundred pages.Even better , however , is the brilliant prose Dickens gives us in the novel . It is humorous , moving , touching , witty , clever , and always perfectly phrased . Never for a single second does the reader feel bored . Like many great works of literature , there are plenty of moments where the writing is almost awe-inspiring in its beauty and language . With a talent as great as Dickens , one could write about almost anything and it would be tremendous reading . When paired with the brilliant plot of `` Great Expectations , '' it feels almost heaven-sent . Many readers see the term `` classic '' on a novel and feel that it becomes a type of chore , and add it to a laundry list of literature that somebody felt would be good for them . `` Great Expectations '' is a classic , but it 's not at all the literary equivalent of medicine . It 's a delightful treat , and a quick read despite its length . I ca n't imagine reading this and not treasuring it . It is , quite simply , fantastic .
 I studied this book for 2 years in high school and never really read the book itself until a month before my super majorly imprtant exam . Up till then , i was surviving on cliff notes and whatever my tutor said . I had tried to read the book at least a hundred times but fell asleep after the first page.I give this book 4 stars for the fact that dickens is such an AMAZING writer . i 'm not saying this coz its a classic . after studying this book for 2 years , you get to know the structure , the language , the relationships between the different plots and sub-plots . and i was BLOWN AWAY by the BRILLIANT way dickens tied everything together . SIMPLY AMAZINGI admit , it IS a tiring read . but like what another review said , Great Expectations was meant to be read chapter by chapter , one per week or soemthing like that . the book i read came with a timeline which shows the publication of each chapter.I do recommend this book . just make sure that you 're really really awake when you 're reading it . pay attention to the details e.g. how the atmosphere reflects the different characters stuff like that . Read it once . and read it AGAIN . i swear the 2nd time you read it , everything will become clearer . Read it a third time and you 'll notice how Dickens pulls the novel off . pretty intriguing .
 I know lots of people will flay me for saying this , but this book has a lot of repeat value . I could read it every year , for five years at least without getting bored doing it . I had read the abridged version in school , and a year ago i had seen the movie -LRB- featuring gweneth paltrow and ethan hawke -RRB- . I liked these so much that inspite of knowing the story i bought the unabidged version and was plesantly surprised how much i enjoyed it . Both the movie and the abridged version concentrate only with Pip 's relation with estella . The book is infact much wider in its scope . For example Pip 's relation with Mr.Pocket fills more pages than that with estella.Charles dickens surely spins a superb yarn of pip , his ambitions , desires , weaknesses , and pureness of character which is so entirely credible and believeable that it seems like an autobiographical account told in the third person . This inspite of the novel containing eccentric characters like miss havisham difficult to find in actuality . Another important contribution of this novel is to portray the relation between pip and estella . Its extremely difficult to say what exactly it is . Infatuation ? No . It was the very soul of his existance without which he could not exist . It lasted from childhood till the end . Love ? Unlikely . He was torturing himself in her company and this can hardly be called love . Hatred ? No . Vengence ? No . On miss havisham 's part maybe but not on that of pip or estella . There 's no answer forthcoming . Just when we thought we were intelligent and mature enough to understand relationships Mr. Dickens comes along to tell us to start from kindergarten once again.I found Mr. Dickens style of writing quite modern . Of course there 's an influence of the times he lived in but the novel has a very modern tang . In fact if the means of transport were cars instead of horses , there was electricity instead of candle light and so on , making only such cosmetic changes the novel would definitely seem to be written very recently . I just realised - the movie proves this .
 I must admit , this review is slightly prejudiced . I am a high school student , and I read this book for fun . I had tried to read Dickens before , but found myself having a hard time ploughing through the complex vocabulary and intricate parlor dialogue of Hard Times . But I decided to take another stab at Dickens , perhaps with something a little more palatable . All of Dickens ' novels , I realized at the end of Book I !! , are VERY , VERY SLOW -- AT FIRST . Then Dickens decides to play on his own soporific introductions !!!!! There is a crucial turn in events for Pip , and the book takes off . Every few paragraphs , there 's another handhold so to speak , to keep the reader 's suspense and to keep the plot building . Both the language and the many interwoven plots are delectable and unavoidably magnetic -- your hands just ca n't seem to put down the book , no matter what you do . This book has it all . It also helped me understand why I hated reading the Odyssey for English . -LRB- Translations always lose some of the vivacity and fullness that the author has pumped his or her very original work full of , and it is this fullness that made the work so great in the first place . -RRB- It is a long read , and you have to be willing to be patient with the beginning . But it 's definitely worth it . And the more you read , the easier it gets . After reading this book , I feel inspired to read all of Dickens ' works !
 When I found out I had to read Great Expectations , by Charles Dickens for school , I was extremely dissapointed . I had already read A Tale of Two Cities , and absolutely hated it . Students in other classes had read Great Expectations and not liked it either , so I figured I would not enjoy it either . But I decided I would read it anyway , because it is considered to be one of the best books of all time . The books starts out fairly slow , and it takes the reader a few chapters to get used to Dickens 's writing style , for he uses an abudance of description . He was paid by the word so he had incentive to do so . For those who are able to survive the first few chapters , they will enjoy an extremely lovable book and not be dissapointed . The book is timeless , with the basic story line being one that has affected almost everyone sometime in their life ; falling in love with somebody who does not return the feelings . Pip , the main character , falls in love with an exotic and beautiful girl , Estella , but of course she does not have any feelings for him . So Pip does everything he can to win her approval , and most importantly her heart . It is hard to skip around in the book . While some passages might seem as if they have nothing to do with the story , they do . Everything in the story is tied together somehow . Skimming the book is not going to help . Certain events and people the reader thinks are insignificant or forgot completley , will appear over and over throughout the book . I am glad that i decided to read Great Expectations , despite the negative remarks from peers . I found out that most of them never made it past the first few chapters , so they missed out on the good parts . The only reason I did not give the book a higher score is that parts of it are slow and dry , but stick with it , you will not be upset .
 Dickens takes you on a ride that will keep the reader enthralled throughout . Prepare to be sucked into the story and become very attached to the wonderful -LRB- yet dreadful -RRB- characters of this novel .
 I am a very hard reader to impress , but i have read this book twice ! How this book was written was superb ! I find the charactors to be so well develoed and I felt like I was in the stort . Loved it !!!!!
 This is a priceless piece of history that reads excellently on my Droid device . This book has a tale that never gets old .
 Great Expectations has always been my favorite by Dickens . The characters are timeless and the plot twists keep the reader engaged throughout .
 Worth re-reading as an adult . This was mandatory reading in middle school . Nobody of that age could get the full story with all its nuances at that age . It 's like reading a new book . What a wordsmith Charles Dickens was .
 I 've seen several movie versions of Great Expectations but had never read the entire book until now . I 'm happy to report the book is even better than the movies . Love all the wonderful , witty dialogue and especially the sweet relationship between Pip and Joe . This ebook was free but well formatted and edited .
 This is a wonderful opportunity to read the classics , this book by Dickens gives us an insight in the life of the under privileged in older times . the way Kindle works is great because it has a built in dictionary which becomes very helpful .
 Everywhere I went while reading this book , I heard , `` You 're reading Great Expectations ? I love that book ! It 's one of my favorites ! '' Which led me to have great expectations about it.Of course , now , after finishing the book , I see where having great expectations can lead ... how one could and should find happiness in one 's own backyard or enormous TBR stack ... I 've given away the plot here , but this book is so much a part of American high school life that I ca n't be giving away much . How did I get through high school without reading it ? My hs English teachers chose the heartbreaker , David Copperfield , so it 's not my first Dickens . I can see that Dickens can tell a story . Who would n't love this book ? It 's the Harry Potter of its time .
 This is such a good book in so many ways . It 's funny , I could n't get through it as a kid , but now I 've really enjoyed it . Charles Dickens writes these characters that seem so alive . He describes them so well , their little mannerisms , that that part alone fascinated me . Pip 's perception of them felt really spot on for a kid . He was definitely put upon to some degree , but much of what he felt was horrible behavior toward him by the adults was really stuff that 's common to every kid . It reminded me of how I felt sometimes toward relatives and friends of my parents , all of whom I like now , and I both laughed and felt horrified to realize it . Anyway , very very enjoyable read .
 This was a Book Group choice , but I really enjoyed reading it . I had seen TV productions before , so it was great to read the original and see how it compared . Many people love or hate , but I loved it .
 I was forced to read this book in high school and hated it.But I find going back to some the old classics and re-reading them very enjoyable.And best of all they are free .
 Hi , Great Expectations is probably -LRB- besides David Copperfield -RRB- my favorite Dickens novel . I read it when I was a child , and having been re reading it ever since . It is told through Pip , the narrator . His voice is clear and realistic.The reader feels for him as if he were a real person . Miss Havishman is a sad character and her disappointment in love is very understandable . Mr. Jaggers the lawyer is sharp as most lawyers ought to be and are . I felt for Magwitch , Pip 's benefactor . And I understood Pip 's feelings towards him when they meet again after many years , Estella is not my favorite character , but she learns to be a better person . Charles Dickens is , needless to say , a timeless writer , one of the very best . Eugenia RenskoffDifferent Flags
 Charles Dickens , Great ExpectationsDickens tells an intriguing yarn , creates suspense and amuses us with a range of eccentrics , friendly such as Wemmick or Herbert Pocket , or macabre as with Pumblechook or Jaggers . As in David Copperfield , he gives us strong and often threatening women , like Betsy Trotwood , and here Mrs Joe . Both of these semi-autobiographical novels begin with a shock to a child that reverberates through the rest of the action . Both are seen from the dual child-adult perspective ; both belong to the Bildungsroman genre . Both have been repeatedly adapted for stage , screen and radio drama , and yet both have their weaknesses of characterisation and narrative tedium.Several decades ago it was not unusual to find a Dickens novel as a set text for public examinations . Today this would be unheard of
 I read this book when I was in high school . I love the challenging text and needing to look up words sometimes . If you do n't like doing that , this is not the book for you .
 I had never read Great Expectations in school , so when I saw this available for Free , I downloaded it . It is very long , but did not disappoint . Great story . I 'm sorry I missed out on it all these years .
 Love it ! Still love it and will continue to love this timeless story . Now i am sharing it with my kids .
 This is on the list of books I wanted to keep in my mobile library - another one from the classic collection . I did not want to put this one down until I was finished ...
 Anything by Charles Dickens is great ! This story is interesting , historically-based , contains such creative names for the characters , and fun to read .
 This is the great and very interesting book to read.So for your great experience , pls . try it as soon . : - -RRB-
 This classic was all I thought it would be & more . Descriptions wonderful . Characters stay with you . Dickens moves a story along in his own unique way.GKE
 ONE OF THE GREAT CLASSICS . MANY TWISTS & TURNS IN THE PROGRESSION OF STORY . A MUST READ . HOLDS YOUR INTEREST THROUGHOUT .
 English not being my native language , I never had to read Dickens in high school . I decided to try Great Expectations as my first introduction to the great English author , on the recommendation of a friend of mine . And I was not disappointed!That said , I had a bit of a difficult time at first getting used to Dickens 's use of language , and I found the first part of the book a little hard to get into , but I did n't have to struggle too much or for too long
 ** This review is a synthesis of the three Charles Dickens books that I 've read : A Tale of Two Cities -LRB- Penguin Classics -RRB- , Great Expectations -LRB- Penguin Classics -RRB- , andDavid Copperfield -LRB- Penguin Classics -RRB- . The rationale for reviewing in this manner is to provide a foundational point of reference for those new to Dickens ' work.In the last two years I have read , in this order , Tale of Two Cities , Great Expectations , and David Copperfield . All three of these books were exceptional reads , and if you are thinking about dipping your toes in the waters of Charles Dickens you ca n't go wrong with any of them . However , notwithstanding the fact that these three books are all in the upper echelon of world literature , I have no difficulty in distinguishing between them and coming to the conclusion that they are properly ordered , from `` most best '' to `` least best ''
 Many people scoffed this book back in my freshman English class , because it was Dickens , and Dickens meant `` boring '' to them . However , shrug off the normal tendencies to stereotype an old-time classic to be a bore , one can find a true delight in this beautiful story of a young man struggling with an impossible love , the pressures of money and society , and , of course , himself . It is an excellent , absolutely enriching read .
 This is certainly one of my favorite books . It 's about a boy named Pip who struggles to find his own identity . While struck with unfortunate circumstances , Pip remains resilient and continues his struggle in becoming a `` gentleman . '' Truly a Brittish classic , it has been called the unofficial autobiography of Dickens and it can be easily called one of his best works . The novel is filled with symbolism and characters that come to life as you read the pages . This book still graces my shelves and I look forward to reading it again . I recommend you pick it up and rea it too .
 Perhaps the greates novel I have ever read . Not only enjoyable but contained relevan lessons for my life - you ca n't escape who you or where you come from by changing your circumstance .
 Like several of the people on this review page , I had to read this book for a 9th grade English assignment . Unlike most of the people in my class , I read the whole book and liked it . The book is about a young English boy named Phillip `` Pip '' Pirrip living in 1800s England . He is the son of a blacksmith and then is invited to play at an old woman 's house . The impression Pip gets from the old woman and her daughter is that Pip is n't good enough . From then on , he grows up and tries to get better for his life after getting a fortune , but things go downhill from that as he gets deep in debt and becomes ill . This book is by no means perfect and has plenty of flaws . The book is way too wordy and could probably be half as long as it is and still get a good point across . I also felt that the ending of the book was a little strange , but overall it was an okay book and I was not bored with it at any point .
 ... the defect of almost all the movies -LRB- except , perhaps , the 1989 version with Jean Simmons as Miss Havisham -LRB- ! -RRB- -RRB- is that the movies emphasize Pip 's pursuit of Estella to the exclusion of almost all else . In truth , the core of the story is Pip 's class strivings and his inability to distinguish the valuable from the shiny and superficial . Read the book and you will appreciate the character Biddy who is the polar opposite of Estella in every way , and the way , to paraphrase Othello , Pip `` threw a pearl away richer than all he yearned for . `` Some of Dickens ' characters and coincidences are a little stretched , but they nevertheless are woven together very nicely in the fashion of a good suspense novel . Great Expectations is divided into three volumes , each representing a phase of Pip 's Expectations . The structure is strangely like `` The Monkey 's Paw ''
 This is another book which is forced upon unsuspecting high school students . With many younger reviewers giving this classic 1 and 2 stars shows that this novel will not be appreciated by most studetns . If you hated this book in high school I recommend picking it up again after college.This novel follows the protagonist Pip , from inncocent boy , to dreaming adolecent , to proud gentelman , and comes full circle to the disullusioned adult . Tha characters he meets along the way are some of the most memorable in english literature , especially Miss Havishham , Estella , and Magwitch . Dickens also treats us , about half-way through , to perhaps the best twist of any novel I 've ever read.The only thing I at first disliked about this novel were the bizarre coincidinces which caused seemingly unrelated characters to actually have close histories with each other . But I reconciled this for myself in the following way
 Charles Dickens ' Great Expectations portrays the life of the protagonist , Pip , and how he begins as a mistreated orphan and transforms into a gentleman with a mysterious benefactor . Set in the mid 19th century , Great Expectations is a novel with a surprising plot that keeps its readers guessing . Its ' intriguing story line and interesting characters keep the story light-hearted and humerous , but Dickens ' dreary descriptions and gloomy details bring also a sense of sadness and compassion to the novel . Aside from the novel being time consuming , indepth , and in great detail , Great Expectations is a classic novel that all should read .
 Though someone stated you have to be over 21 to appreciate this book -LRB- and I am 21 now -RRB- I first read this story when I was 14 years old , in 8th grade , and understood -LRB- and loved -RRB- it right away . Why ? As an adolescent struggling with popularity -LRB- the modern , teenage equivalent of the English class system -RRB- and unrequited love , I immediately identified with Pip . Furthermore , the romantic atmosphere was completely intoxicating , from the vast marshes to the city of London ; though the narrator describes it as disappointingly crowded and dirty my sense of the city from this book was much more elevated . I also admit I was helped by the updated Classics Illustrated comic book version of the book , which I peeked at now and then while I was reading Great Expectations -- despite my aversion to revealing the ending before I reached it in the text -LRB- eventually , I succumbed to my temptations -RRB- . If you can find this -LRB- probably -RRB- out-of-print illustrated version of the story -- not sure what the status of Classic Illustrated is these days -- make sure to buy it . But to return from my digression , the novel is where it 's at . Dickens ' impeccable imagination creates an vivid sense of place , an unforgettable cast of characters -LRB- including the ultimate romantic ideal
 I 've read many , many books throughout the years , in a wide variety of genres . Periodically , I try to stretch myself by taking on works that I might not otherwise gravitate toward . Sometimes I am rewarded ; that is how I discovered Hemingway and Vasily Grossman -LRB- much to my delight -RRB- . However , I generally read for pleasure and will never be considered an erudite literary critic ; in other words , you wo n't find me reading Shakespeare.I recall reading A Tale of Two Cities in high school and to my recollection , enjoying it . With that in mind , I was determined to give Charles Dickens another shot , with the knowledge that if it were to my liking , there would be a wealth of material at my disposal . That is how I came to read Great Expectations.The novel centers on young Pip , an orphan taken in by his domineering older sister and kind , blacksmith husband . Pip is destined for a life as an apprentice blacksmith , a member of the English lower class , until an encounter with an escaped convict radically changes the course of his life . For you see , young Pip harbors `` great expectations '' and a life far beyond that set before him . With the help of an anonymous `` sponsor '' , Pip begins his journey toward life as a gentleman.When reading Dickens , Tolstoy , and even more so Shakespeare , the first hurdle is becoming familiar with the language , the style of writing and the idioms and terms used by writers of the era ; even more so with Dickens , where he routinely spells words phonetically when spoken by Cockney British commoners . Somewhat offputting at first , the reader soon becomes comfortable with the style and is amply rewarded and entertained.Having read numerous novels from the period , I was well familiar with the British class system on the mid-19th century , but nowhere is its rigidity more apparent than in this work . Within days of attaining a sponsor , young Pip completely removes himself from his former friends and relatives -LRB- both geographically and socially -RRB- , even expressing embarrassment for having been associated with them . There are several story threads that work themselves together nicely near the end of the novel.Having become reacquainted with Dickens , I fully expect to sample more of his work .
 First of all -LRB- as I like to say ! -RRB- I 'm no smarter than you and I thought this book was great , that said , this book is not THE easiest to read in that it does take a while for things to get really interesting . I rated it 5 stars because it is excellent but you need to have some patience with this book , in the end it is much worth the effort ... and keep me updated !
 I decided to read Great Expectations in order to challenge myself -- In the past I 'd tried reading classic literature and was a little disappointed -- and quite unexpectedly found my favourite book , perhaps my favourite writer.Great Expectations is at once profound and a joy to read , and its characters will stay with you long after you 've put the book down . Finally , I understand the term `` great literature '' .
 Read it , no matter what , no matter if you have to read a page a day for two years , get into it and you wo n't be able to put it down and then you 'll think , that reviewer was right I love this book . It was the best book that I read in my junior year , it was n't required reading , BUT IT SHOULD BE ! And Miss Havisham and Estella ! After reading about the endless virtues of Lucy Manette in a Tale of Two Cities , I found those two very refreshing and intriguing and completely unexpected . Read the book , love the book , accept the book and all of its truths , and then name your cat Pip .
 I read this novel for my freshman english class and I thought it is one of the best ! It has such a strong story line to it . I thought it was an excellant book and I recommend everyone to read it . It will give you a whole new prespective of love , family , and yourself .
 It 's rather amusing to read some of the comments -- obviously written by people -LRB- i.e. teenagers -RRB- forced to read it for sophomore English class . Hating `` Great Expectations '' is kind of like hating Beethoven , Shakespeare , or Monet
 This has to be my favourite Dickens novel . In fact , I would go so far as to place it alongside Flaubert 's `` Sentimental Education '' and Dostoevsky 's `` Brothers Karamazov '' as one of the great novels of the 19th century . I am astonished by the number of one and two star reviews even though they do appear to come mainly from high school students being `` forced '' to read the novel for English class . Judging by the spelling mistakes and grammatical errors which proliferate these submissions , Dickens is not the only thing that they 've had trouble staying awake for . In addition , it is ridiculous to suggest that Dickens 's novels were so lengthy because he was `` being paid by the word . '' His books initially appeared in serial form as books were very expensive in the Victorian era and he understandably wished to avoid precluding large sections of his target readership from being able to sample them . The fact that some current `` readers '' find this novel `` too long and boring '' is , I believe , a sad reflection on our media saturated society where a two-second attention span is rapidly becoming the norm .
 Why , in God 's name , do high school teachers insist on stuffing this complex novel down the throats of their teen-aged students ? Because the initial chapters are narrated by , Pip , a little boy we watch become a young man ? Because there are pirates and bad guys in it ? Because there 's a sort of love story ? I 'm sure some high schoolers understand GREAT EXPECTATIONS but the majority of them ... I do n't think so.GREAT EXPECTATIONS contains many complicated , adult themes and issues that adults will surely appreciate . A virtual encyclopedia of human emotions -- fear , child abuse , anticipation , disappointment , love , jealousy , manipulation -- this greatest of all of Dickens ' novels has everything . And all these ingredients are woven into an incredibly entangled plot , full of twists and turns . On top of all that , the novel is also a virtual encyclopedia of the layout and attitudes of Victorian London.Holding it all together is Pip 's incredible perceptions into his world and his emotions . Never before had there been a character so aware of his feelings and , still , because he is human , he allows these emotions to sometimes compel him to do the opposite of what is right and best . Pip does sometimes behave like the child and young adult he is , but that does n't mean this novel is suitable for anyone of that age.Rocco Dormarunno , author of The Five Points
 Great expectations is an extremely wonderful book!this book starts talking about a boy named Pip.he is trying to live up to everybod 's expectations of him while trying to live his own life.Pip was born an orphan.his older sister adopts himand thats how his sister is admired for bringing him home and raising him . she was married to joe her husband . this story really starts off when Pip meets the convict on the old church graveyard on the hill of the marshes.The convict told Pip to bring a metal file , pork pie and a meat bone . The convict was very thankful . from that day on Pipd id not tell anybody about that day . His sister later on dies and he meets a girl named estella . estella was adopted by miss Havisham . Pip loved her but miss Havisham taught her to hate all men.This book is a wonderfully good book . I would recommend this book for children ages 13-21 . It is an arduous book for some readers but it is aninteresting book to read . I love books that Charles Dickens writes . He is an awesome writer . If you like to read about romance , deception , horror and drama then this is the book for you .
 I must admit that beyond my initial attraction to the novel 's title I made several attempts over a period of years to settle into the story but could not get past the first several pages . There are many things to throw off potential readers to aged classics like this one , not the least of which is Dickens ' choice of character names such as Pumblechook , Wopsle and Magwitch , which I at first found absurd and annoying . However on a recent attempt I made it as far as chapter 10 -LRB- of 59 total -RRB- when it dawned on me suddenly and unexpectedly that I was hooked and that there was no turning back.The unabridged version is not something one can breeze through in an afternoon , especially considering that it requires the development of a certain skill to absorb Dickens ' narrative style , much as it is with the often difficult prose of Henry James . Some parts read very fast while others are tortuously overwritten creating a virtual standstill as the eyes glaze over and one starts to look for good reasons not to throw the book against the wall and pull out tufts of hair from one 's head in frustration - a good editor would do this book no injustice but I am not going to recommend the abridged version because most parts are not to be played with . But as is the case in life , our accomplishments must be earned , and so I will make this promise to those contemplating reading this work
 I spent a whole term going over this book in freshmen English class . It is an overall good book , full of interpritations . There are many symbolisms and allusions . However , it is important to remember that this book was originally a serialization , as it came out every week in the paper . There are some parts when Dickens drawls on with his plans , events , ect . However , there are scenes that are very fast paced and action filled . The overall plot is a young , naive boy of about ten lives with his sister and her simple husband named Joe . However , Pip is given a secret benefactor and is thrust in the life of nobility . Pip is tangled in his probelems of leaving Joe behind and his encouters with the shallow -LRB- and I mean SHALLOW -RRB- Estella and the wicked Miss Havisham . Dickens is a master with characters and the languege , but he does n't describe any everyday events . For example , Pip goes to study law , but thats all we know . In my opinion , it gives the characters this higher than life importance , and less real . But , if you take this book slowely , maybe a chapter a night -LRB- instead of the five I had to do -RRB- , you will definately enjoy this book .
 `` Great Expectations '' seems to be a term used to describe a young man with expectations of becoming a Gentleman . This is the story about a young boy named Pip who though considered poor , was raised as an apprentice in a respectable trade . When his parents died when he was very young he was brought up by his older sister and her husband Joe Gargery the blacksmith . Joe although a little slow , acts in many ways as a loving father and friend to the boy , and is more noble than any of the other characters in the whole book . His older sister however is n't as nice , and in the modern day world probably would have been brought up on charges of child abuse . -LRB- If this book was ever remade into a modern day movie I could n't think of anyone else I 'd rather see playing Pip 's older sister than Kathy Bates . I pictured her every time the character is mentioned . -RRB- Pip then comes into some money by a mysterious benefactor , and becomes an ungrateful little boy who looks down upon those he used to associate with and puts on airs . At this point , in my opinion Pip becomes a very unlikable character for most of the remainder of the book . He believes Miss Havisham who is a mysterious mean old wealthy lady is his benefactor and falls in love with her adopted daughter Estella . I believe this makes Pip look very shallow , since the only redeeming quality she seems to possess is her looks.Pip moves to London and is entrusted to a lawyer named Jenkins and his assistant Wemmick to teach him how to become a gentleman . The lawyer Jenkins , while unloving , is likeable , and in his own way noble . Wemmick who leads a double life is one of the best characters in the book . -LRB- I believe there are many people who would like to keep their work life separate from the home life , and can relate to this character . -RRB- Jenkins hires a tutor for Pip to teach him how to act like a gentleman . It seems that all the gentleman in this story do however is spend money . Pip and the tutor 's son Herbert who becomes Pip 's best friend then proceed to work themselves into debt.A pirate which Pip met in his childhood comes back into this life , and brings many changes . -LRB- The pirate Pip meets reminded me of the sea captain from `` Treasure Island '' , or the main character in the `` Count of Monte Cristo '' . -RRB- In the end Pip tries to redeem himself , and in some ways does.There are some plot twists and mysteries to solve . Some work out well and are pleasant surprises , others just seem unnecessary to the story .
 GE is one of the better books that I read in my illustrious high school education . The book threw me a little because of all the words Dickens used to describe every character right down to the tiniest little thing . Pip and Joe is a good pair of characters to have in this book , because they are so different and so alike at the same time . They both like to work with metals and Joe is a blacksmith and pip is his apprentice . They are different in the way that they act . Joe takes the brutal ness of pips sister , and pip does not . When pip starts to work for Ms. Havisham it shows his torture that he has to take from Ms. Havisham in the way of verbal bashings . Thought Ms. Havisham does not beat him unlike his sister does , she is a very cruel and malignant women . Then one-day pip meets Estella , she seems like a nice girl but in fact she is a very cruel women just like her grandma . This is the beginning of pips crush and then turns into a passion . Dickens then goes into the part of the story where pip finds out why she wants Estella to hate men . He finds out that she was left at the alter by her ex . This set a fire in her and that is why she hates men . Then pip returns home one day from work at Ms. Havisham 's house and he finds a lawyer there with Joe and some one gave him enough money to get a good education and a home . So he takes the money and pip goes to school in England and the story pretty much lost its importance after that , but pip does find out that the person who gave him the money was from the Escaped convict , he owned his own farm in Australia and he was rich from that . These are just some of things that happened in the book , to find out some of the finer details I urge to you read the book for yourself . It will give u a better insight into dickens writing also .
 Great Expectations was the greatest book that I 've ever read . The way that the book was put together always left you wanting to know more . The book was told by a young boy named Phillip Pirrup , that falls madly in love with a young lady name Estrella . He ends up being sent away to England to become a young gentleman , and strays away from the love of his life . A great deal of scandal goes on , and if I tell you anymore than you 'll know what happens , but I will tell you this . If you like a dramatic sope-opera filled with love , suspense , and action than you will find this book astounding . I can tell you I loved this bok , and I 'm sure you will too .
 I hated a Tale of Two Cities but I loved this novel . This typical Dickens , great characters , several plot twists , and a lot of description . For any one who has read everything by Dickens , I 'd suggest `` Titus Groan '' and its follow up `` Gormenghast '' by Mervyn Peake . They are fantasy novels but are extremely Dickinsian -LRB- though original enough to keep from being derisive -RRB- and in my opinion equal to any thing Dickins wrote and in better prose .
 Sorry for the nasty mean review . Totally uncalled for , caught me on a bad day . Everybodys different and everyone has their own opinions and just because someone else does n't like something is no reason to put them down . Its just frustrating because these kids reviews always say the same thing , `` this sucked '' , or `` this was boring '' and thats all they can say about it . But anyway , if thats the way they feel then I guess thats just the way they feel and nobody should write such nasty reviews or get mad for such a petty , stupid reason anyway . So , anyway , this is one of Dickens best , as I 've said before .
 Of all English writers , Charles Dickens is the champion of the genre of `` Bildungsroman '' , a department of fiction writing pertaining to growth and development of the protagonist . Dickens 's writings are darkly underlined by an all-dimensionsal illustration of aperson 's character and by an uncanny portrayal of childhood . `` Nicholas Nickleby '' , `` David Copperfield '' and `` Great Expectations '' have gone into the literary folklore as novels containing some of the finest amd most vivid passages ever composed on children 's psyche and indignified lives . Perhaps the author 's this ability to paint children 's woe stems froms his own abusive and disruptive boyhood and perhaps in several of his fancy 's infants , Dickens was actually trying to reflect his very own horrible childhood . `` David Copperfield '' is undoubtably his most personal and in certain fractions autobiographical novel but in `` Great Expectations '' , employing a compatible first person narrative method , Charles Dickens conjures up a very much real life character who , like David Copperfield , narrates the story of his life as he progresses through his childhood , errors of judgements and unseeming expectations to a tragi-joyous adulthood ; as he stives on in life with a plethora of illusions ; as he realises the moments of truth one by one . `` Great Expectations '' is young Pip 's story , a trajectory of his yearning to excel and drift away from the `` oncommon '' , a desire to be loved and respected in society , a not-so-uncommon craving to grow up and establish himself . For an orphan living in the country marshes in England and brought up `` by hand '' by his sister Mrs. Joe Gargery , Pip 's on ; y genuine friend in his early boyhood was Jor Gargery , the blacksmith -- also supposed by the central character to have been made to `` marry her by hand '' . But a sudden and apparently misfortunate meeting with a fugitive from the nearby Hulks -- and the consequent burden of guilt his troubled conscience has to bear -- a visit to the queer Miss Havisham 's and an unexpected deliverance of all his miseries all consire to Pip 's rise in life . The mysterious London lawyer and master defender of criminals Mr. Jaggers arrives one day to inform Pip that if he would , then he is entitled to excercise a proposition of going to London and studying and doing all he can to rise up in life and be an established gentleman with no cost from his side -- a mere boyish fancy of Pip till that moment . so marches on our gentle little gentry class boy to the city on te back of the notion that it was Miss Havisham who was actually his benefactoress and who had destined him and her adopted daughter , the cruel , unforgiving and heartless Estella , to be together . And thus begin young and inexperienced Pip 's trysts with harsh realities of life.In a novel that essentially figures around human expectations and failures through the tame medium of words , Pip 's story is massively apt for the enlightenment of this theme . Pip is found to be a real-life character leafed out of life 's own text book and not an imaginary effigy of fairy-tale gratifications , which David in `` David Copperfield '' in some stretch is . He 's an ordinary person with extraordinary aspirations but as he moves on in life , he learns about himself and this personal growth is exquisitely and relistically portrayed by Charles Dickens . Indeed it 's in a great city like London where truth dawns upon Pip , truth that demolishes all ethereals about life , about riches , about Miss Havisham and EStella , and most important truth of them all , the truth about himself . Pip runs into debt , makes several mistakes , is broken down and broken apart by an illusory love and endures fits of remorse , which punctuate his entire existence arising out of a marked ingratitude towards Joe and Biddy , his friend from his old school . His only means of moral salvation from this quicksand of sin is te hearty relationship with Herbert Pockets , his best friend and companion in all his catastrophes . Actually in Herbert and his father , also the tutor of Pip , Charles Dickens creates two characters dissolved in innocence and ignorance with no big aims for money . When all of Miss Havisham 's near and distant relatives are coaxing her to milk her fortune , the Pockets are the sole remaining figures to brush aside such ideas . This is one of Dickens 's numerous tricks as a writer to subtlely show that goodness can still be glimpsed in an otherwise sadly denudating world.Charles Dickens is believed to have gone through his work `` David Copperfield '' thoroughly before writing `` Great Expectations '' but even so on certain occasions , the reader does decipher resemblance between these two high acclaimed novels . The shape of Pip 's path i life does n't bear that great degree of difference with these two popular fictional characters are often found to merge . Miss Havisham is reminiscent of Betsy Trotwood 's resentment towards the male society , only more elongated and elaborate ; in Pip 's detest of Drummle and his love for Estella , the reader catches a fair glimpse od David 's own contempt towards Uriah heep 's lust for Agnes ; Mr.Pockets and his family 's fiascos and innocence bear a certain kinship with those of Mr. Micawber 's ; and Pip 's deep friendship with Herbert reminds the reader of David 's relationship with Traddles . These similarities could blot Dickens 's claim to unprecedented imagination power or may strangely prove that life of one is often intertwined with aanother 's . The first person narrative technique used to describe Pip 's story in this book too is n't without some strong criticisms . The opinions and witty contemplations formed by Pip of people both is his marsh country as well as in London from an early stage in his life render the reader musing as to how his innocent and delicately humorous conjectures could suddenly be transformed into something satirical and concrete . Are his views constructed on the spur of the moment or are they being built now as Pip stares down the years and pens down his history ? If the latter be more inclined towards the truth , then it definitely distorts Pip 's authenticity as a writer and his memoir is left somewhat ineffective with misleading overlapping of the past and te present.Certain detractions are not so difficult to eke out from `` Great Expectations '' really but flaws are a regular parameter of any work of literature . The genius of Charles Dickens is never in doubt in this book as the reader discerns the author 's accustomed mingling of humour and dark pictures in a book that promises life as it is . Dickens 's obsession with wit and humour is revealed in the features of Mr. Pumblechook and Mr. Wopsle and in incidents such as the latter playing Hamlet on the stage . That when perceived from te swift flow of narration perfectly complimented by the dialogues and conversations and punctuated by moods of reflections makes the book instantly appealing . The caricature of the marsh country is another point of revelation of the author 's informed and classy state . The world of Dickens is one of individual identities and aspirations , where all characters find their own proper places . And this world is n't a big one but a narrowed and trimmed realm of compulsive non-overlapping characters all fuctioning significantly in the due course of Pip 's realisation of the world and its intricacies.The most beguiling factor in providing Pip 's tale a touch of realism and in turn making the novel more touching and endearing is the evident defects in his character . He feels remorseful at his ingratitude towards his poor and `` common '' family ; he is exasperated at the return of his `` old convict '' years later and in his refusal to address him not as Magwitch , his real name , but as Provis , his assumed name , he subconsciously admits denial of his own humble past . Pip is n't mature enough to handle his own humble past . Pip is n't mature enough to handle his own present either , and time and again has to rush to Herbert and wemmick , Mr. Jaggers 's assistant , for solace and help . As illusions fade one by one and emotions of al sorts jumble up together in Pip 's life , he 's found to portray at least fractions of our own lives . `` Great Expectations '' is vastly a cofession of a dilapidated soul whose expectations in life are not without unforseen twists and turns . This is an immensely moving tale of a young man 's ineptitude and discontentment told in restrained sentimentality , empathic ruminations and glittering descriptions . This classic is a gem for any literature lover , where Charles Dickens ; s authority as a writer is amazingly deft .
 Dudes . You got ta read this book . It 's totally awesome.Charles described the people and places so well , it 's like its real and your there with everybody.Pip and Estella 's love story might be the greatest love story in history . Greater than Rhett and Scarlet . Greater than Romeo and Juliet . Greater than Spiderman and Mary Jane . Yes , it 's that good.Sure , there are plenty of movies , but none do it justice . Its like the Scarlet Letter . You 've got ta read it .
 There are two main sorts of novel - those that end quite happily and satisfactorily , with everything essentially `` working out '' for the better and most great problems resolved . The second kind is quite the opposite , an about-face , and of course `` Great Expectations '' would fall into the latter category . It 's only main tender-bellied spot for me to prod with critique would be the fairly obvious plot unfolding , even to someone unfamiliar with the story as I was.As so often happens with `` classics '' , in the end the main characters end up being one another 's long lost aunts or cousins , fathers , daughters , stepmothers , caretakers , lovers , or perhaps the cause of misery to one or many , of course all unbeknownst and hidden until you happen to stumble in on their story . That 's not really giving anything away , for those that are worried . And it is not to say that Dickens was unoriginal with this one , because it 's a fantastic read , but that he 's had better - even in the form of `` Oliver Twist '' . Those that like the happy ending should n't really be too interested . Those who like ... , intrigue - um , stay away too . The heart of this pup is dialogue and the torture of internal thoughts and personal dissatisfaction . The protagonist is poor , so desperately wants to be a gent and have `` expectations '' , ... The guy does n't get the girl . No real living happily ever after . But I do n't see why that 's necessary .
 Great Expectations '' by Charles Dickins is a really good book . I personally do not like to read but i truely enjoyed this book . Although the beginning is very slow and Dickins takes forever to get to the point many times , i found myself unable to put the book down at times . Great Expectations is a good book about loyalty , trust and fate . It also teaches you to remember your true friends and do not let wealth go to your head . The story is centered around an orphan boy named `` Pip '' . Miss Havisham is the woman who looks after and takes care of Pip . One day Pip is at the gravesite of his parents and the convict , Magwitch , asks him to help him out . Pip does help the convict out not knowing what Magwitch will do for him in the future.One day at Miss Havisham 's house Pip meets Estella . He falls in love with her but she does not return the feelings . In fact she is cruel and plays with Pip 's emotions . Despite the way he is treated by Estella , Pip never gives up on on trying to win her over.Later on , Pip is told that he has come into a great fortune from an anynomous benefactor . After he comes into all of this money he goes to London , England to study and become a gentleman . While he is in England he becomes somewhat `` stuck up '' . He treats his old friends like they are not as important as his new friends.While in England he finds out that Estella has married a man who he can not stand . He also meets up with the convict , Magwitch . Magwitch tells Pip how he is Estella 's father and how he is the secret benefactor to his new found wealth . In gratitude , Pip tries to help Magwitch escape from England , but while escaping the police catch them and arrest Magwitch and put him to death , while Pip 's money is taken away from him.Pip goes back to Miss havisham 's house and becomes friends with his old friends again . He also meets up with Estella there and after awhile the two marry.This book is well written in the way that everyone can relate to the subjects in some way.I really enjoyed reading this piece .
 Read the review from the high school student who thinks he 's a martian , and I think you 'll agree that most of the bozos who give this novel less than five stars are full of snot .
 This book was almost as good as A Tale of Two Cities -LRB- I read the two Back to Back . -RRB- It is a well done Dickens-style -LRB- obviously -RRB- story of a young boy raised in a poor environment by his sister -- his only living relative -- and her husband , a blacksmith named Joe . After visiting a very rich and eccentric woman by the name of Miss Havisham , the young boy named Pip is approached by a lawyer and is told he has `` great expectations . '' And that he is to move to London to be bread as a gentleman , when after a certain period he is to inherit a large sum of money . The story goes on to London where he is brought up , and leads to some very interesting twists . The tale is well told , and enjoyable if you are fond of Dickens -LRB- while I appriciate Dickens . . I admittedly do not like `` A Christmas Carol , '' so keep in mind that if that is the only Dickens you have been exposed to , give him a try through one of his major novels . -RRB- The character of Pip is a very sympathetic one , and his faults are all to scarily human . This novel covers great , surprise , assumption , and other noteworthy themes . A good classic read .
 I liked this book because it kept me wondering what was going to happen . When I was reading it I did not want to put it down.I wanted to know more about this book.I will recomend this book to anyone who likes to read .
 my 14 year old daughter needed to read this book for one of her classes . she did n't think she would like it , but she ended up loving it . my 17 year old son is also reading it now and he also really likes it .
 I love listening to it . It is beautifully done . Voices are expressive and understandable .
 Some audio books are unlistenable , with inept hammy actors mucking up the text . I recently had that experience with one of my favorite books , HUCKLEBERRY FINN , which was so appallingly read by a horrible ham , I would have thrown the CDs out the car window if they had n't belonged to my local library.This GREAT EXPECTATIONS is probably the best `` book on CD '' I 've ever heard . Michael Page reads Dickens ' great novel beautifully , giving each character exactly the right voice without ever sounding phony , hammy , or exaggerating or over-emphasizing anything.Page makes every sentence perfectly clear and delivers each line of dialog just right . His virtuosity in scenes with several characters talking at once is truly wonderful . I 've never heard of Page before -- is he an actor ? -- but he certainly deserves an award for his brilliant performance reading this novel , one of the crown jewels of English literature .
 My biggest complaint concerning many audio books is that they 're poorly narrated -- often in monotone , or with one character 's dialog sounding much like the others . Not here though -- this version is expertly narrated . Like other Dickens audio books , it is probably a little advanced for young children on a long car trip , but most teenagers should be able to enjoy it unless they 're dolts .
 I highly reccomend this book to anyone interested in reading the classics . I first read the story in high-school and immediatly fell in love with Dicken 's eloquent style . His descriptions of Pip 's surroundings , emotions and experiences never fail to capture my imagination and tug at my heart . Dickens can be very tough to read , but also very rewarding because you know that you are enjoying a piece of literary genius . Great Expectations provides a nice into into his style and prepares readers for his more challenging stories.The story is long , and detailed but extremely captivating . The characters are complex and the mystery will keep you turning the pages . Even if you 've never considered reading Dickens before , read this one !
 Hopefully , the review by Nick of Cleveland wo n't scare lovers of classic audiobooks from this masterpiece by Charles Dickens and Brilliance Audio.My wife and I have listened to audiobooks for years . Our interests have spanned multiple genres , including mystery , fantasy fiction , sci fi , humor , and classics . Bar none , this performance by narrator Michael Page ranks as our gold standard of audiobook narrations . The text and characters come alive exactly , I 'm sure , as Dickens intended.Very , very well done !
 Great Expectations is an amazing novel that truly upholds the style of literature found during the Victorian period . Although some parts are the book were less adventuresome in comparison to other sections , the book over all was quite pleasant to read . If you like a little thrill and narratives that grasp your attention and have huge climactic endings , then Great Expectations is for you !
 This by far is my favorite book . It 's a timeless classic and one everyone should read !
 Without a doubt this has to be one of the greatest novels of all time . I wo n't say it 's the best just because once a work of art attains greatness I find it quite incomparable to other great works . Great works are ones which have fully succeeded in expressing the emotions and convictions of the artist , and without a doubt Great Expectations acheives this . Unfortunately I only hold this view of the book containing the original ending , which was not the originally published ending . -LRB- spoiler -RRB- The original ending at first seems sad and frustrating , but one ca n't help but to feel satisfied in knowing that through suffering Estella had gained a heart , which is much more than she would have gained through a cold and heartless relationship with Pip . The happy ending which was published is almost a fairtale ending and it perverts the themes which make the novel so relevant to reality . I must admit , like Dickens ' friends and publisher , the original ending was hard for me to swallow , but as I dwelt on it and how it related to the novel , no other ending seemed appropriate , especially not a happy one .
 Well , i have read all of the previous reviews , and it is apparant that people either love this book or hate this book . I was 15 when i first read this book , and have since read it again and it is probably my favorite book of all time . Yes , it is rather boring at times , and yes , it has a long , involved , and confusing plot , and yes , Charles Dickens gives very tedious descriptions of everything . But the morals and meanings portrayed in this book far outshine the faults . If you can not find them , then it will most likely be boring and dull . If you can , it will probably become one of your alltime favorites .
 I simply loved this book . The characters are so rich , and the story so intricate and well written , I found it engrossing from beginning to end . I loved how the author explored Pip 's journey of the desire and love , which really lives in the heart of everyone . This is a `` must read '' for those wanting to catch up on all the classics . I have not read much else of Dickens ' work , but this story is a masterpiece .
 As I complete my reading effort of Charles Dickens ' Great Expectations I feel both satisfied and enriched . This book is outside of the genre I usually read and I am greatful for having taken that leap into the unknown . The satisfaction came from a story that was not only told well but one that ended well . There , in my humble opinion , is nothing worse than experiencing a story only to find that the ending is not truely a completion . Each character and plot line is seen through to its end ! The enrichment came from an insightful journey through the trials and tribulations as well as the successes and failures of these well developed characters . This adventure turns from a tale of successes and achievents to one of self realization and personal fulfillment through Mr. Dickens ' skilled hand.Nothing is perfect . The story starts slowly . The reader must stick with the book to understand the fact that the beginning of the story was not simply necessary , but a foundation that supports and grows the story like no other introduction could . Some of the descriptions of places or things I found to be exporbitant . This leads to great character development but also to some tiresome chapters . As with any work of literature written durring the time period this book was written , the language is trivially dated or old.I would , and do recommend this book to my friends as one that will not simply pass the time but provide enjoyment !
 I read this book when I was a kid and I still remember Pip and Estella . Amazing depiction of characters that stick with you and linger even after finishing .
 I was an avid reader , but somehow things changed in my life , but thanks to my Kindle I am getting back to reading . With the Kindle reading is now convenient . Sorry for the plug , but it is true . I have read many of the `` classics '' in high school and college literature classes , but somehow missed this one , among others . I did watch the movie many years ago with my wife , and it was good , but of course , the book gives you so much more.Do be warned , this is not a high adventure action-packed read . It is simply a good story well-told . I was surprised to read so much to get so little , in the sense of reading many pages to find out so few or minor details . I continued to read as much and as often as I could to get through this book . It is a great story even if I think it could have been written in half the pages.It is classic for a reason , do yourself a favor and read it if you had not . I hope many high school students do not have to read this book , as it is something beyond their typical capabilities because it does not move quickly and is not too exciting . I think it is more a college level read .
 Much easier to read and get into than A Tale of Two Cities . Dickens has such a sense of humor and an honest look at life . I liked the characters and I could n't put it down towards the end . Did you know that there were actually two endings to this book ? SparkNotes discusses the two endings in detail so if you 've already read it and want to see what the other ending was , check out the SparkNotes .
 Sometimes I wonder what is wrong with reviewers when they give great classics , like this one , low ratings . I guess it 's just a case of `` too each his own '' . I 'm sure there are some books that I would think were terrible that others rave about . Having said that , I loved this book . I do n't know why it took me so long to read it . I 've been reading a lot of classics lately - mainly classics that my son is reading or will have to read for homeschool this year . For some reason I thought this book was on his list , but later , after I was in the middle of the novel , realized it was n't . No matter . I 'm very glad that I read it . I was surprised by how involved I became with the characters and the book when I was reading it . I could n't put it down . I thought a book by Charles Dickens was going to be dry and boring . How wrong I was . I actually found myself grieving with the characters . I would be happy with them and angry with them when they did something that was , in my opinion , wrong or ill-advised At one point I actually found myself having a down day but could n't put my finger on it until I realized I was at a point in the book where Pip was depressed . Some of the language and unusual expressions that are used in the book can be difficult , but , if you are a fairly well read person , you should be able to do fine . Great book !
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book . I 'm not sure how I got through school without reading it and I 'm sure I would not have enjoyed it as much in my student days . However , it truly is a wonderful peek into human nature at its worst and at its best .
 This being the first novel by Dickens , i did n't know whether i would like it or not . I was pleasantly surprised at how much i did like it . Usually the books that they force you to read i do n't enjoy . Although this was never forced on me during high school , i know it is a popular book on high school curriculum . I found that i loved it and has become one of my favorites . I really liked the storyline and thought the characters were enjoyable . I will definitely have to pick up more of Dickens ' works.SPOILER
 Dickens could put in some really cool surprises for the plot through his books , and this one is no different . When Pip learns who his benefactor is ... whoo ! I suppose some of the surprises could be predicted if you read enough , but it still makes for an interesting story , and especially good for the time it was written in.I remember reading this many years ago . This may not appeal to people who do not like ` old-fashioned writing ' , and yes , this book is different than many of the ` easy ' novels you will find today , it is still a solid and die-hard classic with a cast of good characters and a story with enough twists and turns to keep it good . Charles Dickens wrote many fine books , and this is definitely one of them .
 This book truly shows how well written a novel can be.I read this book for school , for all those who are having to read this book for school , I reccomend reading it beforehand because not doing so means finding the book dull and unnatractive while answering all the tedious questions that can ruin a book .
 I was quite disappointed reading this book after having read David Copperfield . Although both books bear some resemblances , the plot in Great Expectations is much more condensed and simpler . The story is again the orphan-boy-who-gets-away-from-home-in-search-of-a-happier-life . The plot , however , is much less intricated than it is in David Copperfied . There are fewer characters -LRB- and fewer pages ! -RRB- in this book . That caused me an impression that the story is not as feasible as it is in David Copperfield . Some things seem to be rather unreal or fantastical . There are some qualities , however , that remain the same as they are in David Copperfield . The narrative , the characters descriptions and their surprising behaviour keep the reader up to the last page . So this is my advice
 i have read the book twice once last year for my teachers book report and this year for the 9th grade merit english classes . These reviews on here only describe parts of dickens story so if you do have to read this for 9th grade read it do n't take the short cut because the teachers will know and when you have a test on the book you will FAIL !
 All right . I admit it . The book starts out slow . Dickens , though I love the man , writes in such flowery and long winded language at times . What takes many authors a line or two , Dickens will devote whole pages.And I almost put the book down for that exact reason . I 'm very happy I did not.With so many detailed threads in the story , the depth to the characters -- when they all start to blend together a few chapters in , the result is page-turning . The story centers around a young boy -- well , almost young man -- named Pip , and revolves around his growing into age . You can not help but love the boy . Much of Pip 's worry and concern I could relate to -- falling in love with a girl who refuses to return your sentiments and only plays with your heart , growing up and leaving home for the first time , and discovering your true relationships with others and yourself , as shocking as they may turn out to be.I felt as if I was side by side with Pip through it all , and that made the novel a wonderful experience for me . I recommend the novel for the young because so much relates to them , and also for the older readers -- because you can experience it all again.A wonderful and heart warming tale . Just get through those first chapters .
 I had to read this for my AP English class . At first , it did n't catch my attention , but to my english teacher 's urging -LRB- Mrs. Brodmerkel -RRB- I read on . Actually , if she was n't there to explain each chapter after we had read it , it would n't have been As good . This was a great book , and I think everyone should have to read it . There are so many different social conditions that still pertain to life today . Dickens does well in making this novel timeless .
 I had to read this for my AP English class . At first , it did n't catch my attention , but to my english teacher 's urging -LRB- Mrs. Brodmerkel -RRB- I read on . Actually , if she was n't there to explain each chapter after we had read it , it would n't have been As good . This was a great book , and I think everyone should have to read it . There are so many different social conditions that still pertain to life today . Dickens does well in making this novel timeless .
 I like the book `` Great Expectations . '' I really like this book and many lessons can be learned from it.Pip handles most of his situations pretty well except for at the end.From the first time he saw Estella he knew she was his love and he never gave up.I thought it was neet how the convict helped Pip after Pip had helped him.I also thought it was cool that all through the book you think Pip 's benefactor is the old lady , but at the end you figure out it is the convict.I dont really like the fact that Pip 's aunt beat him.I also thougth it was pretty low of Estella to treat Pip how she did , and yet he would do anything for her.It was kind depressing at the the end because you know Pip wont get Estella.I also thought it was mean of Pip to just desert Joe after all he had done for him.When the convict gets caught at the end it is kinda sad because you just dont think he should.Anyone would like this book if they were into realistic fiction .
 I have always been an avid reader , always in search for a book that would enlighten and ispire me . Great Expectations by Charles Dickens fulfilled this . It is a compelling story about a young man who through a series of circumstances meets a beautiful yet cold hearted girl named Estella . The book follows him through his adolence an adult years . To me this book still hold very true today . It tells about love and how time may not heal all wounds . And also about how some people are manipulated , as Estalla was , into living out others lives .
 Great Expectaitons by Charles Dickens is a good book . I recommend to anyone who enjoys reading realistic fiction books . It captures you from the second you open the book wntil you put it down . It has humor , action , and romance in it . I enjoyed reading it beacse the plot was good as well and the character 's personalities .
 Great Expectaitons by Charles Dickens is a good book . I recommend to anyone who enjoys reading realistic fiction books . It captures you from the second you open the book wntil you put it down . It has humor , action , and romance in it . I enjoyed reading it beacse the plot was good as well and the character 's personalities .
 In my opinion , Charles Dickens remains the writer who defined the art of characterization in the 19th century . This novel contains a bevy of characters that the readers will find unforgettable . The haunting figure of Miss Havisham has stayed with me since my 10th grade literature class -LRB- almost 30 years ago -RRB- and my recent rereading of the novel brought her horrid existence into full view again . The plot has twists and turns and although I found myself having to stop reading and letting certain episodes sink into my understanding , the beauty and scope of the writing is truly remarkable . As a young student of Dickens , I resisted the long descriptions and difficult dialogue and I do n't remember loving the book when I read it the first time . As an adult , however , my admiration for the novel is undeniable .
 I read Charles Dickens 's book Great Expectations . This book is about a young boy named Pip . Pip lives with his older sister Mrs. Gargery who is married to a black smith named Joe . Early in the book Pip meets an escaped convict that was on the run . He may not know it yet but the convict will have a lasting affect on him . When Joe finds out about the convict he asks Pip to help the police catch him . After a quick battle the convict and his partner are caught . Later in the book Pip meets Miss Haversham whose cold ward Estella Pip adores . An unknown person pays for Pip to go to London and become a gentleman.Charles Dickens is a wonderful writer . The Great Expectations is a great example of Dickens writing power . Moby Dick and other books are just as well done . I enjoyed reading the Great Expectations it was a long and detailed story of adventure and affection . I hope you enjoyed reading it too .
 I can only agree , a great book that is very nicely done and is easy to read . I like it , it is simply a classic everyone should have read !
 This seems to be a very nice copy of the book , it is easy to read in its big font and looks nice aswell . : -RRB-
 Yes , Dickens was paid by the word when writing this.Yes , this is a big bookYes , if you were forced to read it in school , you probably hatedYes , if you read it on your own at or after age 25 ... you probably loved it.I for one , thought this book was great , sure it was wordy , but it was not wordy in that `` what the heck is he trying to say '' way that gets many other wordy books -LRB- Crime and Punishment - though I blame the translators for that one -RRB- . Short Summary
 I agonized through this book in HS and have recently breezed through it . About 30 years have passed in between.What I was most struck by in my second reading was how relevant the story was to our own times . Child abuse and emotionally damaging relationships , celebrity lawyers , prison reform , the dangers of easy credit , how easily a person can dispose of their past identity . Dickens wrote about this 140 + years ago but he could have been writing about the present day . Yes , a reader has to warm up to the 19th century language , but once that happens , the characters and their emotions are so authentic and fully developed . I found myself so annoyed at Pip in the middle of the novel , I almost put it down . How could I possibly care about such an obnoxious young man . But I did care and cared more and more deeply as the book wound down . Pip 's transformation was convincing because the reader sees how it occurs in small increments . In the end I took a deep breath and thought to myself , well , Pip , you finally grew up . It may not be the best book to force teenagers to read , but I hope mature readers will take it up and find the treasures inside .
 This is an incredible masterpiece of storytelling . Charles Dickens is witty and intelligent . He creates characters that you are able to warm to and he is able to sculpt a brilliant plot . Without putting in any spoilers i will let you know that the main character PiP , definitely got what he expected ! and he learnt something in the process - that character is far more valuable than status - even the status of being a gentleman !! ''
 I was brought kicking and screaming to this story thanks to high school English Lit requirements but it ended up being my favorite of the term . I loved and hated various major characters strongly which is why I just could n't put it down until I was finished.I 've seen film versions since reading this book and I 've never seen anything live up to the experience of the text . This is a classic to add to your home library .
 I ca n't give this book enough praise . I read David Copperfield after , which was supposedly Dickens ' most belove character , but I enjoyed GE much more . You wo n't be disappointed .
 This is Charles Dickens ' version of the poor kid fantasy . This is almost a fable , I would say . This is the kind of story that you hear over and over growing up in poverty . It is almost in the category of Robin Hood , but this is the real thing in the flesh and blood . The old man in the cemetery scene still plays over and over in my mind . I should have read everything written by Charles Dickens by now , but yet I have n't . I started A Tale of Two Cities a little while ago and I have it on my night stand . I think that I 'll get back to it tonight . I do n't know who beats Dickens in superb phrasing and style . He is the Master.Richard Edward Noble - The Hobo Philosopher - Author of : `` Honor Thy Father and Thy Mother ''
 This book was not as interesting as some other books that I have read . Some of the chapters were confusing and is in need of some clarification . But then again , there are many unseen connections that are made . But overall , it was interesting and much like a soap opera with some dull moments .
 Great Expectations is the most amazing book I have ever read . Charles Dickens ' eloquent language enthrawls you and keeps you reading on . I have seen how some people find this hard to get through ; I was 12 when I read it and I understood it perfectly and loved it . Others think it is too long - this just gives you more to enjoy . I also had to read it because I was told to -LRB- for school -RRB- and I just read with enjoyment without focusing on every little detail like others have -LRB- which in my view is the reason for their disliking . -RRB- This book is a classic which must be read . Words can not describe the quality of the book . Take my advice - purchase a copy and READ IT !
 This book at the beginning seemed to me a little boring but as i read on it got really interesting . So much irony and so many twists is what really kept me on the edge of my seat . This is one of those books that you look forward to the end but when it comes you sit back and wish there was more . It really makes you think about yourself , society , and the world . I HIGHLY recommend this book .
 There really are n't words for this book . The characters were as lifelike as possible , the plot was intreeging , and the writing was supperb . I am only 12 , but I found this book to be one of the best I have ever read .
 Great Expectations is one of the best books I have ever read . Dickens provides the reader with a great story and a wonderful mistery . His presentation of the identity stuggle within Pip is , at the lack of a better word , marvelous.Everytime I thought I had the story figured out , I was presented with a jaw droping event that got me even more interested.I would recommend this book to anyone ! It 's worth taking on your next trip to the beach . Cheers !
 Being a fan of Charles Dickens novels I can honestly say Great Expectations is his greatest work . The characters are unforgettable and the story which starts out slow in the beginning grows very quickly . The book is about life , living and the disappointments that come with it . The novel seems to have a very sad and uneasy tone throughout it . And if you have right version of the novel you will be able to read Charles Dickens original ending for this novel . Its very sad and disappointing to the reader but you cant help saying to yourself that the ending fits .
 O.K. lets face it . im in fourth grAde . this is a very good book , but its hard.im akmost half way tttthrough it . its been a challenge .
 A word I hear spoken often today is
 Love it ... Love it ! I have been trying to find the book , but I guess an electronic copy works better since I will forever own it on my kindle !
 Enough has been said about the book itself by others who are far more qualified -- I 've read it and I like it . I 'll speak to the edition itself , because formatting of Kindle books -LRB- especially free ones -RRB- can be very hit and miss . The illustrated Kindle edition by Top Five Books is easy to navigate , formatted well , free of errors , and contains a variety of illustrations . It is free , and there is nothing about this version that recommends choosing an alternative .
 Great Expectations is widely regarded as one of Charles Dickens ' finest works and I have to agree ; it is one of my favorites , second to A Tale of Two Cities . The story of a young boy 's growth to manhood , and his rise to unexpected prosperity and subsequent fall , is strongly written and captivating . Great Expectations captures the attention from the first page and , unlike some of Dickens ' other works , it never has a dull moment . Like all of Dickens ' works , it is peopled with a large cast of unique and quirky characters whose relationships to each other , as the story unfolds , end up being as intertwined as a plate of spaghetti . Some of the scenes and characters in Great Expectations are downright bizarre ; the scenes involving Miss Havisham and the Pocket family felt distinctly Alice in Wonderland-ish in their weirdness.What makes Great Expectations so strong is the main character , Pip . He is that rarity among Dickens ' characters , one that has depth and more than one dimension and mood . He tells his own story and , as an adult reflecting back on his own childhood and adolescence , he reveals his own youthful selfishness with a poignancy that surely every listener can connect with . Have n't we all been Pip , selfish and unappreciative of the goodness of others and unworthy of their admiration?I did not listen to this particular audio edition , although I know that Brilliance Audio produces top-notch audio books and Michael Page is an excellent narrator . I highly recommend the edition I listened to , produced by BBC Audio . It is a no-frills production , but the narrator -LRB- Martin Jarvis -RRB- is outstanding . He truly has a gift for voices -LRB- I especially loved his rendition of The Aged -RRB- , and adds color and personality to the story .
 I enjoyed reading this book in high school and also enjoy watching one of the old B&W ; movie versions if it happens to come on TV . So I decided to read it again ; and I still like it . &#34; Moths and all sorts of ugly creatures hover about a lit candle . Can the candle help it ? &#34; One of my favorite lines of all time ...
 The way the story started just pulls you to know more to know where it is leading . A great book by a great author
 Decided to revisit this great book as an adult ... soooo glad I did ! Thank you for making it available for free &#60; 3
 When I ordered this book it was my absolute first time ordering anything from Amazon ! I was a little hesitant on whether to get it or not . But I went for it ! The price of the book definitely convinced me . When I got the package I was satisfied with the product ! I would recommend it to anyone !
 I just recieved it and this is an unabridged version , it depends on the seller your buying it from because some sellers sell abridged versions so watch out and choose wisely . But my copy was an unabridged copy , I 've heard my friends said it was abridged , but this is unabridged so be assured . I bought it and this is a satisfactory copy and remember DEPENDS ON YOUR SELLER , their are abridged copies of this type so watch out but my copy was unabridged .
 A great , epic , tale . Lovely to have easy access through Kindle , and much lighter weight than carrying around the original hard copy variety .
 A classic ! This was the full story , unlike the money I wasted at Wally World on an abridged copy
 I love classic literature and this was a great find . The reader of this great work does a stellar job creating the character 's voices which adds so much to the story.I have enjoyed this very much and will share it with my family .
 Pip is an orphan . His nagging sister and weakling of a brother-in-law are raising him . He does n't have much , yet is compelled to help an escaped convict with food and drink . -LRB- More out of fear than compassion , mind . -RRB- He knows no other way of life , so he does n't expect anything ... until he meets Miss Havisham . Miss Havisham is an old recluse who still mourns after the man who broken her heart on her wedding day . One day , she invites Pip over to `` play , '' and that is where he meets young and beautiful Estella . The pretty girl intrigues and irritates him in equal parts . Proud and cruel , she makes him feel like a nobody . And that is how his desires to become a gentleman emerge . So imagine his surprise when a secret benefactor grants his biggest wish , a stranger with `` Great Expectations . '' Pip soon moves to London , abandons his old acquaintances for new ones , and reunites with mean girl Estella , now older and more beautiful . Will he be good enough for her now?Great Expectations is my favorite Dickens novel . Granted , I have only read this one and Bleak House -LRB- I 've also read A Christmas Carol and another novella of his -RRB- , but it is my favorite one of the two . This novel contains beautiful storytelling , lots of irony and Dickens 's signature eccentric characters and hilarious dialogue . This is my second time reading this after over a decade , and I enjoyed it more the second time around . -LRB- I enjoyed this as much as the other novel I read at the same time as this one , which , to my surprise , brought up Dickens and Great Expectations . -RRB- Pip is a wonderful character . He does , however , get on my nerves when he wants to be around people that to me are n't worth it . Estella is such a snob , a total beyotch , but I can see why Pip would want her to think well of him . One thing I 've always found interesting is that Dickens always depicts lawyers as greedy and callous . Bleak House illustrates this even more . Perhaps Dickens disliked lawyers . Could his father 's stay at a debtors ' prison have to do with this ? Well , one thing is clear
 As usual with Dickens , improbable coincidences abound . They are artfully presented however and Dickens does offer one or two surprises.For one thing , the novel is quite violent . Dickens graphically describes one character dying from burns . He presents a ruffian or two . Even one of the better gentlemen manhandles his maid.Also as usual with Dickens , we find a full cast of memorable well-defined characters . Mr Jaggers , the lawyer to beat all lawyers , and his assistant Mr. Wemmick who never mixes business and home matters , except under exceptional circumstances . We find Miss Havesham a wealthy but bitter spinster left at the altar years before . We meet Joe Gargery , a wise well-meaning blacksmith who lovingly raises Pip , the novel 's main character , taking him on as his apprentice . Pip leaves him when fortune mysteriously smiles on him . An unknown benefactor gives our hero a substantial income so that he may fulfill his Great Expectations and become a gentleman of means and of leasure.And there you have Pip in a nutshell
 My only real complain about this bookis that Orlick seems to be an annoying intrusion . Both of the `` Great Expectations '' movies I saw deleted the role of Orlick , and I ca n't say I missed him . Along with `` Oliver Twist , '' `` Great Expectations '' was one of my father 's favorites.Onto the text . Pip -LRB- who is still a child and a literary reincarnation of Oliver Twist -RRB- -RRB- has a frightening experience in a graveyard when the escaped convict Magwitch -LRB- kind of a literary reincarnation of Fagin -RRB- threatens him and demands a file and some food . When Pip goes to get these things , we meet his sister who is not so nice to him . Though her husband Joe is . -LRB- Undoubtedly , this tense marriage reflects Dickens 's divorce . -RRB- Moving on , Pip delivers the file and food to Magwitch who is of course grateful . sadly , Magwitch is captured , but he remains grateful to Pip.Later , Pip meets the tragic Miss Havisham . Havisham was left at the altar , and she never quite forgave the male sex for this . Interestingly , she has no concept of time . She has friends who visit her on her birthday , they do not mention it . Havisham trains her adopted daughter Estella to hate all men . Pip continues to visit Havisham and Estella for sometime . Soon , some good news comes from lawyer Mr. Jaggers . Pip learns that he is to be trained as a gentleman . Pip knows that Jaggers is Havisham 's lawyer , so he assumes this gift is from her . -LRB- Why not ? -RRB- Pip is accompanied by Herbert Pocket who is the son of Miss Havisham 's cousin . Herbert tells Pip of Havisham 's tragic past . We are permitted some sympathy for her . Pip -LRB- who is falling love with Estella -RRB- knows that Estella resembles someone , but he ca n't quite place who.There is a sad , but true to life scene when Joe comes to visit Pip , and because this kind man is not so educated , he turns out to be an embarrassment to Pip . In a scene of self sacrifice , Joe decides to let Pip go his own way.Later there is a disturbing scene between Havisham and Estella . While we may feel sorry for Havisham , she tried to plant her hatred in Estella , and naturally , Estella could only take living for hate so long . The real drama is still to come . Pip finds out that his benefactor was indeed Magwitch . -LRB- The man from the graveyard ! -RRB- While we may share Pip 's horror to some extent , we later learn that Magwitch is a sympathetic character . Basically , Compeyson was a kind of Uriah Heep who manipulated Magwitch . To make matters worse , it is punishable by death for Magwitch to be in England.I do n't want to give away the ending , but this is easily one of Dickens 's greatest books .
 After reading a bunch of these reviews , I 've come to the conclusion that this book should not be pushed on high school students or younger . It 's almost sad to read a review from someone who just read the cliff notes . Come on now , do we really need to hear from you ? This is my favorite Dickens novel so far , and though I have n't read them all , I loved everything about it . Though the ending is happy , it is by no means a Hollywood ending . Would recommend to any SERIOUS reader that wants to read authentic period prose and a great story .
 I thing Great Expectation is a great book in many way such as the Themes , the Character and the Writing Themes in this book are very important . They can easily relate to us today . The main point of the book that affection , loyalty and friendship are more important than social class , wealth . The character of Pip made me feel quite sad . He had a very difficult life but he can improve himself and become the gentleman finally . There are many character of this book that also made this book very interesting follow up .
 and I very nearly did.For the first half to three quarters I was utterly and completely amazed . The character of Miss Havisham is genius , and a character like none I have ever met before in literature . The images of her sitting corpse like in her decaying house will stick with me for all time . Everyone should read this book for this fascinating character.While the first part of the book delighted me with wicked satire , and dark humor , the last quarter of the book was too morally right for me . Every character saw the error of his ways , and strove to be a better person , and here the book lost much of the original feel it had going for it . I suppose maybe in Dickens ' time , he could n't get away with a book that did not have a morally uplifting ending.However , I say this is a must-read for the characters of Miss Havisham and the beautiful Estella alone . Also the lawyer Jaggers is a great character .
 Great Expectations is filled with ambition , greed , cruelty , and love . It is one of the best books I have ever read in my high school years . Get entertained with Mr. Joe and her violence towards Pip and her husband Mr. Joe Gargery.Also , Pip travels to France to become a gentlemen , which is one of the best parts of this novel .
 I wish that the book was shorter :-LRB- Especially because it 's 387 pages and I have to write a report on it -LRB- 10 paragraphs on 10 quotes from the story that I believe show the importance of the story in the next 10 days :-LRB- YUCK ! However , it still hasa very interesting storyline that is very very detailed : D
 Great Expectations is one of Dickens 's later novels , a work of his artistic maturity . The narrative is symbolic rather than realistic . Although , as in most of Dickens and in Victorian literature in general , the plot relies heavily on coincidence , it is acceptable here because the events are true to the internal , psychological , logic of the story.Great Expectations tells the story of Pip , a boy who starts as an orphan who moves on to apprenticeship in the business world of nineteenth-century England . Along the way , he falls in love with a girl from a wealthy family , and gains a mysterious patron.The book is heavy on character development and descriptive detail , but relatively light on action and suspense . The orphan Pip , the convict Magwitch , the beautiful Estella and her guardian , the embittered and vengeful Miss Havisham , the master lawyer Mr. Jaggers and Wemmick his secretive assistant - all play their part in this story which is a memoir , a mystery , and a romance.Great Expectations never loses sight of the social mishaps of the time and is often on the teacher 's list in literature classics . Most people who read it will like it and will be able to identify with the characters , but impatient readers will drown in the details , extended descriptions and explanations , and deep characterizations .
 Dickens is to me the most obvious of writers . Most of his novels are to various extents semi autobiographical . Most are populated by people with amusing names who , aside from the main characters , seem to be caricatures more than humans who think and feel with any semblance of subtlety or complexity . Most are deeply concerned with social injustice and class struggle . Most are filled with plot twists , and almost all are very enjoyable reads . Dickens is nothing if not a master storyteller who loves to manipulate the emotions of his reading public . His stories are theatrical more than novelistic . It is no wonder he is the most popular author of the Victorian age , and maybe second only to Shakespeare in the history of English literature.GREAT EXPECTATIONS and DAVID COPPERFIELD are my 2 favorite Dickens novels , probably because they both have more overtly autobiographical elements than his other works . I also love BLEAK HOUSE . GREAT EXPECTATIONS is the story of Pip . . of his rise and fall , and ultimate redemption . This novel gives us a clear window into the heart and mind of Dickens himself . The story itself held my interest from beginning to end , had important themes to explore , and despite it 's lack of introspection in examining personality issues , made you care about the main characters . Dickens was one of the great writers but he is not my favorite novelist of that period . I prefer George Eliot 's style as a novelist . To me , Dickens power was in connecting emotionally with his audience and it must have been some experience hearing him tell his marvelous tales in person .
 This is an excellent coming-of-age book with which many people will be able to relate . I will admit , the beginning was rather grueling , but looking back , I am glad I finished the book . Dickens has a fabulous vocabulary and an excellent sense of people . The characters are dynamic and quite various . I would recommend this book to other scholars .
 This book is a masterpiece of fiction . Until you read the book you do n't realize just how influential this story is in western literature .
 I first read this novel for a class . Years later , I picked it up again and reread it . It 's excellent . The characters are very interesting . Pip who loves the cold-hearted Estella . It is good to see how their characters interact and how desire is lasting . You got to feel bad for poor Pip . Miss Havisham is the most interesting of all , still in her wedding gown after all these decades . A must read . It 's a fairly long novel , but well worth the time it takes to read it .
 I thought the book Great Expectations was a pretty good book . At parts of the book it was good but then there were those parts where I did n't like it in all books there are usually those parts . I though it was easy to understand.For the major themes I did n't always understand it all . Some parts I never really caught on to were at the beginning when he was a little kid then he had grown up I never caught on to that right away . But when I finally did it was good and interesting to find out.I do think Charles Dickens did bring the story alive . I think also he should have had so many characters because then it was hard to understand who was who and where did they come from . At some points I wish he would have had explained himself more then what he did . I got mixed up so much with all the characters it was hard to keep track of them because they were in the story and then they were gone then all of a sudden they came back . But out of it all it was a good book .
 Astonishingly this book joins passion and soul with dreams , i bought this book since i saw the movie and i just tought i needed to go deep inside , as a personal review , i 've always enterteined the vogus idea to get an analogous life experience so this story might be great for those who dream with going ahead , this story is also helpful to find out for certain that you can see your dreams comming true from where you 're least expecting .
 Although I rated this book four stars , I wish there was a three and one-half star rating - that 's what I 'd really like to give it . Dickens is one of my favorite novelists , and normally I am passionately enthusiastic about his books , but I could only manage to get slightly warmer than lukewarm about this middling novel . Overall , it was n't bad - it is , in fact , one I would n't mind rereading in future . However , I did n't think it was quite as good as many of Dickens ' other works . The plot , while not bad or boring , was not as suspenseful and intriguing as that of `` Oliver Twist '' , as slowly but enjoyably developing as that of `` David Copperfield '' , or as wonderfully tantalizing and gripping as that of `` Bleak House . '' The characters , while not hopelessly mediocre or bland , were not nearly as likeable and were much more forgettable than those of other Dickens novels . Although Pip was not a bad protagonist , I did not enjoy or like him as much as I did , say , Oliver Twist or Esther Summerson . Likewise , his character development , while interesting , was not , to my mind , as good or as interesting as that which is undergone by David Copperfield , a hero who I liked better than , and with whom I could sympathize more than with Pip . Estella and Miss Havisham , while interesting , did not add much to the plot , and when it comes to criminals those of `` Oliver Twist '' , are , in my opinion , more memorable , and in many ways , more sympathetic than Magwitch . While not a thoroughly forgettable or bad book , I would n't reccommend it to first time Dickens readers - it may discourage them from reading more . Wait until you 've read one or two of his better novels , such as `` Oliver Twist '' or `` Bleak House . '' Then come to this one - only do n't come with expectations that are TOO terribly great .
 Reading for me is boring , but I was not bored for one second while reading this book . Throughout the whole book Dickens kept my attention and had me wanting more . From the very first page when Pip encounters the convict , I could not put the book down . I had to find out what was going to happen . Also when Pip 's sister , Mrs. Joe , was attacked I was guessing to the very end to find out whom it was who attacked her . This is by far one of the best books I have read . All in all , I recommend you read this book . I 'm sure that you will enjoy it as much as I have .
 This novel is excellent . Although it starts out slowly , it begins to pick up in the middle . After giving many details about the main character Pip 's family , Dickens gets into a little action . For example , the meeting with the convict in the churchyard is where the action starts to pick up . Seeing Pip grow up , I watched him go through a transformation . Once an unitellegent child , he grew up to be an intelligent young man . The book deals with child abuse , social status , and family and friendships . I saw how a sister took in her little brother to raise him and keep him from dying like the rest of their family . Love is another thing that continually comes up . When he was young , Pip fell in love with Estella and I saw how she tortured and teased him . This would be a great choice for those who love great classics .
 This novel is excellent . Although it starts out slowly , it begins to pick up in the middle . After giving many details about the main character Pip 's family , Dickens gets into a little action . For example , the meeting with the convict in the churchyard is where the action starts to pick up . Seeing Pip grow up , I watched him go through a transformation . Once an unitellegent child , he grew up to be an intelligent young man . The book deals with child abuse , social status , and family and friendships . I saw how a sister took in her little brother to raise him and keep him from dying like the rest of their family . Love is another thing that continually comes up . When he was young , Pip fell in love with Estella and I saw how she tortured and teased him . This would be a great choice for those who love great classics .
 This novel is excellent . Although it starts out slow , it begins to pick up in the middle . After giving many details about the main character Pip 's family , Dickens gets into a little action . For example the meeting with the convict in the churchyard . Seeing Pip grow up , I watched him go through a transformation . Once an unitellegent child , he grew up to be an intelligent young man . The book deals with child abuse , social status , and family and friendships . I saw how a sister took in her little brother to raise him and keep him from dying like the rest of their family . Love is another thing that continually comes up . When he was young , Pip fell in love with Estella and I saw how she tortured and teased him . This would be a great choice for those who love great classics .
 This edition of Dickens ' Great Expectations is considered one of , if not THE scholarly edition now in print . It contains a cogent introduction to the novel and an exhaustive appendix . Although the price will keep many , if not all , from purchasing the book it is definetly look for from a library -- looking in a university 's library is probably the best bet for finding a copy .
 The reason that I chose this book was because I saw the play at my high school.I thought that this play was performed really good by the student body , so i decided to read the book , and the book was pretty good . I felt bad for Pip because he was living as an orphan with an abusive sister . That must have been very exhausting mentally and physically . I admire Pip because he is very young and the fact that he has to travel , work , and take care of his sick sister , he is a very good rolemodel . I also admire him because if a ex-convict came up to me , I would be so scared that I would run away . The fact that he trusted Magwitch with a lot of things really amazed me . Pip has gone through a lot of things with his family and his own personal life in a considerable amount of time and I admire him for that . Hopefully him and Estella get together because Pip is a very nice guy and I think that they would have a lot of fun together .
 if there is ever a person i feel sorry for
 When his magazine , All the Year Round , began failing due to an unpopular serial , Dickens was forced to begin publishing installments of a story of his own . The resulting work , Great Expectations , was published weekly from December 1 , 1860 to August 3 , 1861 . This was his second semi-autobiographical work , but where David Copperfield was a confident expression of faith in middle class values , Great Expectations offers a bleaker view of whether those values will lead to happiness . In fact , Dickens own marriage had just come to an end after many unhappy years . Indeed he had recently changed the name of the magazine from the more bucolic Household Words . Despite , or because , of this ambivalence , Great Expectations became one of his greatest achievements.Pip , a boy of the marshes , is being `` raised by hand '' by his shrieking harridan of an older sister and her seemingly doltish husband , the blacksmith Joe Gargery . One day , while visiting his parents ' gravesite , Pip is accosted by an escaped convict who demands that he bring him a file and some `` wittles '' . When the convict , Abel Magwitch , is later captured , he accepts the blame for stealing the file and food before being carted back to prison.Shortly thereafter , Pip is invited up to Miss Havisham 's manor house to play with her beautiful ward Estella . Miss Havisham 's life came to a halt when she was jilted at the altar , all clocks are stopped at the hour of her betrayal , the feast lies rotting on tables & she wanders about in the decaying wedding gown . Estella is to be the instrument of her revenge upon men.Eventually , `` Great Expectations '' are settled upon Pip when a secret benefactor sets up a trust in his name and sends him to London to be educated and become a gentleman . Pip assumes , and Havisham allows him to believe , that she is his benefactress and that he is being elevated to a position that will make him worthy of Estella.As Pip rises in society , he leaves Joe behind , despite the many kindnesses Joe had shown him growing up . He becomes a shallow arrogant middle class climber . So he is stunned when he discovers that he is actually benefiting from the secret wealth of Magwitch , who made a fortune in Australia after being transported . Moreover , Magwitch 's unlawful return to England puts him and Pip in danger . Meanwhile , Estella has married another , a horrible man who Pip despises . Eventually , with Magwitch 's recapture and death in prison and with his fortune gone , Pip ends up in debtors prison , but Joe redeems his debts and brings him home . Pip realizes that Magwitch was a more devoted friend to him than he ever was to Joe and with this realization Pip becomes , finally , a whole and decent human being.Originally , Dickens wrote a conclusion that made it clear that Pip and Estella will never be together , that Estella is finally too devoid of heart to love . But at the urging of others , he changed the ending and left it more open ended , with the possibility that Estella too has learned and grown from her experiences and her wretched marriages.This is the work of a mature novelist at the height of his powers . It has everything you could ask for in a novel
 This is one of my favorite Dickens books , detailing a lifelong love story between Pip and Estella . So sometimes the circumstances are n't realistic - so what ? TV shows these days are n't either . Pip is a likeable character , and the various other characters represent real forces in our society . This is a great novel .
 Each time that I read Great Expectations I 'm left wondering whether or not Pip would have been happier if he had never been made the gift of `` great expectations . '' More importantly , would he have been a better man if he had remained apprenticed to his blacksmith brother-in-law Joe rather than having been sent to London to be trained in the ways of a gentleman?Great Expectations is a Dickens cautionary tale in which the author warns his readers of what can so easily happen to a person when given the opportunity to `` better himself '' by leaving his home , family and friends behind for education and fortune-seeking in the big city . As soon as word reached the local townspeople around whom Pip had spent his early years that a fortune was soon to be his , Pip found himself treated with respect and awe by the very people who had had little time for him in the past other than to chastise his behavior and relationship with the sister who was raising him `` by hand . '' Their `` boy '' became `` sir '' overnight it seemed.But sadly , after arriving in London and seeking to impress his new friends and colleagues , Pip decided that those who loved him most were an embarrassment to his future prospects and he only occasionally felt any guilt about his lack of contact with them . It is only when Pip 's future prospects shockingly take a turn for the worse that he seeks the comfort of the family that he left behind.Along the way , Dickens fills Great Expectations with some of the most memorable characters in British literature history . There are Miss Havisham , the spinster who never recovered from being jilted at the altar ; Joe , the blacksmith and Pip 's brother-in-law who never stopped loving Pip as a son no matter how much Pip neglected him over the years ; Estella , the beautiful young woman whom Pip has loved since they were small children but who has been raised by Miss Havisham to give her heart to no man ; Herbert , Pip 's best London friend , a truly good man who both benefits from Pip 's help and who eventually offers Pip a new future of his own ; and , of course , Magwitch , the colorful escaped criminal whom Pip meets in the first pages of the book.This is one of those books that I read every few years because re-reading it is like visiting an old friend after too long an absence . As the old memories come back , it 's like I 've never been away .
 First of all -LRB- as I like to say ! -RRB- I 'm no smarter than you and I thought this book was great , that said , this book is not THE easiest to read in that it does take a while for things to get really interesting . I rated it 5 stars because it is excellent but you need to have some patience with this book , in the end it is much worth the effort ... and keep me updated !
 I do n't know what you guys are talking about . If you 're a serious reader - and I expect you are if you willingly attempt this book - then there should n't be a problem getting into it . Dickens is far easier to read then Dostoevsky or Tolstoy or even Hawthorne or James.You have to understand that you ca n't skim the classics . If you do , then you miss out on subtle prompts and hints . In fact , any good book should have some buried clues , clues that if you do n't pick up , the plot will be confusing or pointless . That 's what makes these kinds of books great , the challenge and the reward , plus the wonders they do for your vocabulary.If you want books you can skim over before bedtime and still pick up the plot and characters , that 's fine , not everyone needs to be a serious reader . However , do n't go around bashing great books that you should n't be reading , because you might turn off somebody who will really enjoy it.If you have a real problem with the book , mention the plot , or accurately describe why you do n't like the writing style .
 Great Expectations is truly one of Dickens ' best works . It is long but there is so much to offer - rich , memorable characters , universal themes , exciting adventure , unrequited love , murder , mystery , and revenge . The plot touches heavily upon social class distinctions , education , economics and crime and punishment . Issues that still resonate with the modern reader today.Great Expectations , famously , begins in a cemetery where the orphaned Pip is visiting the graves of his parents . There he encounters an escaped convict from a nearby prison ship who is to change his life though Pip will not understand fully how until many years later . As the book continues he meets many surreal characters with perhaps the most memorable being Miss Havisham , the crazed jilted bride , whose manipulations in regard to Pip and her adopted daughter , Estella , break Pip 's heart and leave Estella a shallow , empty woman . Another one of Dickens more famous characters appearing in Great Expectations is Pip 's guardian , Jaggers , the successful and possibly compulsive obsessive , attorney . Less well known but equally memorable appearances are made by Pip 's loyal friend Herbert Pocket whose unusual family provide comic relief and social satire , Pip 's brother-in-law the kind but uneducated Joe Gargory , Mrs. Joe , Pip 's shrewish sister who is raising Pip `` by hand '' , Jagger 's assistant Wemmick who neatly divides his home life and his work life plus a host of others . Life in 19th century England - both London and it 's small towns - are masterfully kept alive by Dickens ' sure contemporary descriptions .
 My first complete Dickens book was `` A Tale of Two Cities . '' Since that was an idealistic romance novel , this book rather surprised me with its portrayals of the darker side of human nature . Instead of heart-wrending sacrifices , I found painful ingratitude . Instead of perfect heroines , I found scheming , insensitive women . This book was not anything I expected with regards to characterization and theme . However , I would have to say this book exemplifies human nature much , much better . It was not a very entertaining read at all , but the craftsmanship and word employment simply could not be better . This book may not turn one 's daydreams on paper , but it is a solid , landmark work of literature .
 My daughter had to read `` Great Expectations '' for 9th grade English , she was short of time and a slow reader . This unabridged version really filled the bill . She could listen while being otherwise engaged or read along with the book . The Actor/reader is the same one who read all of the Harry Potter books . Well read and helped keep her interest .
 I wanted to revisit this `` classic '' , having read it in high school and remembering it fondly . I was not disappointed , for I found the story more applicable to my life now , ten years later , than at the time of my first reading . Back then , it seemed a good yarn - lots of fun characters , intriguing plot twists - a grand adventure . Upon rereading , I was able to absorb the story while thinking about my own `` coming of age '' , and weigh the morality of Pip 's universe . At the same time , my original impressions were not misguided - the moral/societal questions Dickens explores are layered into the fun characters and strong plot development.In addition , there are some interesting `` reading group '' questions at the back , as well as some interesting commentary by various authors since the time of the original publication . For that reason , I would recommend this edition .
 Above all what I loved about this book was how all the characters came together and were somehow related in some surprising way . The book was very well written . I had to read this book for school and I 'm glad that I was forced to or I might never have chosen to read this book . The language was very understandable unlike some other books I 've read from that time period . I really recommend it .
 One of the great novels in the English language . It would be presumptuous of me to add more . Most readers would benefit from reading this book . My first time was forty years ago . Great novels should be spaced out in one 's life and reread at specific junctures .
 I got bogged-down fairly early in this book and almost decided to stop reading it . Fortunately for me , it soon re-kindled my interest -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- , and only got better as it progressed . This was my first foray into Dickens , and if his other works are as entertaining as this one is , I anticipate a world of wonderful reading ahead . Be forewarned that some of this book 's reviews give away too much of its plot -LRB- I made the mistake of reading them first -RRB- . Do yourself a favor
 The setting is good . The beginning of the book was dry and hard to get through . However once the first quarter of the work is finished the story just takes you along with it . The plot is interesting but the spin at the end is terrific . A must read ...
 If Pip had been a real young man rather than a book , I could have warned him stay away from that girl and all the trouble that came with her . And had Pip been a real young man , he would have been equally as receptive to that advice as the book is . In short , `` Great Expectations '' is not a book but rather , in a very direct and almost literal way , it IS its main character .
 I am a high school English teacher who has taught 9th , 10th , 11th , and 12th grade English . Of all the novels I 've ever taught my students these 12 years I 've been in Education , this novel , Great Expectations , by Charles Dickens , is by far the best ! It is easy to read and understand , and it holds students ' attention until the very end . The plot is like a roller coaster and all the characters seem to be connected in some way . The end of each chapter leaves the reader in suspense and anxious to continue reading . Although the setting of the novel takes place in 19th century England , the novel 's themes and the characters ' experiences seem to relate to all social classes , races , and both genders . Even my students at an inner-city high school in Atlanta rush home to read ahead to find out what will happen to Pip next !
 Yet another success by Charles Dickens , this book is sure to warm hearts of both children and adults everywhere . This book is another classic , telling the great story of a once simple orphan boy named Pip . I greatly enjoyed this book , with Charles Dickens ' enticing use of imagery , it is sure to keep anyone reading . This book could make one cry , and smile . And to me , for it to cause any sort of such emotion , it has to be a truly lovely book to read . If you want a cozy , enticing book to read by the fire on a snow day , go ahead , and read the powerful story
 `` Great Expectations '' by Charles Dickens is a very haunting novel . While the book portrays England as dreary , in a strange way it makes England seem like a nice place to live in . 1800s England as depicted in the novel has a lot of poor people . But the people seem nicer and more innocent minded then people are these days . Even the bad guys in the story seem more innocent minded then people these days.The book begins with a young child called Pip visiting his parents grave only to be stopped by an escaped convict who asks him for food and a file . Pip goes and gets these things secretly to avoid getting in trouble with his sister . Later on the convict is captured and before he is led away , he lies that he stole food from Pip 's aunt 's cupboard to Pip 's uncle Joe and this saves Pip from getting in trouble for taking the food . After that , Pip gets a strange opportunity at a house called Satis House owned by a Miss Havisham . She pays his aunt to have Pip play with a beautiful girl called Estella . Later on , Pip is told by an aquaintance called Mr. Jagger that he has great expectations . He tells him that a secret benefactor has provided for Pip to be educated . Pip , jumps at this opportunity . He goes to live in a rented room and is educated all the time not knowing who is providing him with the sums to be educated . He continues to think about the beautiful girl Estella who shuns his advances . `` Great Expectations is a very haunting novel . With the book , I got a full view of what life was like in England in the 1800s . The character Miss Havisham is really scary . Her house with its room where there is a decaying wedding cake is almost like a haunted house . The book contains no supernatural elements though and that 's what is so amazing , that Charles Dickens manages to make it scary without putting ghosts or monsters in it . Miss Havisham was clearly a woman with a lot of potential who ruined her life because she could n't get over a romance that went sour . I felt bad for her and hope people learn from her example.The character that really caught my attention was Estella . I have had experiences in my own life where I had a crush on a girl who did n't have a crush on me and so I knew what Pip was going through and related to his character in this respect . Its when they 're young that men are haunted most by those feelings for a girl or a woman , it is clear though that Pip needs to move on and find another girl to get in a relationship with.All in all , Great Expectations is a good fast read even though it is not an adventure novel , which makes the novel even more amazing .
 Just a wonderful enthralling read ! I enjoyed this so much ! I read this in high school but decided to read it again . I just did not appreciate the story line or the characters back as a teenager . I am so glad I decided to re-read this again ! I am now going to work my way through more of Dickens novels . His character development is wonderful ! The story line has twists and turns to keep the pages turning ! You just do n't know what you are missing by not reading this novel ! Yes , I recommend !
 There are few if any authors who could create such a variety of wonderful characters as Dickens has done in his many novels and short stories . They touch you and remain with you - even becoming icons . This is true in all Dickens novels , and it is no less true in this work . How bizarrely wonderful is Miss Havisham with her tattered and yellowed bridal gown and half century old wedding cake ? Who else could come up with such a marvelous character ?
 I 'm not going to say much about the story , because you probably already know it . I first discovered the book over 40 years ago in high school.But I really appreciated this edition . As a forward , there is an overview of the book , pointing out things to help you understand them when you read them . It also clarifies some of the points made . It does n't say anything about Pip suffering from depression , but I think he does , which contributes to his low self-esteem . Then at the back of the book , there is a section of notes , including the original ending . There are also notes on some of the words used or articles mentioned in the book.All in all , this was a wonderful read and look forward to reading it again .
 Great Expectations is hailed as a one of the great masterpieces in literature and for good reason . However , it does drag in the beginning and current audiences may not be able to fight through to reap the rewards this book gives out . Also , the language used in the book is not used currently in use and may throw off some readers . Midway threw the book I was enjoying Great Expectations , but disappointed in the pace and flow and ready for it to quicken . But it did and I was enthralled with the final 200 pages .
 i had to read this in my freshmen english class . i found the chracters of estelle and pip to be profound and astounding . you ca n't help but love ms.havisham and her antics . great book for any teen 13-17 .
 I am in the seventh grade and we had to read this book in literature . Thanks to a great teacher , we were able to get through this book without too many difficulties ; however , I would not recommend this book to anyone who does not want to invest a while in reading it ! I took us the whole second semester to finsh this book , doing most of the reading at home . While most everyone was engrossed in the storyline , it was like pulling teeth to actually read ! I really enjoyed the story , but I would raher just remember the story than refresh my memory by rereading it because , face it , the story is just too long!P.S.Since I feel this is such a great story , instead of reading the book , might I recommend watching the movie ?
 Read the review from the high school student who thinks he 's a martian , and I think you 'll agree that most of the bozos who give this novel less than five stars are full of snot .
 You said no one who is still is high school will understand this book . That is not entirely true . I am in seventh grade . I not only loved the book , I understood it too . I have done character analyses -LRB- for instance
 It 's just too , too bad that no one reads this anymore . It is a timeless story of a young man -LRB- love-stricken from young childhood -RRB- growing to adulthood by means of a mysterious benefactor . Mr. Jaggers , John Wemmick , Biddy , Matthew and Belinda Pocket , Bentley Drummle , the Aged Parent , and Miss Skiffins are just a few of the absolutely marvelous characters that Dickens created for his story . And how could I forget Estella Havisham , the object of Pip 's -LRB- christened Phillip -RRB- affection ? Mr. and Mrs. Joe get a fair part of the story , and they are both delightful - one , because she is so horrible , and the other , because he is so good . A few of the more minor characters -LRB- the aformentioned Miss Skiffins is one -RRB- such as Trabbe 's boy and The Avenger are superb even though they may only speak a few words . If I could give it ten stars , I would !
 This is Dickens ' 3rd last novel , and nothing indicates that he was running out of steam . While this lacks -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- the energy of `` Dombey and Son '' -LRB- 1848 -RRB- , `` David Copperfield '' -LRB- 1850 -RRB- , `` Bleak House '' -LRB- 1853 -RRB- , or `` Hard Times '' -LRB- 1854 -RRB- , it is still a phenomenal piece of literature . Pip is an interesting creation . First we see him as a small child who is victimized by his sister . His brother in law Jo -LRB- while not too bright -RRB- never approves of Pip 's abuse . It is interesting that Dickens wrote this troubled marriage scene soon after his own divorce ! It is also painfully tragic when Pip starts to make his way into the world and he has to realize that the kind hearted but simple Jo has to take a back seat to his success . Jaggers offers some welcome comical touches . It is interesting that Pip becomes victimized by a legitimate colleague Orlick and as it turns out , the old thief was his benefactor . -LRB- In my opinion the old thief was a literary reincarnation of Fagin . -RRB- To this day , I have never forgotten the chills when I discovered that the old thief in the early part of the novel was his benefactor . So we have domestic quarrles , true to life tragic events , strong images , comical touches , and surprise events !
 I reallly liked this book , though it made me tired to read it and I could not have any distractions while I read , I am really glad I did . This book was a good challenge if you stick to it . The book all comes together at the end if you keep reading . The characters are really deep . My teacher says the best thing about Great Expectations is it has a twisted plot line and the worst thing about Great Expectations is that it has a twisted plot line . Overall , I enjoyed the book , except the last two chapters . I believe Dickens got tired of writing the book and desided to end the book .
 This book is superb . Everything about it is very real to life -LRB- unlike much of Dickens ' other novels -RRB- . Though it may be hard to comprehend , it does n't take a genius to understand the themes of this book . I 'm not going to spoil it for anybody , but believe me , the themes plays into everybody 's life , including love , money , and heritage . I also recommend Catcher in the Rye if you 're into the types of books that make you stop and ponder .
 I had to read Great Expectetions for school , at first it seemed like the worst book ever written , it was boring , confusing , and seemingly pointless . But , of course that was before I finished it and fully understood what Dickens was tying to convey . the whole book is a mystery , only in the very end do you finally find everything out . Note
 Those who have known the whole constitution of true art will assign to its realm Great Expectations . What I say may not convince you of its quintessential nature , but hopefully it will open your mind to possibly the greatest novel of all time .
 Those who have known the whole nature of true art will surely assign to its realm Great Expectations . What I say may not convince you , but please , do yourself a favor , and read the book . The Bible , Tolkien 's books , and Great Expectations are the greatest I have yet to encounter .
 After having a very diffiult time enjoying A Tale of Two Cities , which I found to be unappealing , austere , and excessively verbose , I was prepared to denounce this book as well . However , it is far too good to heap words like `` boring '' upon simply because it is long and involved . The autobiographical narration lends it a personal quality far more appealing than that of A Tale of Two Cities , and above all Dicken 's empathy for his characters is apparent . The branching subplots weave together seamlessly as the novel progresses -LRB- Unlike some people I 'm not going to spoil the ending for everyone -RRB- . Even if you 've been turned off by Dicken 's before , give it a chance .
 Another reviewer claims that you have to be at least 21 years old to read this book . Although I do n't think it should be `` forced '' on schoolchildren -LRB- they will only hate it -RRB- I read this novel when I was a child and I loved it . I have just re-read it now and I enjoy it all the more . This is my favorite novel by Dickens . It is from his later period and is criticized for being too dark - which , however , makes it more perfect for today 's sensibilities . Stephen King cites this work as one of his favorites
 Great Expectations is one of Dickens 's later novels , a work of his artistic maturity . The narrative is symbolic rather than realistic . Although , as in most of Dickens and in Victorian literature in general , the plot relies heavily on coincidence , it is acceptable here because the events are true to the internal , psychological , logic of the story.After writing A Tale of Two Cities , which was unique among his novels in that it had none of his trademark humor , Dickens set out to make Great Expectations rich in comic elements . This despite , or perhaps because of , being in a depressed state of mind himself at the time . The conventional critical view is that he largely failed in this attempt , but I strongly disagree . The book is hilariously funny in parts and the main character , Pip , exhibits a characteristically British humour-in-adversity throughout his adventures . There is also the host of minor comic characters that we expect from Dickens . And he for once manages pathos without spilling over into bathos , so there are tears as well as laughter here , sometimes both at once.If you have not yet read any Dickens , this is not a bad book with which to start , although for younger readers -LRB- teens -RRB- I would recommend Hard Times or A Tale of Two Cities as their first . Great Expectations demands a mature sensibility to appreciate its symbolism and psychological depth . Perhaps because it chiefly concerns the childhood and youth of the protagonist , it is often given to young people to read and is a set text in some High School classes . This is a pity because , in its dark complexity , it is more likely to turn youngsters off , rather than onto , Dickens .
 I 've never read any Dickens of my own free will . I was forced to read `` A Tale of Two Cities '' in high school and I thought that was enough for me . However , one day , on a whim , I bought a copy of Great Expectations . I 'm not sure what I expected , but I certainly did n't expect to love it as much as I did.Dickens is not a writer to read at a swift pace . Indeed , this novel was written in weekly episodes from December 1860 to August 1861 and , as it was created to be a serial , each installment is full of varied characters , great descriptions and a lot of action which moves the plot along and leaves the reader yearning for more . Therefore , unlike some books which are easily forgotten if I put them down for a few days , Great Expectations seemed to stick around , absorbing my thoughts in a way that I looked forward to picking it up again . It took me more than a month to read and I savored every morsel.Basically the story is of the self-development of Pip , an orphan boy being raised by his sister and her blacksmith husband in the marshlands of England in 1820 . Every one of the characters were so deeply developed that I felt I was personally acquainted with each one of them . There was Pip 's roommate , Herbert Pocket , the lawyer , Mr. Jaggers , and his clerk , Mr. Wemmick . And then there was the wicked Orlick . The dialogues were wonderful . The characters often did n't actually say what they meant but spoke in a way that even though the words might be obtuse , there was no mistaking their meaning . I found myself smiling at all these verbal contortions.Dickens ' work is richly detailed and he explores the nuances of human behavior . I enjoyed wallowing in the long sentences and letting myself travel backwards in time to a different world . However , even with the footnotes , I found myself sometimes confused by the British slang of 150 years ago , and there were several passages I had to read over several times in order to get the true meaning . Of course I was not in a particular rush . I did n't have to make a report to a class or take a exam about the book . This is certainly a pleasure.I heartily recommend this book to anyone who enjoys a good read.ting from the secret wealth of Magwitch , who made a fortune in Australia after being transported . Moreover , Magwitch 's unlawful return to England puts him and Pip in danger . Meanwhile , Estella has married another , a horrible man who Pip despises . Eventually , with Magwitch 's recapture and death in prison and with his fortune gone , Pip ends up in debtors prison , but Joe redeems his debts and brings him home . Pip realizes that Magwitch was a more devoted friend to him than he ever was to Joe and with this realization Pip becomes , finally , a whole and decent human being.Originally , Dickens wrote a conclusion that made it clear that Pip and Estella will never be together , that Estella is finally too devoid of heart to love . But at the urging of others , he changed the ending and left it more open ended , with the possibility that Estella too has learned and grown from her experiences and her wretched marriages.This is the work of a mature novelist at the height of his powers . It has everything you could ask for in a novel
 This review refers to the audio -LRB- CD - Brilliance Audio -RRB- edition of `` Great Expectations '' by Charles Dickens , read by Michael PageThis unabridged audio edition of Dickens ' classic superb chronology of `` Pip 's ' journey through life going from a poor boy to becoming a man with `` expectations '' is simply marvelous . As Pip comes into a small fortune , and becomes a `` gentleman '' he learns the value and true meaning of friendships and life . But the journey is a long one , with many lessons to be learned along the way before he can find his true self . Dickens has given us a wonderful story , with rich details of the setting and characters that grow and are among the most interesting and magnetic to be found in literature.I do n't need to go on and on about the book itself -LRB- although I could easily go over my allotted word count here -RRB- , if you have n't read it yet , just know you are in for one heck of a literary treat . It is a story that will transport you to another time and place , and you may not want to come back . I will however , talk about this marvelous audio edition . Michael Page is the reader , and what a reading he gives . Just curl up and listen to this master storyteller . Every voice , every nuance is captured . There is no doubt who is speaking as he gives each character the personality and cultural characteristics as Dickens intended . He even does the women wonderfully , without going over the top . In my mind Miss Havisham has always sounded just the way Page portrayed her , Estella as uppity as ever , the humble Joe , along with all the rest.The book is an unabridged reading on 16 discs . each discs has 90 very short tracks -LRB- about 45 seconds each -RRB- , I had no trouble starting up where I left off -LRB- when I absolutely had to leave off -RRB- . I just made a mental note -LRB- or you could even write it down -RRB- of the track number and disc where I stopped it . The sound quality is excellent , and total running time is about 20 hours . Each disc is in it 's own paper CD holder with a clear front so you can see the disc number you are looking for.If you are a fan of this book , this audio edition will give you a fresh read and new appreciation of this fascinating book . If you are experiencing it for the first time , you ca n't help but to become enthralled . Great to take on long drives or for younger readers to be introduced to classic literature in a most entertaining way.Enjoy the read ... for the 1st Time or the 50th time ! ... Lauriemore great audio reads : A Christmas Carolread by Geoffrey Palmer-Carrie -LRB- read by Sissy Spacek -RRB- Back When We Were Grownups -LRB- read by Blair Brown -RRB- The Shipping News -LRB- read by Paul Hecht -RRB-
 I love this book ! This is one of my all-time favorite books ever . I had to read it eons ago when I was in ninth grade , and now -LRB- 14 years later -RRB- I am still enjoying it . Every few years I take this one down from my bookshelf to revisit . This is the story of Pip , a small orphaned boy living in poverty in the English countryside with his much older sister and her husband . Pip meets a convict in a graveyard one damp morning and helps him out in the form of some vittles and an iron file . Later in the story , Pip moves from poverty to being a `` gentleman '' due to the influence of a mysterious , anonymous benefactor . This book tells of his adventures and how Pip 's expectations guide him through life . Towards the end of the story , Pip finds out that reality is sometimes very different from what we expect it to be . The characters are what really make this book stand out . Charles Dickens is a master of character development , and his descriptions of Miss Havisham , Wemmick , Joe , and the others is brilliant ! The dialogue is great , with the words written the way a commoner would have spoken in England in the 1800 's . Another thing I really liked was how all of the characters are inter-related to each other in ways that you may not discover until you get to the end of the novel.This novel will make you laugh and it might make you sad , but it is always entertaining . If you are in high school and reading this book for the first time for English class , keep at it ! It may seem difficult at first if you are not used to Dickens , but this book is well worth it ! It is truly a gem .
 Charles Dickens 's acknowledged masterpiece , Great Expectations , is rightly considered one of the greatest novels of all-time . It depth and breadth are staggering , as it follows its protagonist , Pip , from his early childhood through his later life . During the course of his life , we encounter a vast catalog of raw human emotions
 The description of Miss Havisham & her home alone is worth two to three stars . This is unlike any other book in the English language , with the possible exception of Emily Bronte 's `` Wuthering Heights ? '' Dickens tells us many things in the begining of the novel that appear out of place or irrelevant , but later those pieces fall into place so that the big picture is revealed.This story runs the gamut of emotions for the reader . Shock , empathy , joy , disappointment , & disdain are all there for the various characters at different times . Multiple plots , detailed descriptions , & ever mutable characters made this a long & entertaining read . This is the story of Phillip Pirrup or Pip . He is a true hardluck case that you root for . His family except for a brother & sister have all passed away . He lives with his sister -LCB- a husband beater -RCB- & brother in law Joe Gargery in a tiny English village . Oddly for this era , this is one of the few books where fear from a man 's perspective is explored . That in itself was refreshing . Along the roller coaster life that Pip finds himself on he meets enigmatic people & gets an anonymous benefactor who helps him reach London to start a better life ? Once there life & the nature of Pip himself is radically altered . This is when the title of my review becomes clear . Dickens asks & answers very poignant psychological questions long before Freud was ever heard of .
 I chose to write a review of Great Expectations because I wanted to be able to rate a novel `` five-stars '' without an ounce of hesitation.Context
 I got the `` cover-to-cover '' book on tape for a long road trip , never having heard the story before . I loved every minute of it . The things that Dickens does with the English language is endlessly entertaining , the story he tells fascinating and fast-paced . The highly talented Martin Jarvis reads wonderfully , giving great characterization to the many people appearing in the story , allowing me to see them all as completely distinct.It 's a shame that people feel such resentment when forced to read something . Most of the bad reviews this book gets are from young people who were forced to read it for a class . When taken at one 's own leisure , and in one 's own time , it is quite entertaining . I 'm not sure that the teachers who assign the book are pointing out all the things that make the book great , such as Dickens 's flair with the language , the point he 's making about a society that places birth above worth , and his ability to make abstract arguments that enhance the story . I 'd be interested in hearing from literature teachers to find out how they use the book in their classes.One of the best books ever written , this reading is one of the best investments of my time I 've ever made .
 One of the best books I 've read to date . Not at all boring unlike many other books of this time period . Can be quite humorous and the plot is masterful . The characters are masterfully portrayed , especially Joe and Pip . It 's not even difficult reading ! Are the majority of reviewers 16 year-olds that were forced to read it ?
 This was a pretty good book . Some parts of it were hard to understand , but most of it was ok .
 An overall enjoyable read . The book is very well written and Charles Dickens has written excellent descriptions . I 'm fascinating at the people who come here and rate it low , ah well , they obviously can not read great literature . If you do n't like books like this , go back to your `` Star Wars super adventure novels ''
 This is truly a masterpiece . It is an inspiring tale of a departure from innocence into the cruel realities of the real world . Although not totally enlightening , it is entertaining and leaves one on the edge from chapter to chapter .
 `` Great Expectations '' by Charles Dickens is a story of a boy named Pip and his experiences growing up . The story begins with Pip visiting his parents ' grave sites . Here he meets a runaway convict and begins a new journey . The convict persuades young Pip to get food and a file for him . Pip does and the convict is thankful , but later is captured and confesses that he alone stole the food . Pip is sent for by Miss Havisham , a middle-aged woman whose whim it is to live in the bridal dress she wore on the day she was jilted by her lover . She hates all males and sends for Pip to enjoy the sight of him being tormented by Estella , a proud , beautiful young girl . Pip falls in love with her . Pip 's sister dies before he comes of age , and Pip receives money from an unknown benefactor . During this time he learns about himself , his love for Estalla , and the unknown benefactor . This book is about a young mans life who has a few unique experiences and what he learns.Charles Dickens uses imagry that takes the form of real objects . The detail and words he uses gives more meaning and detailed images . It allows each situation to be clearly seen . The imagery also comes from the analogies and metaphors . It gave the book more life , more meaning . The visualizable images , metaphor and other kinds of figurative language set up great results thought the entire text .
 Great Expectations by Charles Dickens is a great mix of humor , thrills and suspense . You never know what will pop around from the other side of the page . Pip gives us an insight to the way people really are and , what they should be .
 This book is great it has many twists and turns and always leaves you thinking . I would definetly recommend this book !
 I appreciate this edition for its introduction -LRB- which is interesting for literature buffs and beneficial for serious students/readers -RRB- , for the end notes -LRB- which are definitely helpful in explaining Victorian allusions and other references for readers who have little or no background or experience with such -RRB- , for the inclusion of the original ending -LRB- which provokes a variety of options for discussion and examination -RRB- , for the discussion questions , and for the presentation -LRB- easy to read pages -RRB- . My students find this edition less intimidating than some others ; overall , this edition seems user-friendly rather than overwhelming -LRB- which is often the case with such a long story -RRB- .
 Great Expectations is one of Charles Dickens most famous books . Even with Dickens ' extremely long r&eacute;sum&eacute; of books Great Expectations maybe the only one read by younger readers because the other are usually mature plots or have extreme length . But , Great Expectations is a `` great '' exception.Charles Dickens used a very eloquent vocabulary . His absolute mastery of English makes his book interesting yet difficult to read . Terminology has changed since he wrote the novel , and , in addition to the evolution the language , Dickens was British . This fact changed his wording from typical American English and helped the book be more in character . Dickens also exercises his talent for manipulating words and creating vivid word pictures like these sentences , `` Mrs. Joe was a very clean housekeeper , but had an exquisite art of making her cleanliness more uncomfortable and unacceptable than dirt itself , '' and `` It was one of those March days when the sun shines hot and the wind blows cold
 First of all , in reference to the reviewer who seemed to think the title was inapropos , all I can say is that I hope that they did n't read the book , for such a lack of understanding would be pathetic . I digress . I am here to dispel some myths . Since this book is often assigned in school , and perceived as `` important , '' as another reviewer noted , I think a lot of people shy away from it and assume it will be boring or difficult to understand . Dickens ' novels , however , work on multiple level . There certainly is important social criticism and a web of subtly laced motifs within this novel , but on the surface , it 's just a good read . I read it on a whim and ended up staying up all night to finish it . So , do n't dispel this novel and turn to the many vapid works available to you . One piece of advice , read the real ending before the changed ending -LRB- though the changed one will appear first -RRB- . I felt that the original one was far better , more relevant , and sadly invalidated by the changed ending thrust upon me first . Happy reading !
 Great expectation was a wonderful classic written by the author Charles dickens . The main character , Pip , grow up in the home of a blacksmith . With both of his parents dead , He lives with his older sister and her husband named Joe . Pip soon meets Miss Havisham and the beautiful Estella that live wish her Pip hoped that Miss Havisham intentions were to make his fortune , make him a gentleman and have Estella to wed. . He was wrong , because the social class division leaves Pip a worker , and Estella was a lady . After disappointment , Pip hears news that a secrete benefactor want to make Pip a gentleman and give him a fortune and informs him that he is a man of great expectation . Pip has no idea of who is benefactor is , but heads to London to start his eventful life as a gentleman . Even if Pip work hard for his life but he is getting on well finally.It is a very powerful book that connects with people s live all over . Great expectation is an amazing book in many ways such as the themes , the Character and the writing Themes in this book are very important . They can easily relate to us today . The main point of the book is affection , loyalty and gratitude and friendship are more important than social class , wealth . The Character of Pip made me feel quit e sad . He had a very difficult life but he can improve him self and become a gentleman finally . There are many character of this book . That also made this book very interesting follow
 Probably one of the most memorable Dickens characters , Philip Pirrup is known to most readers as Pip , the 7-year-old boy whom his short-tempered sister raised by hand . Little Pip infers that he has sustained , from as early as his babyhood , a perpetual conflict with injustice . He has known , from the time when he can speak and discern his surrounding that his sister , in her fits of caprice and violent coercion , is unjust to him . It seems to poor Pip that all the endearments in life brushes by him or bypasses him altogether . Fate has ineluctably deprived him of the lightsome hours that make our childhood a time to be remembered like a happy dream through all our after life . The bright side of growing up with his sister 's fits of spleen is Pip 's friendship with his brother-in-law Joe , who not only has taken him into apprenticeship but sanctified the house Pip calls home that is otherwise sullied by his sister 's temper.A chance but terrifying encounter with an escaped convict for whom he brings provisions pilfered from the kitchen cupboard changes the entire course Pip 's life . But it is not until he meets the beautiful , cold-hearted and haughty Estella during a summon to a decaying Miss Havisham that he sets his mind to whittle away his coarseness and to become a gentleman , one on Estella 's account . The sudden but timely generosity of a mysterious benefactor comes to assist his making of a gentleman and promises a handsome property . The prospect of great expectations not only immediately relieves him from his ordinary sphere of life and frees him from apprenticeship with Joe , but also concurs with his eagerness to abandon his humble origins.GREAT EXPECTATIONS thus follows Pip 's new life under his fortune and depicts his education , new relationships , and development through adversity as he slowly dawns on the true nature of his great expectations . The new life does not come without a catch as he finds himself living in a state of chronic uneasiness respecting his perfidious behavior to Joe , whose interference in his life he now regards as disturbance . The more Pip basks in the favor , privilege , and conviviality that is concomitant of his fortune , the more his is convinced of a happier life derived from simplicity and fidelity that only Joe can offer . As he sidles closer to the truth about his benefactor 's identity , a revelation for which he is not prepared struck him.GREAT EXPECTATIONS is a story of moral redemption with a prodigal son-like protagonist in the orphaned Pip . The tale is extremely straightforward but is woven with substantial issues he has to deal with . Eager to shred his humble roots , he promptly disavows family and friends at the prospect of a fortune . As the fortune loses its luster and eventually dissipates altogether , he confronts his own ingratitude and learns to love the man who both creates and destroys him , figuratively speaking . Dickens deftly validates Pip 's redemption by showing that it produces good deeds as well as good works . This is especially worthy of merit because the novel is told in Pip 's first person narrative . Mishandling of the narrative might render the whole tale unconvincing.The proof of Pip 's redemption comes laden with good deeds rather than airy words
 This book was reccomended to me by my mom for me to expand my reading tastes . I was maybe a little hesitant , but I began reading it , and was immediately pulled in by the compelling , quirky characters and the mind boggling plot . Each new character is equally amusing , and their names seem to depict their nature . When I first saw Uncle Pumblechook 's name , I was immediately able to guess what sort of a person he was , same with Mr. Wopsle , Mr. Wemmick , Mrs. Joe Gargery , and more . The humor is subtle , but once you get the joke you 'll be howling.However , Dickens is certainly not an author who says little when there is an opportunity to say more ; in a nutshell , his writing is quite flourid . Ten pages can be a whole lot to get through , not because it is boring , but because it is full of complex words , sentences , and paragraphs , that you 'll need a little bit of rest . I felt sometimes like reading it was like an excercise seminar for my mind . But do n't let these few words discourage you , it 's a great read .
 ... endless is the error of intimacy.Such is the story of `` Great Expectations . '' I have to say that Dickens totally floored me with this magical tale of love and pedestals . I do n't even know what made me read it . I think I just found it in my mother 's house amid throwaways in the attic . Oh no ... this is NOT to be thrown away , this treasure of English literature . This is the reason why we read.Pip is an orphan with no prospects in sight . But one day , under the strangest of circumstances , he becomes the veritable ward of an unknown benefactor and hurtles toward the gentlemanly future of high living and culture . Along the way , he is placed in the almost daily charge of the bitter and rich shut-in Miss Havisham , guardian of the irresistable , yet bitchy Estella . Poor Pip spends a great deal of his days partaking in the education of a gentleman , doing the bidding of the witchy Havisham woman and pining after the girl who uses and abuses him . It sometimes seems like this high society training is a big freakin ' mistake.Things heat up when he comes across the criminal Magwitch and does n't turn him in to the authorities . From there on in the piece continues to fill the mind with limitless imagery . The writing style is a beaut and the characters continue to intrigue with every passing page , from the disgustingly prunish Miss Havisham to Pip 's dim-witted , but thoroughly likeable father - a man he sadly comes to see as shameful as his education and training strengthens.This is a story of yearning and loss , guilt and foolish pride as one person after another gets a wish granted and regrets it or waits for a train that never comes in . Yet somehow the ending leaves behind a great feeling . This is among my favorite books ever .
 I may be only a 6th grader , but you would n't believe how much I enjoyed this book . Charles Dickens having a poor childhood because of the little money his family earned , has written a miraculous book having to do with money . Charles Dickens makes his case for there being a potential for good and evil in everyone . I really enjoyed reading this book and if you are looking for a fabulous book to enjoy , I strongly reccomend you read this .
 I love the cover of this edition . The painting seems almost perfect for Dickens novel.But on to the novel itself . `` Great Expectations '' was the first of Dickens ' novels that I read and I had to read several more before I found another I liked anywhere near as much . It is a small work compared to `` David Copperfield '' and his other massive English comic novels . It is a much darker work , too with less of the comedic touch.Dickens published and/or edited several magazines and some of his novels were first written as serials to bolster flagging circulation , `` Great Expectations '' is one and it shows . The novel grabs you fast and has a story with many surprises and twists along the way . The one drawback to the earlier serializaztion is that the book probably has too many small climaxes and cliffhangersLike many of the other great novels of the 18th and 19th century a modern reader may well find it a little too full of long descriptive passages . I personally feel that it travels along fast enough that you wo n't notice.I feel a word or two may be necessary about coincidence in the novel , certainly some other reviewers here at Amazon have felt there was too much . The first thing that should be said is that Dickens readers would not have criticised the coincidence , at the time they had a much firmer belief in `` fate '' and would have felt that the coincidence showed how much of Pip 's tale was fated to be . The other thing worth mentioning is that the coincidence is no less than one can find in quite a lot of modern television if you just explain the plot . We need to ask if the number of coincidences seems unnatural within the book and if the book works . My answer would be that this tale runs along at a fine pace , well written and well worth the read . The coincidence does not detract from the novel.I 'd recommend this book to anyone who wants a good , classic read . As one of Dickens shorter works it is also a fine place to start .
 As a student , I had to read this book as a requirement for my junior year summer reading . Being the largest book of them all , I reluctantly started on this one . However , after giving it the twenty-five page test , I found the book terribly addictive . Had I had a more generous time budget , I would have finished the book in two to three days . As it was , it took me over a month . The storyline , with Pip intertwined in a weird emotional triangle with one Miss Havisham and Estella , has the reader wondering `` Who is on Pip 's side ? '' and `` What the heck is going on with this Estella babe ? '' The emotions Pip felt , the things he went through , and just the thought of actually having to go through what he did brings tears to the eyes -LRB- even mine , which had been dry for years -RRB- . By reading this book , I even became more in-tune to my emotions . This novel is an excellent piece of literature for any language buff -LRB- Dickens is a sheer master of the English language -RRB- , and for anyone who loves a good tearjerker . Happy reading !!
 Great Expectations is one of the most absorbing novels I have ever read . It is also the best . The plot is complex and exciting , sometimes very funny and sometimes almost unbearably sad , with so many plot twists it is impossible to lose interest . The writing and descriptions are ... well they 're Dickens '
 When reading this book in high school , I considered myself very fortunate that the copies we had contained the original ending . It was placed at the end , after the ending that was originally published . I much preferred the original ending from the momentI read it , and have since checked every copy I have come across to see if it is in them . Sadly , often it is not.The kindle edition does not contain the original ending . I did not see any reviews of this edition that mentioned it , so I thought I would post one for anyone else who finds that important , as I do .
 GREAT EXPECTATIONS is often the novel used in high schools to introduce students to Dickens . Due to it 's length and fairly long and uneventful middle phase , I 'm not sure it 's the best text to introduce people to Dickens . Still , it is a pretty good story and contains some of the most memorable characters in Dickens ' fiction.GREAT EXPECTATIONS is the story of Phillip Pirrip , otherwise known as Pip . Pip 's parents die not long after he is born and he is raised `` by hand '' by his sister . His brother-in-law , Joe Gargery , is the town blacksmith and loves Pip . The two are best-of-friends . One night while looking at his parents ' graves , Pip meets a convict and his life is forever changed by that meeting . As the novel progresses , Pip meets Miss Havisham -LRB- the wealthiest woman in town -RRB- and her beautiful ward , Estella . Pip immediately falls in love with Estella and is haunted by her all the days of his life . Eventually Pip is bond to Joe as his apprentice and sets to work in the blacksmith forge . Several years later , Pip 's luck changes when he is informed by a lawyer from London , Mr. Jaggers , that he has become the recipient of `` great expectations '' . The book then follows Pip 's life as he enters this new stage in life and as he develops and becomes a `` gentleman '' . Everything is brought full circle and just about everyone gets what they deserve by the time the novel ends.GREAT EXPECTATIONS is n't the easiest of books to read . What many writers can do in a sentence often takes Dickens two pages to tell . Also , the book is divided into three phases and the second phase is rather boring -LRB- except at the end -RRB- and really does nothing more than to fill in a few plot gaps and illustrate to us how much of a prig Pip becomes . Nevertheless , GREAT EXPECTATIONS is still a good story containing some very vivid characters
 I first read this book when I was in eighth grade . Ever since then , I have been going back to it because even though I know how the events will eventually turn out , this book always retains the magic touch to entertain and keep one hoping that the main character Pip will live a happy life.Upon reading the first page , the reader is drawn into a world of mystery and suspense . The reader is whisked into an English cemetry from olden times and what draws the reader further is the presence of a little boy crying , afraid of the eerie atmosphere . To make matters worse , a very strange looking man appears to frighten the little boy even further . The suspense just begins.As if this was n't enough for the little boy crying in the cemetry , Pip goes on to face even more difficulties in life . Pip meets with the strange Miss Havisham who forever wears her white wedding gownn . Pip feels forever alienated by the proud Estella , whom he has fallen in love with . The problem is -- Estella does n't seem to care at all . To her , Pip is a poor , common boy.Excitement builds up as Pip is granted the chance to become a gentleman with prosperity . Will Estella care about him now ? Will Pip remain the same kind-hearted young man he was when he was poor or will he change?Even though I have long found the `` answers '' -LRB- there are two different endings in the orginal -RRB- I am still amazed at how Dickens creates fascinating characters and fills his novels with mystery , suspense and romance .
 I read this book in high school years ago and just recently read it for the second time . Dickens never disappoints .
 This is yet another great story by Dickens . Throughout the book I kept thinking , I know what will happen . How obvious . What was obvious was how wrong I was each time . Follow young Pip from boyhood to manhood . See how he goes to become a gentleman -LRB- make his fortune in our terms -RRB- and what comes of it . This is a story about growing up and learning what is important in life . It is full of Dickens ' excellent descriptions and characters and their relationships.If you like any Dickens story you will like this one as well . If you have never read Dickens , you should.For Kindle owners . I only saw two errors . Both words probably had accents on characters as missing characters appeared as question marks -LRB- ? -RRB- , so I am not positive what the words actually were -LRB- one was French -RRB- and to be honest , I never bothered to look them up . But those were the only two . The book contains a table of contents that works fine . I did not see page numbers on this version . Overall , no reason to pay for a copy , this was excellent .
 Excellent copy . Clean . New . thank you . Suggestion to reader
 This isnt merely a classic , it is a book that is dear to my heart and inspired me as both a writer and a person . Many of the free classic ebooks have poor formating or other problems but there are none here that I notice . I highly recommend this wonderful book andfor free you cant beat that price .
 This is a book worth reading , and it 's a shame my first experience with it was having it force-fed to me 22 years ago as a high school sophomore or junior . I only wish I could find the crappy , soulless joke of a book report I regurgitated from Cliff 's Notes to please my teacher and get that all-important `` A. '' Suffice to say that if I found it I would not post it here.Having re-read the book , I now can say with certainty that Dickens is a brilliant writer and storyteller . His use of language is phenomenal , and his characters tell a deep emotional tale . I suspect it is the tale of Dickens ' own childhood dilemma
 From start to finish , awesome . From the moment I opened it , until I finished , I was entranced . Read it in one sitting . Without a doubt , my favorite book of all time .
 `` Great Expectations '' as well as other Dickens novels like `` Oliver Twist '' were written with a purpose . Dickens was so against some of the evils of his time that he had to do something to speak out against them . And he did . He represents in the lives of his characters the thousands of children forced into inhumane working conditions . And that is just one of wrongs he set out to correct . Carefully read , Dickens provides countless details of English life with its evils and triumphs . I have read several of his novels and always find them inspiring as well as educational .
 I am not going to bore you with excerpts from the text . But I 'll say this , Great Expectations is one of the most compassionate novels a person can read . The complexity of the plot adds a certain greatness which undoubtedly entices the attention of the reader . The story itself teaches us to never give up hope and that our destiny does not depend on our social status ; but rather , the quality of our character .
 Great Expectations is a very interesting book to read , from the beginiing scene with Pip at the graveyard to the touching ending of Pip with Estella , Charles Dickens has described wonderfully the plot and all the characters involved and how they all finally fit into place . A very good book to read ...
 Blantantly predictable , -LRB- I mean , you knew old Havisham was going to burn , did n't you ? -RRB- Clunky plot , inevitable morality tale , and still the most bloody wonderful story ever ! I would watch Great Expectations on the big screen , I 'd watch the mini-series , I 'd pay to see it live on Broadway - and none of that would compare with reading it again .
 My English teacher from my freshman year in high school did n't like this book , but I loved it ! I thought Pip was pretty cute when he was a little boy , and I really did n't see any change in him when he became rich like my teacher said . This is a great book , and it 's the only book I liked that I ever read in English class along with ` Anthem ' and ` Of Mice and Men ' . Like most books it goes slow at first , but you get into it more and more . Although I really , really do like this book , I refuse to see the movie which stars Ethan Hawke and Gwenyth Paltrow , because just by looking at the commericals and the pictures from the movie , I could tell that it 's not like the book at all and for that , I know that I would hate it . As a matter of fact , my friend told me that it was n't . So , I refuse to see the movie , but I was able to see an older movie of the book and I liked it , because it was like the book and that 's what I like . This is a wonderful book and I would n't mind reading it again ! A must have for any literature fans who like to sit back , relax , and well ... read .
 This is definitely one book that I 'll read again and again throughout my life . If I had to pick a favorite character , it would probably be Estelle because even though she was cold and distant and VERY conceited , she still had a heart of gold . It was lonely Miss Havisham who made Estelle the cold-hearted person that she was . I would recommend this book to anyone who is interested in reading about interesting characters that continue to develop throughout the story .
 I 've been out of college for awhile . Being away from literature and into the `` Real World , '' I had almost forgotten what reading a good book is like . I picked this up and literally could n't do anything else until I finished reading it ! Highly recommended for anyone who loves good fiction .
 A blacksmith 's apprentice , Pip , is chosen by an unknown benefactor to become a gentleman because he has `` great expectations . '' Pip 's outlook on life changes as he develops into a gentleman , falls in love , and realizes how important family and friends are . The characterization in this book is fantastic -LRB- as is usual for Dickens -RRB- , and the story has some deeply moving parts . However , it 's not my favorite Dickens novel . I 'm not sure why this seems to be one of his most popular . But it was certainly enjoyable !
 I recently reread this wonderful classic and was mesmerized by it all over again - a must read for anyone who has not read this book .
 Great Expectations is the 19th novel by Charles Dickens . The story is narrated by Pip , brought up by hand by his sister , Mrs Joe Gargery , commanded to attend Miss Havisham , jilted bride now in decay , where he falls in love with the beautiful Estella and decides he wants to be a gentleman . Eventually , apprenticed to Joe Gargery , blacksmith , he comes into a fortune , and is convinced his benefactor is Miss Havisham , intending him to become a gentleman so he can marry Estella . Miss Havisham 's intentions for Estella , of course , differ markedly from this . Dickens includes a rich cast of characters
 What a wonderful masterpiece . Touched every part of me . I wish there could be a lot more writings like this around . Love it .
 No more buying audio books anywhere else than on Amazon.com ! This one is just perfectly recorded , read and it 's a pleasure to listen to it ! I do highly recommend it who is bored reading paper versions !
 Pip has to be one of the most complex innocent characters I have ever encountered and his story is one of the strangest . One Christmas , Pip accidentally crosses paths with a criminal on the run and he provides the criminal with supplies -- under duress , but he does it and does n't give the guy up . Years pass , and Pip begins spending time with the lonely Miss Havershim on her derelict estate with her daughter , Estella . Pip falls in love with Estella , but like her mother , Estella claims she can not return anyone 's love.When Pip enters young adulthood , he discovers that any anonymous benefactor has given him a large sum of money and moves him from the colorful and calm fields of the country to the dreary dampness of London , and a life of sophistication.Through this adventure , Pip explores his sense of integrity , his values , and the depth of his faith in the goodness of others .
 *** This review may contain spoilers *** Like practically every other American student , I encountered Dickens 's `` Great Expectations '' -LRB- hereafter GE -RRB- in an abridged version in junior high , then the complete text when I was much older . In my opinion , GE is a glorious -LRB- not glorified -RRB- soap opera chronicling the wildly fluctuating vicissitudes of Philip Pirrip 's -LRB- Pip 's -RRB- eventful life , from an orphaned , tormented child apprenticed to genial blacksmith Joe to , by a turn of ironic fate , a wealthy `` gentleman '' of leisure . As been often noted , Dickens created worlds , if not universes , in his novels , and GE is certainly no exception . In this review , I will try to avoid detailing the plot , which is already well-known . Instead , I will comment upon Dickens 's use of backstory and flashback to flesh out most of the major characters in the novel.Even the most colorful , flamboyant characters in GE are not one-dimensional or stereotypically good or evil . We learn how Miss Havisham 's marital jilting by Arthur compelled her to become a spectral recluse in her gloomy estate . We learn how Miss Havisham 's misanthropic upbringing caused her frosty ward Estella -LRB- whose name suggests a blazing but distant star -RRB- to become an inaccessible man-hater . We learn how Magwitch , Pip 's surprising benefactor , became a convict through cynical ad hominem prosecution in the barbaric English court system , was transported to the penal colony that was Australia , and how he acquired the money through hardship just to help the orphan Pip , who showed him mercy at the graveyard , and why he risked arrest in London to see his gentleman . We learn that Estella 's mother , servant to Mr. Jaggers the lawyer , was convicted of murder but saved , after a fashion , by the lawyer and how she had to sacrifice her daughter so that she could become a lady . We even learn about the somewhat schizophrenic Wemmick , Jagger 's clerk , who is sullen and joyless at work but positively animated and exuberant when he is at home -LRB- The Castle -RRB- with his elderly invalid father The Aged . Through these backstories , we find out that no Dickensian character is ultimately utterly despicable , or demonic , or flawless , or saintly . They are all achingly human , trying to live life the best they can.Since GE is primarily about the growth and development of Pip , we witness his human complexity most of all . In a paraphrase of a comment made by his friend Herbert , Pip is intelligent and naive , curious and hesitant , loyal and perfidious , snobbish but introspective , a false gentleman -LRB- through wealth -RRB- and a true gentleman -LRB- through re-discovered contrition , feeling , and love -RRB- . Dickens 's revelation of the humanity that still lurks in the most wretched of us is encapsulated nicely by Pip 's caretaker and brother-in-law , the brawny but forgiving Joe , who says about his abusive father , `` Whatsumever the failings on his part , dear reader , remember that he was that good in his heart '' . This noble , some may say Christian , sentiment , elevates GE beyond its busy , coincidental melodramatic soap opera plottings and trains its sharp focus on the multifaceted levels of the human condition .
 Compared to other Dickens ' books I have read , this one is the most bizarre and strange story , and it took a little bit of adjustment to get into it . But it did n't take long to lose myself in the magical , grand drama by this literary wizard . As usual , this book has rich background materials , the marshes , deprivation , violence , mysterious and dark past , turns and twists , surprises and over the top coincidences , vengence and forgiveness ... The first person perspective by the protagonist is candid and often humorous as well as insightful about the conflict and frustration of an underprevileged person with aspirations in the society where status of a person is not very mobile . The title is fantastic , Great Expectations ! How great , and how ominous ! Indeed !
 Great Expectationsby Charles Dickens ; I know that had I been required to read this book for 9th grade English , I 'm pretty sure that I would have hated it . As it was it took me better than a month to get through the first half of the story ... and then I raced through the second half in a couple of days on my Christmas Kindle . A classic story of poor boy makes good , loses his good fortune , finds it again through sacrifice and character and hard work . Lots of interesting examinations of British class separation and discrimination , expectations , and dry humor . Looking forward to more by Dickens .
 This book failed to capture my attention in school , but having read the first chapter more recently I was immediately hooked and could n't recommend a greater classical read with a style that is still relevant to today 's reader .
 Finally read this classic , and enjoyed every minute of it . While some of the language was a bit of a challenge to decipher , that contributed greatly to the enjoyment of this book . Highly recommended ...
 I had to read this book in fifth grade English class , I did n't read it and now I want to , I have n't finished it yet but I like it . So far I 'm at the part were Pip is playing cards with that snobby girl , I ca n't remember her name .
 Reading Dickens is a magical experience . Once you start reading , you are completely drawn into the world he is creating . Marvelous story teller , incredible writer , fascinating characters . Great Expectations is a great book , by a master of the craft .
 I enjoyed reading this book in my school days . Its a very great book with a good story.One of the greatest works by Charles Dickens .
 Dickens is a superb writer . I love his descriptions and character development . For us , he gives some insight into the era , which is quite interesting . And , it is a good story with interesting people .
 I love the fact that I can download classic pieces of literature for free on my phone . I do n't own a Kindle and only read on my phone when I 've forgotten a hard copy of a book . The pages are crisp and clear and I can bookmark easily .
 Get characters . All kinds of emotional confrontations . Some things would be politically incorrect now . Loved it . Nice break from some of the thrown together single topic stories I 've read recently .
 it is a good book , i am ready to use some time to read it , in my childhood , saw its simple story , now i can read it prove
 Wonderful reading it up again . Brought back so many childhood memories and thrills !! Worth reading over and over !
 I enjoyed reading this novel mostly because of the rich text and language Dickens used to display the imagery . Dickens wrote this piece in such detail that allows the audience to fully engage in the text , relate to Pip and his struggles , and bring a deeper thought to the way we treat our individual social statuses . As citizens of the United States , we are obligated to work our way to `` the top of the food chain '' . The majority of the time , we are not given a high status , by blood or other means , to build a superior reputation for ourselves . Therefore we must have the will and determination to make our personal goals become reality . In Great Expectations , Pip 's struggles and adventures are great examples of how the audience can relate to the story line and setting throughout the novel to our own personal lives.I thought that Dickens ' creatively demonstrated that an individual 's social status is not what determines the rights of respect and standards on a person 's character . The ability to prove our greater meaning in this world is not something that the government can label us on . As humans , we have the right to make mistakes and errors in life , but out of the morals and standards in which we uphold allow us to make those mistakes result in a learning experiences . Pip strives to become a better man throughout the novel for various reasons . However , Great Expectations allows us to see the connection between the book and real life . In both situations there are / will be countless obstacles getting in the way of ambitions we set . When Pip decides to leave Joe behind and pursuit his ambitions of becoming a true gentleman he made a decision , much like Dickens himself , to benefit his own life . With any decision there must be great responciblity and will.Personally , I strongly believe that anyone can improve their well-being within a reasonable manner . Only with dedication and support from relatives or friends can one truly achieve their goal . Sometimes our goals do n't have the exact result we wished for , but we should be grateful for what we have and work hard for what we want to improve . What I have learned from this book is that no matter what your status is in school , work , at home , or in society as a whole , we all have the ability to make something greater of ourselves . Each individual has the capability to achieve all of ambitions in life we wish to imagine .
 This is one of my favorite books , so when I got my kindle I was delighted to see it for free . Had to have it .
 Love this book , love the language , love the message.Radical ideas in the time and classed-society he wrote it in.Beyond all that , it 's just a fun read .
 A great story by a great author ! One of my favorite books . I highly recommend to anyone who loves to read .
 digital books are perfect and easy to use ! They take up no space on the bookshelf and are always with you !!!
 Loved it the first time , now re-reading it on my Kindle ! It allows you to change the color of the background and size of text .
 I got into reading a lot this past fall and have n't been able to stop . I read in a couple of different series one of the main characters mention reading a few old books from Great Britain . I decided to read them to see what I was missing out on . I love this book . I never care for endings ... that means I have to find a new book !!! LOL but this has up , downs , twists and turns ; I am so glad I took the time to read it .
 Dickens is a master of personalities . He never wastes a character he introduces . They are all tied in to the plot . In Pip he brings out all the good and evil in people . Though I was hoping for a happier ending , its anticlimatic that both Pip and Estella find themselves together years later though neither one fulfilled their life &#34; Expectations . &#34; This is my second time reading this great book and I would read it a thousand times and still love it .
 How cold you not love this book ? It 's a classic . The internal struggle Pip goes through and crazy old Miss Havisham are brought to life through the author 's mastery of the written word .
 Charles Dickens was one of the most popular writers of all time , creating some of the best-known characters in English literature . In the book `` Great Expectations '' , the protagonist and narrator , Pip begins the story as a young orphan boy being grown up by his sister . I like this book , because Charles Dickens takes you right inside the Pip 's mind and you live through the events and discoveries of his life with him . Pip is passionate , romantic and somewhat unrealistic at heart . That makes the novel interesting . Of course , you can not forget the great love story -LRB- Pip and Estella -RRB- . The other characters Magwitch , Miss Havisham , Joe Gargery , Miss Joe , Estella , Mr Jaggers and Mr Wemmick are all unique and special in their way and they add to the novel 's richness . Another thing I really liked was how all of the characters are interrelated to each other in ways that you may not discover until you get to the end of the novel . This novel will make you sometimes laugh and sometimes make you feel sad , but it is always entertaining . Latif Dose simplifies the texts . The language is very clear . There are not old English words and this gives the reader much pleasure while reading the novel . I think most young people would like this novel because it 's not as hard to read as an other classic books . I recommend Great Expectations to anyone who wants to read a good , classic book because Great Expectations has a little bit of everything in it , mystery , romance and suspense . You can not easily find all of these properties in other novels , which makes `` Great Expectations '' a special and a classic one . . That makes this novel very different . It is probably one of the top ten English novels of the 19th century . Some of the passages are beautiful . I can not forget Pip 's response to Estella when she says `` You will get me out of thoughts in a week . ''
 There is really no need to recount the plot of this classic - I think most people who are thinking about reading it already know it is a story of poor boy done good and has wrong assumptions about how he comes about it . But despite the storyline being well-worn , there is till so much to get from this story . What comes across most clearly is the theme that nothing comes without strings-attached - Pip 's great fortune , that at first looked like manna from on high , turns out to cause more trouble than it is worth.Dickens is a joy to read - his description is masterful , and his ability to paint pictures of his eccentric characters is unsurpassed - the contrasts between the charming Mr Wemmick and the slimy Mr Jaggers ; the amazing Miss Havisham ; the self important Pumblechook -LRB- who I could not stand ! Is there any character in literature so annoyingly self-deluded ? -RRB- . My absolute favourite is Joe - his convoluted ways of attempting to pass information onto Pip , his attempts to spare Pip from his evil sister and his localised venacular . The only disappointing characters are the two main ones - Pip comes across as insipid , uninspiring , and frankly undeserving of the fortune that he falls into . Estella is so sketchily drawn that you never get any feel for her , and I think that given how much complexity Dickens manages for some of the minor characters , he could have afforded more to Estella.However , this is a great read . Do n't read it just because you fell you ` have to read a classic ' - read it because it is a well written story with the right balance of humour and pathos .
 I do n't think I 'd be giving away much of the plot if I were to say that the story revolves around Pip , a young , middle class orphan who has dreams to be a wealthy , respected gentleman , but has no hope of this as he is a rural blacksmith apprentice . His prospecs change , however , when a mysterious , anonymous benefactor offers to make Pip 's dream a reality . I wo n't give away the ending , but the novel supports Dickens ' belief that the middle class is the class to which people should aspire.The plot of this story was n't to my liking . Dickens ' attempts towards the end to wrap all the subplots into one neat little package annoyed me ... similar to plot twists in modern Hollywood movies -- things so outrageously convienent that it makes one want to roll his eyes . The manner in which things are written , however is fantastic . While the main characters are rather boring , the minor characters , -LRB- especially Biddy , Herbert Pocket , and John Wemmick -RRB- were much more interesting . Thankfully , Dickens focused on them enough to flesh them out and make them memorable . I would recommend this book , not because I enjoy the plot , but because the writing style is superior and because I , being lower middle class , enjoyed the positive viewpoint Dickens extended concerning my class .
 What have I missed all these years ? I 'm ashamed to admit that this is the first Charles Dickens ' I 've read and I 'm 40 ! Heavens forbid ! Do n't make the same mistake ... read this book now!I 've spent the past week being thoroughly entertained by Pip ! No wonder Dickens ' is considered such a great writer ... this book will have you laughing out loud , and being inspired by the incredible depth of understanding Dickens has for the human condition at all levels of society ... and he manages to do so while weaving a story about one young boy 's transformation and maturation ... and the tradeoffs for every choice in life.Once you pick this book up , you wo n't want to put it down until you finish . It 's that good !
 Dickens , along with Dostoevsky , stands atop my list of novelists who could most accurately portray the subtleties of human emotion and passion . `` Great Expectations '' is simply a masterpiece of 19th-century fiction , and is pure Dickens . In this semi-autobiographical work -LRB- a trademark of Dickens ' writings -RRB- , the life of a poor young boy , Pip , is followed from his humble beginnings to his rise into the middle-class , due to the mysterious aid of an unknown benefactor . His pursuit of Estella , a beautiful young girl raised to break the hearts of men by her jilted caretaker , Ms. Havisham , is a classic of literature that has been repeated countless times since . The tragic , gradual break between Pip and his family -LRB- particularly the humble but caring Joe -RRB- is heartwrenching . Pip 's eventual realization of the insincerity of the middle class , and his love for Joe , brought tears to my eyes . `` Great Expectations '' is a wonderful , moving book that has been copied and satired again and again , from Mishima 's `` Forbidden Colors '' to South Park . An important and unforgettable novel !
 A great story about a young man who has lost his mother and father and is being raised by only his older sister , Charles Dickens ' `` Great Expectations '' is a story of diversity , poverty , and growing up . Pip , the proantaganist of the story , is a boy in England . The story is about the adventures of life . As Pip grows up , he must strive to understand what is going on , and why it is going on.The book is very long and almost covers Pip 's entire life . The book is enriched with humor that we can all relate to . Short episodes make up the majority of the book . Dickens is able to link the episodes together and a way that gives the readers a meaning behind the stories
 This book shows alot of character and keeps you wondering what this little boy is going to go through next . charles dickens is a wonderful writer . This book should be made mandantory for all students to read while they are still in high school .
 Okay , look . I 'm a teenager , 15 years old . And even I have to appreciate this classic . Charles Dickens knew what he was doing , okay ? Great Expectations is a classic , and there 's a reason it 's a classic . For the plain and simple fact it was well written , with an interesting plot and a good twist . Just because something does n't contain profanity , sex and violence does n't mean it should be presumed boring . A basic summary - it tells the story of life , obsessions and social status . As far as I 'm concerned , it is n't boring . Just wake up to yourselves , teenage world . Virginia Andrews is n't the extent of reading pleasure .
 I find myself surprised at the comments provided by earlier reviewers . One critic gave `` Great Expectations '' one star because he/she failed a test . Why should Dickens be blamed for that ? Another said there was no structure -LRB- in a Dickens novel ??? -RRB- . Another , that there was `` little direction and less power . '' That there was no theme and no plot . Perhaps I am seeing things that are n't there but , whatever the shortcomings are , it is not in plot , themes , or characterization . It is the story of the orphan Philip Pirrip , known to everyone as Pip , from the age of about seven to the age of twenty-three , with a brief section at the end that takes place about eleven years later . Pip is being brought up `` by hand '' by his loud and quarrelsome sister and her kind and quiet husband , the blacksmith Joe Gargery . Young Pip is soon asked to serve in the home of Miss Havisham , who appears to be half mad since the day , years earlier , when she had been left at the alter by her old lover . Miss Havisham is raising a young girl named Estella to be heartless in her treatment of men when she grows up as a form of revenge against all men . And , Pip naturally falls in love with her . After a few years , Pip finds himself wealthy due to some unknown benefactor -LRB- who he mistakenly thinks is Miss Havisham and who he also believes has planned to have Estella marry him when they are older -RRB- and he now has `` great expectations '' made of him . He plans to become a gentleman and he leaves the kind and devoted Joe to live in London , Pip hoping to leave behind his humble past of which he now feels ashamed . After a few more years , he discovers that his unknown benefactor was Abel Magwitch whom he had helped when he was seven . Magwitch had been convicted and deported to Australia where he became a wealthy sheepman . Even though Magwitch was forbidden to return to England , he does so just to see the young man he had been helping to become a gentleman . Through problems with the law trying to arrest Magwitch , problems with Magwitch 's past , the loss of the fortune and of Pip 's great expectations , and through illness , Pip discovers the basic goodness in Joe , the devotion of Magwitch and of Pip 's close friend Herbert Pocket , and what really is important . He discovers the value of family and of close friends and confidants . Estelle , who had married a cruel oaf , also learns her lessons and finds that she may have a heart as well -LRB- in the more common of the two endings of the novel -RRB- . This is a great novel .
 If you 're like me , you were forced to read some Dickens in High School and found him to be pedantic and to sound archaic . What a pleasure it is to read him now . GE gives you a terrific story , wonderful use of language and insight into the lifestyle and prejudices of Victorian England . Unlike Jane Austen , this one works for the mature male reader . At this low price , it 's a must read . Go for it .
 A pleasure to read . I am really enjoying it To be cliched , it is a classic and I would reccomend it to anyone . Great characters , some mystery , humour and emotion .
 This is the first Dickens book I 've read and I enjoyed it very much - have just bought more of his novels . The few illustrations in this version are lovely and do really add to the pleasure of reading this book.This version has both endings -LRB- the one ` official ' that Dickens added after the fact once a friend pointed out that the original ending was to dismal and the ` original ' ending -RRB- . I tend to prefer the original ending , but you would have to read the book to see for yourself ... Would really recommend reading this book !
 Well written and the drawings are wonderful . The story itself is well written and put in a time period which was a difficult time for children who did n't have much finances or many options to obtain employment they would enjoy . the thoughts through the boys eyes are amazing after all the situations he gets into . even a little trouble could be a really big deal back then .
 Ca n't believe I had never read this , not even seen a movie based onthis book ! How shocking . I had no good excuse not to get it , as it was freefor Kindle at the time . Oprah also has this on her book list.I really found it very interesting and was caught up in the storyline very quickly . I love historical romances anyway . This is not really a romance , though there isa complicated love in the main character 's life . This book reminds me of the broodingclassics like Heathcliff . That seemed to be the thing back then.It will not hurt anyone to read it , and you might even enjoy it !
 Charles Dickens is absolutely classic . I read this book in high school myself , now my son is reading it . I 'm sure he 'll enjoy . It 's a brand new paper back book at a great price . You ca n't go wrong buying this .
 Charles Dickens was a great and talented writer . It takes some getting use to the style and manner of expression . I enjoyed getting the feel of what it was like in the old days of Britain .
 I am making my way through Charles Dickens ... not in any particular order ... the first few I 've picked are mostly familiar through TV or film adaptations that I 've enjoyed and/or on the recommendations of friends . `` Bleak House '' was my first read , finished last month . `` Great Expectations '' is my second read.What can I say ? I am just so enamored with Dickens 's story-telling and character development that I have a fear that when I am done reading his canon I 'll have to declare a 13-way tie for first place . We 'll see.Between Bleak House and Great Expectations I * almost have a two-way tie for first place , in no small part because they are such different types of books ... Bleak House was a universe of characters and subplots ; Great Expectations fewer characters and not as much intrigue , although the last 1/4 to 1/3 of the book is riveting . And some good comedy also.But I am going to put GE at # 1 and BH at # 2 ... while I loved Bleak House as I read it , and have a few favorite characters , `` Great Expectations '' will * stay with me * much much longer I think ... Bleak House is brilliant -LRB- really brilliant -RRB- for its commentary on the period and for its settings and for its intricacies ; Great Expectations is brilliant because it is simple and timeless.I 'm not nearly vain or clever enough to think I 'm the first to recognize this , but three neat things about Great Expectations are
 It is one of the magnificent books in history that everyone should have . Thats why I decided to have this one . It is Dickens at its best . : -RRB-
 It is one the novels I love most . I love it very much ! Wish Amzaon provide frequently this kind of excellent novels by free .
 This novel was my first taste of Dickens and I have to say I was fairly surprised , and that in a very positive sense . Not only I did n't find it overly `` wordy '' or else , but extremely well written . But that 's details . This novel is very intense and has unforgettable characters in it , honestly . It 's very emotional and it 's a trip . A trip that lasted two weeks for me , and that I will not soon forget , if ever . I wholeheartedly recommend this book for those of you who love literature , and even for those of you who are not literature-buffs , because the novel is very readable so do n't be afraid of its length if you 're not used to reading classics and such.Dickens , I realised , can be surprisingly funny at times , and this without ever losing his capacity to create strongly emotional moments and images . As there seems to be tons of reviews for this book already I 'll stop mine here and just tell you that if you 're interested in this book , go for it !
 I never wanted to read this book , but a friend convinced me when he learned that I loved Pip on South Park -LRB- I found the little nerd funny -RRB- . This was the best advice I 'd ever taken . Reading this not only made me love Charles Dickens , but gave me a late start on loving reading in general.Granted , it 's a difficult book to read . Dickens packs his book with descriptions and long sentences -LRB- yet every word is important and helps with understanding -RRB- and he 's not easy to get through . Yet Dickens still , with all his flaws , remains a masterful storyteller . His characters are n't deep , but they 're relatable and memorable . I love Pip , Estella , Miss Havisham , Joe , Herbert Pocket , Magwitch , and Aged P , and even though I 've read this book a long time ago , I love them just as much now as I did then.It 's a shame that people have to read this for school -LRB- I did so for my second time -RRB- . It 's a wonderful story that should be enjoyed by itself . If you have n't been made to read it , do so now . Push yourself through it and take your time -LRB- it took me a month to finish the book myself -RRB- . You 'll be glad you did . Assignments make you rush and over-analyze stories , and Dickens should never be read that way .
 Great Expectations was a remarkable book . I really enjoyed it . I did n't really have great expectations before I read it . It was about a little English boy named Pip . Pip is a poor kid who suddenly inherits a bunch of money and becomes rich . When he was poor he hated the way rich people treated poor people , but he finds himself doing treating poor people horribly when rich . He finally learns that everyone deserves to be treated with the same respect , even those less fortunate . This was an interesting book , but a tough book to understand , I would probably recommend it only for adults .
 When I was assigned to present a novel for my English class at Mercy High School , I thought of Great Expectations because I had read it five years ago and remembered that I had liked it . I thought that it was rather straight forward and did n't remember having difficulty reading it . When I read it for a second time , however , I realized that it was alot more complex . The reading was simple and getting through the book was easy , but Dickens made his story one worth contemplating by expressing the many sides life with his characters . What made the people he wrote about so wonderful was his ability to make them unique and entertaining , yet so believable as human beings coping with ordinary problems that the reader had no problem sympathizing with them .
 Charles Dickens develops the characters , the plot , and the conflicts in Great Expectations spectacularly . The characters Dickens develops throughout the story are human and easy to connect with . Pip is the most real to life character , because he exhibits the most human-like qualities . Pip is a very personable character that makes the reader feel sorrow and happiness along with him . As Pip looks to better himself and become a gentleman , he comes to realize a very important life lesson ; money can not buy happiness . As Pip goes through the story , he allows the reader to see and feel exactly what he feels and sees.Estella is described as a beautiful young woman that captures Pip 's heart . Estella has a very insensitive personality , and enjoys making Pip cry ; something everyone has encountered in a person some time in his/her life.Herbert is a young man with many dreams and aspirations . Herbert becomes Pip 's best friend , and Pip realizes that this young man works very hard for what he believes in . This is the kind of friend that will push a person where they would not normally go by themselves.Abel Magwitch is the convict that Pip encounters at the beginning of the story . Magwitch gives Pip a large amount of money to start his life as a gentleman . Magwitch is the kind of person that would give the clothes off of his back to anyone in need . Magwitch is also a very personable character because he is not all good or all evil . He exhibits both of these ; he is a convict and he devotes his life 's earnings to Pip.Charles Dickens develops an outstanding plot as the novel unfolds . There are many life lessons throughout the novel . Pip realizes that all of the money in the world can not buy happiness . Pip also finds out that true love is not just the woman he can not obtain , because love has to be much more . The plot has many twists and turns throughout . There is always something new happening to Pip . It is almost like a soap opera , because there are so many people and events interacting with each other during the novel . When the plot becomes a little thin , Dickens begins to create suspense for the next big event about to occur . Dickens chooses to develop the plot through the character 's actions . Not once did Dickens explain what was happening in the story , he let the characters take over , and within a few pages all questions were answered.The novel has many conflicts that develop throughout the plot . Pip and Estella have a love-hate relationship going on . Pip loves Estella , but she could care less about him . Pip and Joe have a conflict , too . Pip wants to see much less of Joe now that he is a gentleman , but Joe just wants to see Pip , period . Pip thinks he is too good for Joe , even though he is still just the same human as he was before . Money changes people 's outlook on life . Pip was once a benevolent , caring , young man , but once he fell into money , he changed dramatically in the way he acted towards others . These conflicts provide for some pretty interesting facets in the story . Charles Dickens develops the characters , the plot , and the conflicts excellently throughout the novel .
 Truly one of the best books I 've read . I could hardly put it down - I carried it everywhere I went . The novel has humor , suspense , and action . All of the characters are delightful and important to the story . And I like the revised ending better than the original .
 This version of Charles Dickens ' `` Great Expectations '' may make a fine read
 Although this book is a bit slow moving at times , it is worthwile sticking with it to the end . A timeless classic about love , happpiness , and family , this book really carries a lot of hidden meanings , so read closely . You are sure to love the wonderfully drawn out characters and plots !
 Great Expectations is a really good book . The plot is suspensful and you do n't know what to expect . Also , the main characters are all very well developed . Like I said before it is really good , but if you do n't like the classics do n't bother because then it will be very boring .
 I too am one of those high school kids that was forced to read the book freshman year . But unlike most of them I loved the book . It was with in my textbook which made it hard to read but other then that I could not put it down . The themes of the story are so inviting that you ca n't wait to read about what happens next . Dickens kept the tone inving and I kept going back to read more . I am now a junior and reading the book yet again for a history assignment and even though I know what is happening I still ca n't put it down.To all the freshman out there that have to read this book
 the course of the year I try to read a few , `` Important Novels '' in order to get a fuller understanding of literature . Dicken 's `` Great Expectations '' has been on my list for nearly a year . I completely dreaded reading what I thought would be a long and drawn out story about something I could careless about . Well , I was wrong . `` Great Expectations '' is now # 1 on my all-time favorites list . While , admittedly , it took me roughly 150 pages to get any enjoyment out of the novel - once I was in - I was hooked . Pip 's journey through life is a very refreshing look at how distorted we let our lives become by focusing on the unimportant . Dicken 's ability to slowly alter Pip 's views on life , without changing his essential character/morales -LRB- Ex . How Pip looks to help his friend in his business pursuits -RRB- . Some have called `` Great Expecations '' his masterpiece ... but in my opinion , it may be the `` Masterpiece '' of English Literature.I also wonder why this is required High School reading . While I loved this book at age 28 , I think most 16 year-olds would find it unbearable . It seems like such a waist to ruin both the book and Dicken 's name on minds that are not ready for such a reading task .
 Great Expectations is an exciting story dramatically done in this audio presentation .
 Many people may find Charles Dicken 's `` Great Expectations , '' dated , due to it 's time period and its flowery 19th century language . True , the book is extremely wordy , and there are many words you 'll be getting out a dictionary for reference , and yes it 's very slow moving , but it 's wonderful.The book focuses on a young boy , who becomes a young man , named Pip , raised by his over dominating sister , and a kind blacksmith , Joe Gargory . For awhile Pip has gratitude for living in the town , but , when he is spurned by the rich Estella and Miss Havisham , he wants to be something greater , someone richer . Being rich falls into his lap , but not without consequences . The book is about the follies of false vanities , of turning ones back on those who loved you , on trying to chase an uncatchable dream from those who do n't reciprocate feelings , -LRB- in this case Pip 's devotion to the haughty Estella -RRB- and for neglecting the good values of life for the ostentatious ones . Too often in todays society people -LRB- I 'm guilty of this too -RRB- forget about what 's truly important , family and good friends , and associate with only the proud and the , what they deem to be , the important . In the process they get too wrapped up by material wealth rather than the simple beauties around them.Aside from the basic story , the characterization in this novel is wonderful . Dicken 's has really created some memorable characters , full of depth and complexity . The dull headed , but kind , Joe Gargory , and the haughty , but lonely , Estella , along with the mournful and bitter Miss Havisham will stay with the reader long after he/she finishes the book.Reading this book is a treat . Peruse it 's pages and enjoy .
 I 'm not a huge fan of Charles Dickens , but I have read a number of his books for reports and for reading . I 've read Great Expectations for class and for personal reading . First of all the book is much easier to read then David Copperfield and others . The beginning is really riveting , and from there it keeps going . This book made me look to my personal life to see if I was finding happiness in the right things . I would read it at least once .
 I loved this book . I have to admit in the beginning it was a bit of a chore to get `` into '' it but once I did I was just swept away . I especially loved the characters in it . I found myself putting the book down to tell my husband how mad I was at Pip . Joe , Estella , Abel Magwitch , Mr.Jaggers and of course Miss Haversham are unforgettable ! A great book once you give it a fair chance . I am so glad that I stuck to it !
 Before you reads this book , examine the title , and what great expectations do , so the events seem less shocking.This story is quite bittersweet and ironic , with a lot of interweaven and connected plots-not just of Pip 's life . These plots make understanding this book , along with the rich dialect , quite difficult -LRB- where it lost the star -RRB- but amazing . ADVICE
 Dickens has a very vivid imagination . He express himself in a bizzare way in all of his works . In this novel , however , he out does himself . This book has a strange air about it . I was rather confused how Miss Havisham could be so confined . Why anyone would let a man upset them so much . They really are n't worth that much . The storyline was very interesting . I found the book easy to follow . Overall I would say a must read
 acceptable , ace * , admirable , agreeable , bad , boss * , bully , capital , choice , commendable , congenial , crack * , deluxe , excellent , exceptional , favorable , first-class , first-rate , gnarly , gratifying , great , honorable , marvelous , neat * , nice , pleasing , positive , precious , prime , rad , recherch&eacute; , reputable , satisfactory , satisfying , select , shipshape , sound , spanking , splendid , sterling , stupendous , super , super-eminent , super-excellent , superb , superior , tip-top , up to snuff , valuable , welcome , wonderful , worthy
 Classic ! I 've been waiting to read this book forever ! As always very happy with the customer service and the product !
 During the course of the year I try to read a few , `` Important Novels '' in order to get a fuller understanding of literature . Dicken 's `` Great Expectations '' has been on my list for nearly a year . I completely dreaded reading what I thought would be a long and drawn out story about something I could careless about . Well , I was wrong . `` Great Expectations '' is now # 1 on my all-time favorites list . While , admittedly , it took me roughly 150 pages to get any enjoyment out of the novel - once I was in - I was hooked . Pip 's journey through life is a very refreshing look at how distorted we let our lives become by focusing on the unimportant . Dicken 's ability to slowly alter Pip 's views on life , without changing his essential character/morales -LRB- Ex . How Pip looks to help his friend in his business pursuits -RRB- . Some have called `` Great Expecations '' his masterpiece ... but in my opinion , it may be the `` Masterpiece '' of English Literature.I also wonder why this is required High School reading . While I loved this book at age 28 , I think most 16 year-olds would find it unbearable . It seems like such a waist to ruin both the book and Dicken 's name on minds that are not ready for such a reading task .
 I am definately a fan of Great Expectations -LRB- although do n't go see the movie made about it with Gweneth Paltrow -RRB- . I 've had to read this book about three times in high school but I enjoyed it every time . My recommendation will probably mean little because if your still in school you will probably have to read it anyways ... but I still recommend it .
 I was disappointed from the fact that I did not finish the whole book when I was in high school . The plot and the theme of this novel are amazing . I prefer Dickens to stick to his original ending versus the happy and romantic one .
 I may be only a 6th grader , but you would n't believe how much I enjoyed this book . Charles Dickens having a poor childhood because of the little money his family earned , has written a miraculous book having to do with money . Charles Dickens makes his case for there being a potential for good and evil in everyone . I really enjoyed reading this book and if you are looking for a fabulous book to enjoy , I strongly reccomend you read this .
 Charles Dickens has written extrodinary books such as Olivet Twist , David Cooperfield , A Christmas Carol , and of course Great Expectations . You have not read a novel until you have read Great Expectations . It is truly one of Charles Dickens best . In a dramatic story about adventures and drama , Pip faces his greatest adventure . He is trying to reach his goal in life - great expectation . This story has its ups and downs , but otherwise it is dazaling and spectatuliuar . That is why I give Great Expectations two thumbs up .
 I have n't finished the entire book yet , but have wanted to read it for years . The modern movie adaption with Ethan Hawke is one of my favorite movies and I always thought it was a beautiful love story with a real human quality . The book is much different then the movie , but however I believe the modern adaption was incredibley well done considering the difference in time . The book is aslow start but once you are adjusted to the language its actually fast paced reading ... especially when Estella returns . My first Dickens and wo n't be my last . I believe everyone should read the classics
 I got this book assigned to me near the first day of high school this year , and just got finished reading it about a week ago . Let me tell you something , if you know about Dicken 's life , this story is kinda based on it . Let me also say this book is extremely boring in the beginning , because you are learning the peices of the puzzle , but the second half is excellent , and all the peices of the puzzle came together , which is why this is an excellent book . My favorite character was definetely Miss Havisham . Do n't give up on this book !!! This is the kind of book I think needs a small sequel .
 I think that the character development alone makes this novel stand out as one of the best novels of Charles Dickens . The plot summary is also well-crafted , with so many characters intertwining in the books final chapters . We see a personality change in not only Pip , but other major characters such as Estella and Miss Havisham , as we find out that they are all connected in some way.This book might be seen as a rather long and detailed book . Some of the details are probably overdone and unnecessary . This is definitely a book that takes some getting used to . However , I think that one of the morals of the book -- understanding your roots and accepting them -- make this a great book to read.The many characters contrast each other in so many ways , and there are so many good and bad characters , that it becomes a fun book to read . However , you must have patience to read a book this long and detailed.I think this book is well-written -LRB- some of the language is a little tough -RRB- , and Dickens exposes his great writing ability and his abilty to deal with a complex plot and make it all come together in Great Expectations .
 Charles Dickens was one of the most popular writers of all time , creating some of the best-known characters in English literature . In the book `` Great Expectations '' , the protagonist and narrator , Pip begins the story as a young orphan boy being grown up by his sister . I like this book , because Charles Dickens takes you right inside the Pip 's mind and you live through the events and discoveries of his life with him . Pip is passionate , romantic and somewhat unrealistic at heart . That makes the novel interesting . Of course , you can not forget the great love story -LRB- Pip and Estella -RRB- . The other characters Magwitch , Miss Havisham , Joe Gargery , Miss Joe , Estella , Mr Jaggers and Mr Wemmick are all unique and special in their way and they add to the novel 's richness . Another thing I really liked was how all of the characters are interrelated to each other in ways that you may not discover until you get to the end of the novel . This novel will make you sometimes laugh and sometimes make you feel sad , but it is always entertaining . Latif Dose simplifies the texts . The language is very clear . There are not old English words and this gives the reader much pleasure while reading the novel . I think most young people would like this novel because it 's not as hard to read as an other classic books . I recommend Great Expectations to anyone who wants to read a good , classic book because Great Expectations has a little bit of everything in it , mystery , romance and suspense . You can not easily find all of these properties in other novels , which makes `` Great Expectations '' a special and a classic one . . That makes this novel very different . It is probably one of the top ten English novels of the 19th century . Some of the passages are beautiful . I can not forget Pip 's response to Estella when she says `` You will get me out of thoughts in a week . ''
 The book was a gift and really excited my 10 year old godchild . Good seller .
 This audio version is phenomenal ... full of lively interpretation all by one narrator . Yet the lack of a chapter guide makes it extremely difficult to use should you be interested in tracking down a particular chapter . Some chapters start in the middle of disks or even in the middle of tracks . My 7th graders love to listen to it , so it has been worth the aggravation of trying to find which chapter is where .
 I read Great Expectations back in high school , but had forgotten most of it . It was the selection for our book club , so I bought it to read again.Although it 's very long , it 's a wonderful book , rich with detail and timeless for it 's social issues and examination of interpersonal relationships.I had forgotten -LRB- or perhaps did n't appreciate in high school -RRB- how funny Dickens is . His sense of humor , and ability to convey emotion and atmosphere are extraordinary.I got it too late to finish for the book club and had to consult Spark notes -LRB- which are great for summary -RRB- , but I hope to finish it soon . Fabulous read .
 One who enjoys Charles Dickens will love this recording . The voices selected to read the story put the spirit of the author into the work . These talented readers take one into the heart of the story . An excellent rendition of a timeless classic .
 I am a teacher and tried last year to read and teach this novel but used the original . -LRB- 6th graders -RRB- This copy is the novel but an adapted version . The print size , the text appearance are friendly . The authenticity and truth of the story are upheld . All my expectations have been met . There are questions at the end of the text . Wanted about 20 copies but did not want to pay the top price ! Like usual Amazon came to the rescue . Ca n't wait to introduce the children to a classic but closer to their level . It is authentic to so many of the important quotes . Not too many authors have one of their novel 's characters last the test of time , meaning Scrooge . Dickens created him and we know the symbolic Scrooge , one hundred years later ... we need to acknowledge his greatness as a writer .
 I agree this is a great car book . The only problem is I do n't want to get out of my car.The reader does a fabulous job of bringing Dickens many wonderful characters to life . I heartily recommend .
 `` Great Expectations '' was Charles Dickens ' third attempt at writing semi-autobiography , and his most successful . Poor Oliver Twist barely registers in his own book , while David Copperfield becomes a pasteboard figure after reaching adulthood . Pip only grows richer and more complex , and it 's no wonder critics thus see `` Great Expectations '' as the best of the lot.We open with the finest sequence in the novel , along a swampy coastline in southern England where a small boy at his parent 's grave is threatened by a desperate convict . The convict wants food and a file to help cut him free . The boy , Pip , must wrestle with some serious guilt , not to mention the threat of his sister and guardian 's overzealous discipline . Social expectations cut one way , but a rogue feeling of sympathy for the convict guides him another . Which will win out?Pip 's a bit of a prat , but he 's meant to be . After coming into some mysterious money , the former blacksmith 's apprentice abandons those who love him in a doomed attempt to win over Estella , the high-class , heart-challenged ward of balmy Miss Havisham . Estella bothers some people . How could Pip love her ? Man , I 've been there , and I reckon a lot of others have been , too . Estella is one of the great fictional representations of unrequited love , and in Dickens ' hands , becomes something even more potent , a symbol of class division and status-scrambling folly.Dickens ' handling of Pip is subtle and worth careful re-reading . By using the device of an older , unseen Pip as narrator , we sense where he fell astray without it being pointed out overmuch . Clashing with a snooty rival for Estella 's affections , he sweats the possibility of being discovered as the friend of a guileless village blacksmith , Joe
 i enjoy these barnes and noble editions . pocket books make a nice addition to the library .
 I do pretty much all my `` reading '' on audio books these days and Michael Page is probably my favorite narrator so far . He changes his voice for each character in a way that sounds so natural and undistracting , and his female voices are not annoying -LRB- I think the mark of a really great narrator is how undistracting their `` opposite gender '' voices are . -RRB- The story of Great Expectations deserves to be told by someone of Page 's talent . I first read it by accident when I was a kid , not realizing it was a classic -LRB- always avoided books I was supposed to read . -RRB- I liked it well enough then , but I love it now . The characters are interesting , the morality of the book is not preachy and it 's such a substantial book that you can listen to it several times and still pick up some new insight or pleasure . If you 're an impatient reader , the book is probably not for you . If you need action on every page , you might get bored . But if you are a people person and you like getting to know the characters of a book , if you like to look for truth in fiction , it 's a great story , very well told .
 Well , I was looking through some of the reviews posted here on amazon just to get an idea of what to write because this is my first review , and saw that a few people said that you need to be an adult to read this book . I kind of understand what they mean because this is a pretty dense novel , as most of Dicken 's writing is . However , I do n't feel that an individual 's determines his maturity as a reader , and so , I dont feel that people should be discouraging teenagers from reading this classic book.Having said that , let me discuss a few key points that are important to keep in mind when considering whether or not to buy the book . Firstly , this is a very difficult read , so unless you are accustomed to reading classical fiction , be prepared to devote more time to reading the book than you generally would to a novel of similar length -LRB- 450ish pages -RRB- . Furthermore , the book is a drag at times , especially in during the first part . Often times , I would get lost while reading the book because I could n't focus on the descriptions which seemed to get in the way of the plot . However , I have to give Dickens credit on doing a remarkable job of writing the dialogue between characters which allows the reader to immerse into the story . Whenever I was n't lost , I would often feel as if I was right in the center of the scene and could vividly visualize what was going on around the protagonist.As for the theme of the book , I felt that it tried to impart a good , however slightly shallow , message on the reader . By the end of the book , it is very clear what the message is as all of the characters get what they deserve . However , having read a lot of philosophical literature , I feel compelled on extracting deeper meaning from everything around me , which is kind of hard to do from this book.My recommendation of this book would depend on the reader , I feel that if you have read another book of a similar genre or time period , then you would really enjoy this book otherwise it might be very boring . If this is your first time reading a book by a classical writer , might I recommend visiting sparknotes after every couple of chapters to get a clearer understanding of the plot . Also , I would recommend to every single person to only buy this book if they can dedicate significant time to reading it . Do n't think this is one of those books that you can just read anytime you have a few minutes here or there because you will be lost and wo n't understand it at all . I feel it would be best to sit down and just read for an hour or two -LRB- depending on your attention span -RRB- and delve deep into the world of the characters . Not only does this process make identifying character development easier , it also makes the book more enjoyable.Also , for anyone who finds Dicken 's writing style interesting , I recommend looking at David Copperfeild -LRB- just read the first paragraph , and you will be hooked -RRB- .
 HAHAHHAH696
 I too have been out of school for some time . I decided explore the classics . Mr. Dickens has such a command of the English language so much so that I could not put it down . He expatiated very well throughout the entire pages of the book . I did not read it without my dictionary ; which is the reason I read it to expand my vocabulary . After reading this book television became very boring to me . My favorite is Joe Gargery and John Wemmick . Joe because of his stick-to-itiveness . He is the same no matter what . The latter because of his ability to separate work with Jaggers from home . He enjoys life to the max and loves his father so . Pip is also to be appreciated for he does see what is most important in life and the value of love is what is important . After reading this book I have embarked on two others
 I 'm an eighth grade student forced to read this book for English class . Most people would probably assume that the book sucks . Guess what ? It does . I 'm sorry , but Charles Dickens does not happen to be my cup of tea . He may be a master , but it 's impossible to deny that his writing is dry and the story drags in many places . I counted numerous parts of the novel that could have easily been eliminated without affecting the rest of the book . And what the h *** is Pip thinking at the end when he decides to marry -LRB- person who I will not name -RRB- ? Seems to me his only reason for doing this is that he 's completely desperate and tired of chasing after Estella all that time . It totally came out of nowhere and was n't very realistic . The book 's really not that bad , but apart from the interesting episodes with Miss Havisham , it 's pretty boring .
 Some may call me a classic book snob , but here it goes.Great expectations may be at times tedious and I wo n't deny that , but it is worth it.Charles Dickens goes into great depth of detail and at times a bit overly detailed and I 'm sure that is where many people get lost . But if you get the main plot , then you can get the jiff of it.The characters in this book transcend time.Pip , the poor boy who finds himself wondering if he can love old Joe know that he is rich.Estella who can not love truly but yet brought up to love and destroy.Miss Havisham , the old rich woman who had her heartbroken and know is trying her best to seek revenge.Joe , Biddy and others also play a pivotal role.The story itself plays on the role of moral and also mercy . It shows a colorful and at times exaggerated array of feelings . From grief to greed , to deceit and happiness.Pip , a lonely orphan and living with his sister , finds and help a criminal . Although it was not completely of his own will.Then Pip is introduced to the sad and luxurious world of Miss Havisham where he met Estella , the girl he loved from then on.From then on he resents his meager living until one day he finds out that he had just inherited a large fortune.Then on Pip goes on a quest to truly become a gentleman and win Estella 's heart.But how can he win Estella 's heart when she does n't have one?Can he really forsake his family for money?Who gave him that money ?
 This is a really good new book . I 'm glad the new authors are publishing electronically . Still , the story left me with some questions . For instance , while it seems odd that people do n't drive their cars in this book , I understand why everybody walks everywhere . I guess city folk do n't drive much . But why , for example , does n't Pip use the Internet to look things up ? Stuff like that . Still , it 's a good read .
 This book has it all mystery , bleeding hearts and villans not to mention nice guys and smarties . The characters will impress you , others will make your stomach wrench and some will make your skin crawl . This book will stir any reader . One word of warning though do n't read the blurbs , do n't read the reviews , if you have never heard of this book , read it before someone spoils it for you
 Pip a young boy is faced with many expectations at ayoung age . Pip meets a young lady named Estella , and heimmedatley falls in love with her . The only problem is thatEstella thinks that Pip is a diry little rogue . Then anunknown person gives Pip wealth and a way to earn aneducation , part of the bargain is that Pip has to leave hisfamily and move to England . Pip is faced with these , andmany other questions as he begins his great expectations . Ithink most young people would like this book , because it ` snot as hard to read as Dicken 's other classic books . Italso has a little bit of everything in it , mystery , romance , and suspence . Something for everyone to enjoy .
 I absoulutely love this book ! I was required to read Great Expectations for school , and what I thought was going to be a long and dull school novel turned out to be my favorite book of all times . It has everything that you could want in a story ; life lessons , mystery , love , sadness , regret , passion , and so much more ! If you enjoy reading about life 's twists and turns , like the way Dickens writes , or you just want to read a good book , Great Expectations is the perfect choice . You will instantly fall in love with this Charles Dickens classic !
 What can I say , a classic , perhaps the 5th time I read it , love it
 Reading is n't usually something I choose to do in my spare time . My daughter was reading this for school , so I decided to read it too because of her reaction to it . This is not your every day novel ! The more I read it , the madder I got . I could n't read it for an extended amount of time , because I would become too angry to continue . But then I had to pick it up again to find out what happened . This book is a pure emotional ride . I love it !
 This brilliant novel is about a little sensitive boy named Pip and his life.When Pip is a small child , he meets a convict and gives him food , drink and a file . That convict has escaped with another , his enemy convict . They are captured in the end but the convict whom Pip aided gives Pip 2pounds and a shilling by his fellow convict later on.Then , Pip is taken to a rich lady , Miss Havisham & iexcl ; s and meets proud and heartless Estella whom he falls in love with . Born in a quite a poor family in the country , he tries to be clever so that Estella does not call him common , and quite succeeds . And plus , fortune lays itself in his way by an unknown rich person . A lawyer , Mr. Jaggers knows the provider of the fortune but does not tell Pip who it is because the provider & iexcl ; s wish is to let him/herself known when he/she is ready for it . And Pip goes off to London.In London , Pip is introduced to Mr. Matthew Pocket , a relation of Miss Havisham for Mr. Pocket is to be Pip & iexcl ; s tutor . Pip lives with Mr. Pocket & iexcl ; s son Mr. Herbert Pocket whom he had met before at Miss Havisham & iexcl ; s when a child , and becomes very acquainted with him . His other acquaintance is Mr. Wemmick , who works for Mr. Jaggers . He has a different life at work and at home , that makes him peculiar . All this time Pip thinks that the & iexcl ; unknown provider & iexcl ; of his fortune is doubtlessly Miss Havisham and thinks that she wants Estella and him to be married . However , he finds out that in fact it is not Miss Havisham who gave him his fortune but the old convict he had helped ! That convict had escaped again and fled to Australia where he had worked for Pip and had become an owner of quite some money which was given to Pip . And now he comes to Pip and tells him . So that convict is known to Herbert as well and they live together.Now , when Pip was young , his parents had died so he lived with his sister & iexcl ; s family . Joe , his brother-in-law is a good friend of his , a blacksmith , but his own sister is not very nice to him . A man called Orlick , who was Joe & iexcl ; s helper , thinks very ill of Pip & iexcl ; s sister and one day , hits her on the head and makes her a simpleton and she dies after some years . That man Orlick , tries to murder Pip for false reasons but fails for Pip & iexcl ; s friends save him.The convict , if captured , would be hanged , therefore , Pip decides that the convict should be out of England as soon as possible and that Pip should accompany him . They plan it , and it proceeds . Meanwhile , Estella is married to a quite rich man and Miss Havisham is dead . The other convict who had escaped with Pip & iexcl ; s that long time ago , Pip & iexcl ; s convict & iexcl ; s foe , follows Pip and the convict on their way out of England and tries to capture them . There is a fight underwater , Pip & iexcl ; s convict is alive but is soon captured by the police and his foe is dead underwater . Pip & iexcl ; s convict , named Magwitch or Provis is deeply wounded , and dies in prison . Before he dies , Pip finds out that Estella was adopted by Miss Havisham and that her father is Provis , so tells Provis that and that Pip loves his daughter . After that , Provis dies.Pip has an old acquaintance in the country , his hometown , a lady named Biddy . He decides to propose to her , now that Estella is gone , and leaves to the country only to find that Biddy is already married to Joe ! He congratulates them and thinks about another little Pip to be in that house , just like he was when he was young . He then departs abroad to where Herbert works , for when Pip was a possessor of a fortune , he had secretly found Herbert that job , and Herbert , not knowing the provider of such a job had invited Pip to be a clerk . Pip lives abroad for eleven years , meanwhile Herbert marries and Pip becomes their & iexcl ; partner in the House & iexcl ; . After those 11years , he returns to Joe and Biddy & iexcl ; s abode where he finds himself there ! Named Pip after Pip was a little boy ! Pip is warmly greeted , and after dinner , Biddy , who knows all about Estella for Pip had told her when he was young , asks if he surely does not fret for her ? Pip replies that he thinks not , but anyway , revisits Miss Havisham & iexcl ; s old house . The buildings are taken down , but among the ruins , stands Estella ! Her husband had died most unfortunately because of a horse but even before his death , her marriage was not led to be a happy one . For all Pip knew , she was married again , but she was not . Pip and Estella converse about their interests , and Pip says , & iexcl ; We are friends . & iexcl ; To which Estella continues , & iexcl ; And will continue friends apart . & iexcl ; Then there is a nice little paragraph , which , if I am not quite mistaken proves that they are married.When I was reading this fantastic novel , I saw a lot of things . On my reading of pre-20th century novels , I only encountered those which were in third person , or first person , but & iexcl ; I & iexcl ; as a girl , not a boy . Great Expectations was something new , for I had thought that a boy liking a girl is to be quite different from a girl liking a boy and a boy & iexcl ; s thoughts about poverty and being ignorant is to be quite different from a girl but I found out that it & iexcl ; s quite the same . I mean , it depends on one & iexcl ; s character and personality of course , but I found out that some boys do not like telling lies or stealing as much as girls and adults do not . It is a fantastic novel , an excellent read , and although the ending is not originally Charles Dicken & iexcl ; s idea , I think Dickens made a great decision to follow what his friend suggested . For the original ending was a sad one , which would have made the reader very unhappy for Pip , whereas the new ending gives some hope and happiness to the reader . I read from a book on Great Expectations that the title , Great Expectations , meant not only Pip & iexcl ; s expectations but the reader & iexcl ; s of Dickens & iexcl ; novels & iexcl ; expectations . I surely think that those expectations were rewarded to perfection .
 I was forced to read Great Expectations in the ninth grade , and i am still in the ninth grade , so yeah . I am currently on page 133 , and so far it is the coolest book I jave ever read . I thought i would hate it , but i was quite mistaken . The gripping drama of it all was unbeatable by any modern mystery i have read today . Get this book quickly because it is already my favorite book ever , and you will love it , too !!!
 This book serves better as a decoration piece than one you want to spend time passing around to friends . Not that the content of the book is n't worth reading , you just do n't want to ruin the aesthetic quality of this book.If you are buying the book to simply read there are cheaper versions out there . But if you want to add quality and smart decor to your home this is a great purchase.The cover looks better in person than online . Quality product .
 Charles Dickens really takes us on an adventure of what it is like for a poor boy -LRB- Pip -RRB- raised by his sister , and brother in law to come across riches and wealth , graced in servicing the needs of Miss Havisham -LRB- I believe -RRB- , and Estelle . Of course , the moral of the story is , even when you have everything you want , money still can not buy you love nor necessarily happiness.Other than that , this is yet another one of Charles Dickens ' reads , that is classical , and will help expand on your vocabulary , and build on reading comprehension . My opinion is if we can understand the story that Charles Dickens has created ever so descriptively here , and in other stories , then we will understand present day literature , as it appears much easier to comprehend -LRB- from my personal perspective -RRB- .
 Really good book . It 's a classic that my girl has to read for English class . I 'm sure she will enjoy it .
 This may be entirely shallow , but I bought 8 of these books just because I was obsessed with the cover design ... they look so great on the shelf , and I am sure they are good reads too ! I have only read one of the books -LRB- Wuthering Heights -RRB- and I liked it . I was planning on giving these as gifts , but now I am going to keep them ! My only qualm ... the pages are bright white , and I wish they had gone with a more `` vintage-y '' look on the inside to match the outside . But I guess they will get that with age ; -RRB-
 * * * * * * * * * `` Heaven knows we need never be ashamed of ourtears , for they are rain upon the blinding dustof earth , overlying our hard hearts . I was betterafter I had cried , than before -- more sorry , more aware of my own ingratitude , more gentle . '' * * * * * * * * * Ah , Pip ... ah , humanity ... there is so much richnessand depth here , that it is a real sadness to read ofreactions of boredom and `` not his best '' ... somehowone feels that such reactions are as much an injusticeto Dickens and this work as Pip 's reactions to Joe andPip 's former life at the blacksmith 's , once Pip has comeinto his `` handsome property '' ... There is so much to learn from in this work ... perhapslearning which comes from experience ... which deepensand enriches this work , if one comes back to it ... Ifirst read it in the textbook of a highschool Englishclass ... it was enriched with black-and-white photographstaken from David Lean 's film version of this novel ... At that time , the things that seemed interesting werethe bizarre and suspenseful elements ... the convict , thecemetery , Miss Havisham , the manor house of MissHavisham ... Satis House ... `` enough house '' ... where `` the cold wind seemed to blow colder there '' ... theyoung lady , who was very pretty and seemed veryproud -LRB- `` beautiful and self-possessed ; and she was asscornful of me as if she had been one-and-twenty , and a queen '' -RRB- ... Estella ... ah , but one can not know at suchan age ... with little experience ... that such haughtinesscan reside within the male as well ... such cold , removed , unfeeling calculation and manipulation ... which is awareof talk of `` sentiments , '' but which has no feeling or realunderstanding of them ... Now , years later , much more depth resides within thesewondrous lines and images ... much more wisdom ... much morepain ... for it is in the larger flow and shapings withinthis world , that the real meaning emerges ... the effectsof perceived poverty ... the effects of scorn andrenouncing ... the effects of envy and condescension ... it is not so much a study of the effects of classconsciousness as rather a world attuned only to its ownself awareness and self attainment ... a world ofdetached selfishness ... fueled by money , prestige , and heartless , relentless vanity ... and the effectsupon a young boy who is sensitive and keenly awareof injustice ... and yet , that same young boy can fallvictim to the effects of the world around him ... he , too , can become hard and condescending and snobbish ... towards those who have cared for him ... have valuedhim ... have loved him ... without his knowing ... orunderstanding , until later ... in hindsight ... as herecounts this tale of his forward propulsion , fueledby a secret benefactor and supposed `` great expectations '' ... `` I think I would have gone through a great deal to kissher cheek . But , I felt that the kiss was given to thecoarse common boy as a piece of money might havebeen , and that it was worth nothing . '' * * * * * * * * *
 I wish High Schoolers that have a hard time thinking would not read books and go directly to the labor farms . Hmm . Maybe then they might understand Great Expectations . Poor saps . Please High Schoolers save your poor reviews for later . Say when you are 50 . Then you will have experienced a little more life and might discover that `` hey i was purty stoopid '' . To the rest of the world this is an isolated incident . We really have smart youngsters here . The problem is materialism much like the book when young Pip is in the throes of desires , or great expectations . Our youngsters expect they shall inherit the earth . They are a little dumbfounded when they do n't . I am a Hypocrite . Any replies to dynamic@texas.net .
 Awesome to listen from a perfect voice a great classic like this . A pleasure !!!
 `` Great Expectaitons '' deserves to be called great . While not as emotionally satisfying as the earlier `` David Coppefield , '' it is nevertheless tighter , more compact , and displays a greater maturity and discipline of writing style on Dickens ' part . Those who feel ` Copperfield ' has all the characters , take note of the ensemble here -- Pip , Joe Gargery , Biddy , Mr. Jaggers , Uncle Pumblechook , Abel Magwitch , Estella , and the novel 's haunting , living spectral figure , Miss Havisham . The intertwining of these lives , the playing out of these destinies , combined with its memorably Gothic beginning and unsettling ambiguous ending make `` Great Expectations '' a pleasure to read for both its narrative power and literary craftsmanship . Considered by many to be Dickens ' `` best rounded '' story , I concur by offering this example . Having finished the novel , I craved a viewing of David Lean 's brilliant 1947 film . I ended up by mistake with the Ethan Hawke Gwyneth Paltrow 1998 remake . I decided to give it a try , and was so enraptured by the look of the film and its grasp of the material I stayed with it . Not as satisfying as Lean 's film , to be sure , but it works . Which says volumes about the power of Dickens ' original story
 I had to do a report on Great Expectations , and this audio cassette helped me out so much . This is a must to get and add to your collection !
 I have read Pickwick Papers , Tale of Two Cities , Oliver Twist , and Christmas Carol , and this is ten times better than all of them . I am a sixteen year old who never cries , and I did n't make it past Pip teaching Joe to read before Dickens mastery of his craft caused me to shed a tear . Dickens greatest writings are in this book . Every high-schooler should read it .
 Well i 'm 14 and i think this is a great novel , that i was intially forced to read for an english project ... The characters were complex , but dickens did an exceptional job of describing the life of the main characters and their lives in 19th century england.and it 's pathetic to see so many people my ages who ` do n't understand ' ... why because it 's ` sooooo boring ' . . gim me a break . . it 's a novel !! what did u expect ? the matrix?please do n't think all teens sit around the TV all day and do n't care about good literature or do n't bother to understand .
 `` Great Expectations '' is one of Dickens ' most concise , focused novels . It lacks some of the comic energy of his earlier works , but makes up for it with a compelling story , characters , and haunting images
 Great Expectations is a magnificent metaphor of humanity vs. life . It is the story of what each of us would probably do if placed in the situations Pip deals with . There are love , friendship , and warmth , which are nearly destroyed by obsession , discontent , and the desire to keep up appearances during the course of this powerful novel . These seemingly necessary emotions and acts of something near betrayal are finally exposed as cheap and worthless when the hero 's true benefactor is known in the end . Pip , the main character , is something like all of us , and the people he encounters are very likely to be similar to those we encouter in our own lives .
 I found that this novel was quite wonderful , really . I am a 14 year old , and I would have to agree with the majority of the reviews . Well-paced , incredible descriptions , and a beautifully captivating plot . It drew me in completely ; I could n't put the book down . Five stars , definately , and a recommendation to anyone who wants to read a classic novel by a classic author .
 To the reader who advised high school students not to read this book ... well , I 'm 14 and I am enjoying the book now . Moreover I come from Malaysia which is a predominantly Malay country . I do think that you should not categorise all ALL high school students as not being able to read classics like this because this does not apply to all of us . Perhaps to the majority but not all . I find my reading level is frequently higher than some adults .
 Like many other high schoolers who wrote reviews on this page , I was forced to read this in my freshman english class . I thought it was an extremely good story . The characters -LRB- my favorites being Orlick and Trabb 's Boy -RRB- are brilliant and subtley funny . The story is creative and unpredictible , and overall , it was absolutely supberb . The only reason this book does n't get 5 stars is because it tends to drag a lot of the time , and Dickens overlong descriptions are a bit grating on the nerves , but I DO understand why people would have liked it like that in the 1800 's . They liked their books long and juicy . It 's a bit dated but Great Expectations is well worth a read if you have the patience . Even if you are impatient , you can not miss this great story and its wonderful characters , so at least see one of the many great movie adaptions . My personal favorite movie version of Great Expectations is the 1999 Masterpiece theatre version .
 Having not read this since high school -LRB- and not being able to finish it due to boredom -RRB- , and now having the ability to rediscover it since it was a free download , i decided to give this book another whirl.I was pleasantly surprised ... I loved it . I found the book to be moving , interesting , and an all around great read . It has all the classic Dickens-style plot twists , with some great surprises , as well as some pretty contrived coincidences -LRB- also classic Dickens -RRB- . I only took off a star because the ending was changed from how i remembered it . When I googled it , I found that Dickens often changed the endings of his books in to go with the times ... . not a big fan of that !!
 I just graduated with a Literature degree and , amazingly , had never read anything by Dickens . I had gained a sort of superiority to the man and his works . I would dismiss it as all sentimental unbelievabilities . But I decided to not be so proud and read one of his books . On a recommendation from one of my professors , I started with Great Expecations . What I found was a deeply engrossing , funny and humane book that captivated me for the week and a half that it took to read it . Much of it was very realistic -LRB- barring , of course , the unrealistic coincidences , that are actually , in their own way , quite comforting -RRB- and believable . Dickens went a long way to get into the mind of his narrator , and it works beautifully , as we struggle with Pip in every decision and look back with him at the bad decisions that he made . The themes of the novel -LRB- pride , isolation , friendship , hopeless love , etc. -RRB- can easily be translated into our own society , putting ourselves in the shoes of the characters as we deal with our mistakes and try to do the right thing . A very amazing book .
 Great Expectations succeeds beyond almost all novels of its time in exploring the roots of character and moral behavior . Charles Dickens makes the case for there being the potential for good in everyone . Evil and sin follow from a combination of being self-absorbed and selfish . What is remarkable about the way these themes are handled is that they are clearly based on an assessment of human psychology , long before that field was established.The book is also remarkable for its many indelibly memorable and complex characters . Miss Havisham , Pip , Magwitch , Mr. Jaggers , and Estella are characters you will think about again and again in years to come.The book also surrounds you with a powerful sense of place . Although the England described here is long gone , it becomes as immediate as a nightmare or a dream that you have just awakened from.For a book about moral questions , Great Expectations also abounds in action . The scenes involving Pip and Magwitch are especially notable for way action expresses character and thought.Great Expectations also reeks of irony , something that is seldom noticed in more modern novels . Overstatements are created to draw the irony out into the open , where it is unmistakable . Yet the overstatements attract , rather than repel . The overstatements are like the theatrical make up which makes actors and actresses look strange in the dressing room , but more real on the stage when seen from the audience.At the same time , the plot is deliciously complex in establishing and solving mysteries before that genre had been born . As you read Great Expectations , raise your expectations to assume that you will receive answers to any dangling details . By reading the book this way , you will appreciate the craft that Mr. Dickens employed much more.This is the third time that I have read Great Expectations over the last 40 years . I found the third reading to be by far the most rewarding . If you like the book , I encourage you to read it again in the future as well . You will find that the passage of time will change your perspective so that more nooks and crannies of the story will reveal themselves to you.If this is to be your first reading of the book , do be patient with the book 's middle third . It may seem to you that the book is drifting off into a sleep-inducing torpor . Yet , important foundations are being lain for your eventual delight.Mr . Dickens wrote two endings for Great Expectations . Be sure to read both of them . Which one do you prefer ? I find myself changing my mind.Give love with an open heart , without expectations !
 All right . I admit it . The book starts out slow . Dickens , though I love the man , writes in such flowery and long winded language at times . What takes many authors a line or two , Dickens will devote whole pages.And I almost put the book down for that exact reason . I 'm very happy I did not.With so many detailed threads in the story , the depth to the characters -- when they all start to blend together a few chapters in , the result is page-turning . The story centers around a young boy -- well , almost young man -- named Pip , and revolves around his growing into age . You can not help but love the boy . Much of Pip 's worry and concern I could relate to -- falling in love with a girl who refuses to return your sentiments and only plays with your heart , growing up and leaving home for the first time , and discovering your true relationships with others and yourself , as shocking as they may turn out to be.I felt as if I was side by side with Pip through it all , and that made the novel a wonderful experience for me . I recommend the novel for the young because so much relates to them , and also for the older readers -- because you can experience it all again.A wonderful and heart warming tale . Just get through those first chapters.The book is timeless , with the basic story line being one that has affected almost everyone sometime in their life ; falling in love with somebody who does not return the feelings . Pip , the main character , falls in love with an exotic and beautiful girl , Estella , but of course she does not have any feelings for him . So Pip does everything he can to win her approval , and most importantly her heart . It is hard to skip around in the book . While some passages might seem as if they have nothing to do with the story , they do . Everything in the story is tied together somehow . Skimming the book is not going to help . Certain events and people the reader thinks are insignificant or forgot completley , will appear over and over throughout the book . I am glad that i decided to read Great Expectations , despite the negative remarks from peers . I found out that most of them never made it past the first few chapters , so they missed out on the good parts . The only reason I did not give the book a higher score is that parts of it are slow and dry , but stick with it , you will not be upset . -- This text refers to the Mass Market Paperback edition .
 Dickens , for whatever reason , never crossed my path in high school , and in the years since I have found myself intimidated to pick up one of his books . This year I resolved to get over that and selected ` Great Expectations ' to be my first venture into Dickens ' famous fictional worlds . And what joy ! As it turns out I had no reason to be intimidated because Dickens is imminently readable and highly enjoyable.This novel is told from the point of view of Philip Pirrip , nicknamed Pip , who begins his tale as a young boy visiting the graves of his parents when an escaped convict happens upon him and threatens him into helping him get food . This experience will have a huge impact on Pip 's life , although just how huge is left to be discovered until much later in the novel . Pip soon finds himself in the service of an eccentrically , manically wounded old woman and her beautiful but cold-hearted charge Estella , whom Pip is doomed to fall for and spend the rest of his days pining for . He begins to feel oppressed by his poor life , anguished that his miserable situation will never be good enough to win Estella 's heart . And so it seems to be a blessing when a mysterious benefactor takes Pip away from his home to make a gentleman of him in London . Certainly Pip is pleased to have been `` rescued '' , but over the course of his teaching a curious thing happens to him
 Great Expectations was my first book by Charles Dickens , and I still believe it to be my favorite . It is a very powerful book that connects with people 's lives all over . The main character , Pip , grows up in the home of a blacksmith . With both of his parents dead , he lives with his overreactive sister and her husband , Joe Gargery . Pip soon meets Miss Havisham and the beautiful Estella that lives with her . He longs to be a gentleman , but the social class division leaves Pip a blacksmith apprentice , and Estella a lady . However , one night , Mr. Jaggers -LRB- a lawyer -RRB- comes to Pip and informs him that he is a man of great expectations . Pip has no idea of who his benefactor is , but heads to London to start his eventful life as a gentleman.Great Expectations is a amazing book in many ways . Three of these ways are
 An outstanding book that I read this year was Great Expectations . This was a wonderful classic written by the magnificent author Charles Dickens . Charles Dickens wrote a book that truly captivated the power of human love . He showed us that life can be very difficult , and you have to work very hard in order for you to succeed.In the beginning of the book , a character named Pip lived on a forge near some marshes in England . His family was generally poor . He lived with his older sister and her husband named Joe . Joe was a fairly poor blacksmith . One day , Pip was walking on the marshes . Suddenly , a strange man came up to Pip and threatened him . The strange man was a convict who was put to die on the marshes . He was handcuffed and chained . He told Pip that he would kill him if he did n't bring him a steel file and something to eat . Pip then ran back to the forge and brought the convict a steel file and some food . This vivid occurrence haunted Pip for the rest of his life.After the incident on the marshes , Pip met a lady named Miss Havesham . Miss Havesham was a very weird lady . She always wore her wedding dress in her house . She never left her house . Miss Havesham had a very beautiful adopted daughter named Estella . She was an arrogant woman . While looking at her , Pip fell in love with Estella.One day , a mysterious man came to Joe 's forge . This man was sent by a secret benefactor who was residing in London . The man did n't give his name . He told Pip and Joe that someone in London was requesting him . The secret benefactor wanted Pip to come to London so that he could become a gentleman . Pip was very excited when he heard that he could work in London . Pip and Joe agreed upon the proposal . Later in that same week , Pip left Joe 's forge to travel to London . There he could be a gentleman with a bright and bold future.While in London , Pip encountered many strange mysteries . Pip finally met his secret benefactor . Read the book to find out who the secret benefactor was ... Overall , Great Expectations was an outstanding book . It really captivated the vast stretches of life . Great Expectations really made me feel quite sad . I felt very sorry for Pip . He had a very difficult life . He had change his personality forever once he became a gentleman . I would recommend this book to anybody who enjoys reading classics . I have read other excellent books by the wonderful author Charles Dickens . I have read Oliver Twist and The Christmas Carol . They were also excellent books .
 I am 15 and reading is my least favorite thing to do . If I ever read , it 's only for a few minutes . Not with this book , I read it all day , and so far have read it several times . I do n't know about this edition however , b/c it is for younger readers . I am also sure that whatever edition you get will be great . This book shows tons of emotions , and is guided by the narrator , Pip . It is a superb book , that once you pick up you will never put down.Pip is raised by his sister and brother-in-law , both named Joe , b/c of his parents being dead . Pip has many scary and shocking experiences throughout this novel . It really shows how much Pip changes throughout the novel , from being poor to being a gentlemen , and at last realizing what really matters.Pip is an interesting and exciting character , who really makes the best of this book !
 It left me wanting more . This was a very beautifully written love story . I found the attraction between Estella and Finn was more true and captivating then Romeo & Juliet .
 Only the genius Charles Dickens could have come up with this tale of naive Pip , the lovely yet cruel Estella , the wildly eccentric Miss Havisham , and all the other colorful characters . Read it for the description , far from boring . Read it for the plot , in which all characters at one point or another connect to one another . Read it for the surprising twists and suspense . Just read it .
 Anyone who glances upon this text has read or is about to read Great Expectations . I have read this book and I can not express to you its true greatness , for I can relate Pip 's experiences to my own life and in some amusing way found myself in him . To all the readers who are about to embark on this story , I tell you no matter what I say or any one else says on this page you have to experience this timeless masterpiece for yourself . by Joseph Dion
 This book was very confusing at the beginning , and a little hard to get into . Then it captures your and you ca n't put it down . While you are reading it , it seems as if you are in a dream . Dicken 's is so imaginitive . It is a must read for anyone looking for something new .
 I enjoyed this book not only for pleasure but for the knowledge of the use of morals and virtues in society during this time period . This story takes place in Enland , and yet their behaviors are quite comparative to ours.It had positive and negative emotional moments . It kept me as a reader involved to finally see how young Pip will grow to change .
 I need more info regarding cravat and its role in the book as well as Battery , constable ... could anyone readying this share with me this information ...
 I enjoyed this story . It had it 's ups and downs on the emotional scale . It taught some morals and keep me as a reader on the edge of my seat to see how Pip will finally end his most adventerous days .
 How nice to reread an old classic as an adult , instead of in the classroom . A wonderful novel of Pip who comes into his `` great expectations '' via an unknown benefactor -- who he believes to be Miss Havisham . We see how the influence of money and position affect Pip 's relations with his family and former neighbors , and not necessarily for the better . There are lots of surprise twists and turns in the plot , especially about Miss Havisham and her adopted `` daughter '' Estella and her true parentage.As always , a Dickens novel is peopled with wonderful and unusual characters that eventually all play a part in telling the story . I noticed another reviewer said there were two endings . The version I read had only one ending and I do n't know which one it was . I will have to search out another version to see which I liked best .
 First of all -LRB- as I like to say ! -RRB- I 'm no smarter than you and I thought this book was great , that said , this book is not THE easiest to read in that it does take a while for things to get really interesting . I rated it 5 stars because it is excellent but you need to have some patience with this book , in the end it is much worth the effort ... and keep me updated !
 I do n't tend to be much of a fiction reader . Popular modern fiction is so often shallow , and as such seems a waste of time . Which is why I read Great Expectations , it has stood the test of time . I never read it in the past because I assumed that the prose would be somewhat archaic and difficult , but I was wrong , I found it very readable and surprisingly funny , which I also did n't expect . The funniest bits in my opinion are Pips first meeting with Miss Havisham and later his discription of his proceedure for doing his personal accounting , which I certainly identified with .
 I did not want this to end ! I knew the book , I knew the characters , but I doubt anyone else could have made them come more alive as they had existed in my mind 's eye . The period of the time , the nuances of language and emotions - it is all captured here . I caught myself - a Dickens ' fan , completely entranced . And you absolutely forget that it is all one person reading . The wonderful descriptors Dickens so artfully paints in complete portraits and scenery with words , flow effortlessly , almost musically so that the it unfolds in the listeners mind as sure as one were reading Dickens ' words . I found myself taking the long routes home as I listened in the car on commutes . I would be pleased to purchase any other set read by Michael Page , particularly from this period . Now if we could just get Page to record any of Wilkie Collins ' work ...
 `` Great Expectations '' is a thoroughly engaging novel . We find a set of interweaving story lines that rival today 's best movies -LRB- ` Crash ' comes to mind . Sorry ! I digress , already . -RRB- Anyway , as usual , the protagonist and narrator , Pip , bears all the innocense of Dickens ' best characters . He is able to observe all the qualities and idiosyncracies of the good , the bad , and the ugly in Victorian England . As another orphan character , he is `` brought up by hand '' by his strict and nasty sister with the help of his brother-in-law , Joe Gargery , a benevolent blacksmith . The plot moves quickly as he comes upon an escaped convict who coerces him to get him food and a file . He finds the experience all too much , for he is in a no-win situation . He manages to escape this escapade with grace , but not the situation his sister places him into . She forces him upon the company of Miss Havisham , an old , bitter woman who has never recovered from being jilted early in life . Through her he meets a young woman , named Estella , and falls hopelessly in love . Through Havisham 's patronage , he becomes an apprenticed gentleman as well as Joe 's apprenticed blacksmith ; then he obtains wealth from a mysterious benefactor . From these experiences , he acquires a gentleman 's demeanor as well as a gentleman 's appetite for money . `` Great Expectations '' is a worthy classic book experience . The characters are drawn well , especially Miss Havisham . -LRB- The images Dickens uses for her and her surroundings are among the most memorable of the novel . -RRB- It defines what true wealth is , and juxtaposes well the pompous and the hypocritical characters with the genuine and good . ` Great Expectations ' demonstrates , more than it preaches , about the virtues presented . Also , the plot lines run together in a way that is so skillful , it hardly seems contrived . There is also some good irony and suspense thrown in for good measure . `` Great Expectations '' is a decent and enjoyable reading voyage .
 Great Expectations by Charles Dickens is a timeless 19th century novel that addresses issues in life that remain relevant today . In particular , it explores the modern individual 's personal development through experiences that span from youth to adulthood.In Great Expectations , Dickens employs several techniques to effectively portray the personal development of the main character Pip . The title , Great Expectations , is significant because it reveals that the plot focuses on Pip 's aspirations in life . The novel is a first person narrative , with an older Pip retelling and commenting on past events that had an influence on his social development . This element allows the reader to observe how a young Pip reacted to events in his life and how an older and more mature Pip interprets these events years later . A recurring theme throughout Great Expectations is the class system of Victorian England and the significance of social status . Pip struggles with the issue of social status throughout the novel and must come to the realization that social status is not connected to one 's real character.In his novel Great Expectations , Charles Dickens combined aspects of his own life , with his knowledge of human behavior , to create a realistic portrayal of an individual 's personal development . The novel 's portrayal is so clear and its content so relevant that it continues to be read and analyzed over a century after it was first written .
 As young men and women , at some we must make the choice to stay in the community and be a humble fish in a little pond or strike out on our own in the big city.There are many ways to do this and Pip , the main character , does it scornfully although he does not know it at the time . Like so many people , he is lured by the bright lights , `` sophisticated '' culture and big money of the big city . He has no problem leaving behind a simple world where he is cared for via an unknown benefactor for an unknown reason . He guesses at whom the benefactor might be and what their intent is , but he gets it all wrong . He falls from the path of moral righteousness and has no idea what his life really means . Dickens masterfully crafts together this story . I think that Joe represented good Pip and Orlick was the alter ego . Additionally , I was kicking myself for not seeing a couple of plot twists , but I was so engrossed that I did n't see them coming . I hope the same thing happens to you.I wonder if F.S. Fitzgerald was influenced by Dickens because there is a fantasy like worship of the rich , followed by a downward spiraling degradation . Although F.S.F writes about the rich with outright contempt , Dickens neutrally accepts them more as a vehicle for the story.Anyway , I highly recommend this book .
 Charles Dickens ' novel Great Expectations explores the side of human nature that many do not like to read in novels . In the United States , in the 21st Century , people would rather read about romantic-style plots where all turns out well for the protagonists . Dickens , however , chooses to illuminate what man can really be capable of
 Unlike many of the reviewers who wrote so passionately about this work it is not a book that has played a significant part in my reading life . The great narrative drive , the tremendous skill in creating vital characters , the richly descriptive and often ironic language are aspects of Dickens genius.But somehow the world of Dickens dark and gloomy and Victorian and so British reality never really appealed to me . This says nothing however about the quality of the work and its great gifts to the reader . The book is the portrayal of a society , and of a moral education . This is a book about the formation of a character through experience , about learning from life 's difficulties and disappointments to become a better person . It is about ' recognition ' not only of one 's own true and better self , but about what is important in life . This book as Dickens himself has had enormous influence on Western literature . I think of two very different writers , Kafka and Salinger both of whom clearly had Dickens in mind in certain points of their writing . Pip , Magwitch , Joe Gargary , Miss Havisham , Estella are living characters in the heart of Western literature . The book then I believe is far greater , far more than my own reading has given me of it . Not always apparently does the reader do justice to the work .
 i was a assigned this book to read over the summer between 8th and 9th grade for my honors english -LRB- it seems as though many students are assigned this book going into 9th grade honors english . is it some sort of nation-wide standard ? -RRB- ... at parts the language can be thick and a little harder to decipher than most the language of most authors people my age are used to reading ... this is only a slight hindrance , though , because about half way trhough the book -LRB- assuming this is your first dickens book , as it was for me -RRB- you get used to it and you seem to be talking like pip in real life !!!!!!! -LRB- well , a little bit for me because i read the book wuite quickly , seeing as how i loved it -RRB- i kept saying betwixt instead of between , which i enjoy saying now because it makes me feel smarter than evryone else -LRB- jk -RRB- ... . anyway , i was the single person in my class that absolutely LOVED this book ... the only thing that i did n't like was taking EXTENSIVE nots throughout the book , which ruins many of the other books we read -LRB- such as the amazing lord of the flies -RRB- ... . aside from that , the book is quite good ... not only is dickens able to hold my attention through most of the book -LRB- when i say most , i ; m excyuding the part where they are planning that escape with provis , which i thought was boring -RRB- , which is a huge feet for someone such as charles dickens , who i expected to bore the living daylights out of me ... overall , the plot is very good , but the messages that it carries are even better ... pip is driven by greed all throughout the book , until he becomes mentally ill ... when he realizes what he 's done , he becomes a new person , and is at peace with himself ... the realationship between him and estella is very complex , too . . until very late in the book , he is captured by her beauty , he partakes in a blind love for her . by the end of the novel , after all he has been through with her , he gains a true love for her based on her qualities , not because she is rich and beautiful . . this love was always there , he just did not uncover the exactness of it until he grew as a person through his sever low . so many vivid characters , i ca n't even explain how good the characterization is int he book ... IF YOU HAVE N'T READ THIS BOOK , READ IT NOW OR YOU WILL BE DISSAPOINTED LATER ON !!!!!! if you can , read it twice , as i plan to -LRB- probably next summer , so it is n't so fresh in my mind -RRB- ... group discussion on the book really accentuate the meaning of the book ... the meaning is really deep , and most people do n't catch all of it . the lake is much deeper than the top of the seaweed , do n't be afraid to plunge to the bottom ... though this book did not completely enlighten me and totally change my life , i did learn from it , which is something that rarely comes in spades . in this case it comes in spades , hearts , diamons AND clubs ... enough rambling for me , im sure your not even going to read that whole review , it was quite long ... review in a nutshell
 I read this book as a freshmen in high school . The painful memory is still with me . The characters are somewhat colorful and eccentric , but Pip , the main character appears to be a weak individual . It seems to fit the ideal English novel , not a fast moving plot , but revalations still happen none the less .
 I was forced to read this book in school . If you think you know what is happening then your paying attention to something else .
 fast service and great book , i received it in a timeley mannor and was very happy with the product . i would buy from this place again
 Charles Dickens puts together a twisted story of ever changing emotion . This story will make you smile , cry , dream , feel betrayed , and laugh very hard . Charles Dickens make the reader see his character for who they really are through there eccentric action and responses . Read it . These is a classic and my favorite Dicken 's novel . Fall in love with and his often misguided heart .
 It 's ridiculous to review Dickens , who is as secure in the Western canon as Shakespeare . Nonetheless , I 'll make two points about `` Great Expectations '' , which is the first Dickens novel I 've read since my adolescence . -LRB- Kennedy was President , alas . -RRB- First , I 'll say that the characters in this book are affecting exaggerations and not quite real . For example , Joe Gargery , the blacksmith , is touching in his decency and saintly in his generosity . But Dickens gives him no rough emotional edges , and so he never rises beyond rustic sentimentality . Likewise , Hebert Pocket , Pip 's friend , is a lovely young man but exists in friendship with out making any demands . And , there is the resolute and controlling Mrs. Havisham and her pathetic martyrdom . Yes , she was hurt by a man . But , it 's hard to imagine a person living in the filth and disorder of her mansion , unless she is crazed , like a modern street person . To sum this up , I 'd say that his characters are not really persuasive , even though they resonate emotionally.Second , I was surprised by the near total lack of visual effects in the writing . Early on , there 's a moment of visual writing when young Pip is in the cemetery . But thereafter , this element is all but lacking in the book . Even after several re-readings , for example , I could never quite see Magwitch tumble into the river.Regardless , I enjoyed the read and did not find it discursive or too long . Go for it !
 I liked this book even though sometimes I could n't understand it . Charles Dickens used a lot of words he did n't need to , and he used a lot of big words that needed to be looked up . There was a lot of parts that I did not understand . Otherwise it was a pretty good story when I knew what was going on . I would recommend this book to other people because you learn about the lifestyles back then .
 This novel was pretty good . I liked how everyone 's lives in it were somehow connected . I also liked how Pip matures and learns the big lessons of life.One thing I did n't really like about it was that it was hard to understand . The English dialect was hard to follow , all the different names were hard to sort out , and there were manyold-time-ish and confusing words . But other than the confusion , the story line was great and Dickens wrote it really well and brought everything and everyone in the book together nicely . All of the characters were fun to read about and Dickens made them seem interesting and some very weird . I would recommend this book to anyone because it seems like anyone could connect with the characters in this book .
 I did n't enjoy this book in high school back in 2000 . I am re-reading this book again after 12 years.What an amazing gift we have inherited from Charles Dickens . I am enjoying revisiting the Victorian society again .
 I was compelled to read Dickens -LRB- `` A Tale of Two Cities , '' in my case -RRB- in eighth grade and decided that I did n't like his writing . I managed to avoid Dickens and the Victorian novelists for several years , even as an English major . It was n't until I was in my mid-20s that I read `` Great Expectations , '' and I 'm glad that was so , because I was finally ready to appreciate Dickens . If you 've ever picked up a Dickens novel and put it back down with relief , you might try again in a few years . If you do , `` Great Expectations '' is an excellent choice for meeting , or for encountering again , this amazing author.Like `` David Copperfield , '' this novel is written throughout in the first person , and follows the title character from childhood to adulthood . The first-person point of view gives the story vividness and impact , as we see everything that unfolds through Pip 's eyes . The difference between the perspective of Pip the boy and Pip the adult , looking back and writing , colors the plot and creates suspense.There are many possible reasons to read this book -LRB- other than having it assigned to you , of course -RRB- . You could read it for its astonishing characters -- Miss Havisham , defiantly moldering away and shut up in her never-used wedding finery ; Magwitch , the escaped convict with a backstory you 'd never expect ; Joe Gargery , the blacksmith whose external roughness is matched only by his inner tenderness ; Estella , as self-divided and self-destructive as she is beautiful . You could read it for its settings -- the spooky marshes , the busy streets of London , the gothic horrors of Satis House . You could read it for the plot -- the hidden connections , unexpected reversals , and ambiguous endings . You could read it for its social criticism -- the comprehensive view of working-class , middle-class , and upwardly-aspriring characters ; the insight into what people will do to themselves and others for money ; the unsparing look at ideas of gentility versus actual nobility of character . You could read it for its language -- the idiosyncratic dialects , the indelible scenes , the variety of prose rhythms Dickens employs.In the end , there are two main reasons to read this novel
 The DK series of classics are great ! I purchased a number of them to introduce my teen to the novels that I love and the interesting facts in the books -- plus pics/illustrations are just what she needs to stay interested in the media/digital age .
 I have read this book before when I was younger for a school assignment . I loved the book then , and I love the book now . It is easily one of the best books that Dickens ' has written and well worth the read for everyone . It is a very long book at 50 + chapters but this is due to it following the life of the main character from a young child through to adulthood and his experiences with fear , hardship , love , and more .
 I read this book in high school and loved it ! Charles Dickens is one of my favorite authors of all time next to Sparks , Crichton , Irving , Brewer , and Bradbury . The story follows the inheritance into wealth of a fourteen year-old in 18th century England . Told with detail , finesse and a mystery that will keep you hooked , do n't miss out on this first rate literary experience.The young orphaned Pip , the sensual Estella
 Great Expectations read by Michael Page , unabridged on 16 audio CDs , was a great listening experience . I 've had my copy of the book on the shelf for years , but never got around to reading it . Unfortunately , I spend more time driving than reading . Michael Page did a fine job reading all the roles with distinctive voices for each character , male and female . The total listening time was about 20 hours . There were many tracks on each CD . So if your CD player only remembers which track was playing when you stopped it , then probably the most you will have to repeat when you re-start the disk would be about 40 seconds . The recording quality was good , but the duplication process less than perfect . There was 1 disk out of the 16 that had some `` popping '' sounds . I do not know if every copy of the audio book will have 1 disk with some static , but my copy did . It was a little annoying , but was not too bad . The audio book was produced by Brilliance Audio of Grand Haven , Michigan . The bio on the box says that Michael Page is a Professor of Theater at Calvin College . I was impressed and entertained by his reading . He did sound British !
 ` Great Expectations ' is one of my favourite Charles Dickens ' , second only to A Tale of Two Cities . Those who are not habituated to his style of writing may find it a bit difficult , but eventually that hurdle too would be overcome and the reader can enjoy the work of one of the finest authors of all time to its fullest.Phillip Pirrip was an orphan living with his dominating elder sister with no great ambition for the future , other than to become a blacksmith like his brother-in-law , Joe Gargery . But that was before he inherited a large amount of money from a mysterious benefactor . Now , leaving behind his shallow ambitions and old acquaintances , Pip follows his dream of becoming a ` gentleman ' . Then maybe the beautiful but cold-hearted , Estella , the ward of the eccentric Miss Havisham , would accept his love for her . But will the unsolved mysteries of his past hinder him from fulfilling his ` Great Expectations ' ? Though Great Expectations first appeared in Dickens ' weekly magazine , All the Year Round , more than a century back the story and the characters of the book still live on . Like all other books by Charles Dickens ` Great Expectations ' too , does not just tell a story but also gives a message to its readers . Pip after coming into his inheritance starts ignoring his old friends because he feels that they are inferior to him , little realizing that they were the ones who loved and cared for him when he had no money . This situation is not something unique or something that can be related to only by the people of that time . This happens with almost every one of us . Once we achieve our goals we conveniently forget about those who helped us reach that goal . The way Dickens ' has woven this message in his unforgettable story makes the book all the more beautiful . One thing I liked about this book is how all the seemingly unconnected characters seemed to fit together like the missing piece of a jigsaw puzzle by the end . What makes this book truly unforgettable is its characters . Every character of the book has an eccentric side to them . The only character that I think is `` normal '' is Pip and I did not find him interesting at all -LRB- I like eccentric characters . Am I weird ? -RRB- . Maybe that 's how the author wanted it to be . Though the book has only a few female leads , they are the ones who steal the limelight . The eccentric Miss Havisham who sits in a room with a rotting wedding cake , wearing her wedding dress seemed more alluring to me than any of the other characters . It was her eccentricity that truly attracted me to her . If she had been some old , moody spinster , I would not have liked her half as much.Though I have repeated the point more than once , but ` Great Expectations ' is truly an unforgettable book . Combined with prolific writing and memorable characters , this book is something which should be read at least once by all.Favourite Quotes : `` Suffering has been stronger than all other teaching , and has taught me to understand what your heart used to be . I have been bent and broken , but - I hope - into a better shape '' `` Heaven knows we need never be ashamed of our tears , for they are rain upon the blinding dust of earth , overlying our hard hearts . I was better after I had cried , than before -- more sorry , more aware of my own ingratitude , more gentle '' `` There either is or is not , that 's the way things are . The colour of the day . The way it felt to be a child . The saltwater on your sunburnt legs . Sometimes the water is yellow , sometimes it 's red . But what colour it may be in memory , depends on the day . I 'm not going to tell you the story the way it happened . I 'm going to tell it the way I remember it . `` Overall : Beautiful and one of its kindRecommended?Yes , to everyone . This book should be read by all at least once because I belive , every person will find their own little meaning from this book .
 This is the piece that turned me into a literature lover . It was a bore to many of my high school mates several years ago , but I flew through it . Ca n't wait to read on my Kindle . It 's a classic to read again and again .
 Is it an understatement to say that Great Expectations is a Classic ? The variety of characters weaved within the story would be interesting enough , but the concept of the story is fascinating as well . Dickens also is a great writer and it is seen in every one of his stories , and especially , here , with Great Expectations . Highly recommended .
 To say Great Expectation is `` Classic '' novel is an understatement ! We were forced to read portions of this novel in the ninth grade . I can honestly say I hated it ! I found it weird and difficult . I am now 55 and decided it was time to check out Charles Dickens and find out what all the fuss was about . Having completed two of his greatest novels , Great Expectations and David Copperfield , I am a Dicken 's fan for life ! As an author , I realize how much I have missed . I love the old-english style of writing , the great history of Britain , and the downhome stories of boys , which seems to be Mr. Dicken 's love . I am sadly impressed of the mistreatment of children of that era and am surprised that any were able to rise to achievement . What was true then , is true now - if we are to achieve anything in life - no matter our past , we must pull ourselves up by the boostraps and become ... Excellent read . I enjoyed watching Pip come full circle from a poor boy to wealth to realizing a simple , honest life is to be desired . I highly recommend Great Expectations and eagerly look forward to A Tale of Two Cities and Oliver Twist.Dawn Kurtz author ofSecret of the Mexican Doll
 I enjoyed this edition , I am happy with the endnotes and the inclusion of the original ending .
 Who knew that a book written almost 150 years ago could be so great ? Not me . Granted , part of the reason I enjoyed this book so much was because I had expected it not to be -LRB- A Tale of Two Cities is still collecting dust on my bookshelf -RRB- . The writing is flawless ; characters , wonderfully varied ; and plot , save an occasional feeling of contrivance at the almost uncanny character interconnections , spectacular.Pip , an orphan , lives with his 20 plus years older sister Georgiana `` Mrs. Joe '' Gargery , an unhappy woman who `` rampages '' on him and her blacksmith husband Joe , a simple , kind man . During an unexpected encounter with a shackled escaped convict , he is coerced into helping the man to prevent bodily injury to himself . It 's not the last the boy will see of him . Pip is later asked to visit an eccentric woman -LRB- having been left at the altar by a scheming fianc&eacute; -RRB- , where he encounters the beautiful but cold Estella , a future love interest , and several other central characters . Eventually an anonymous donor provides monetary help to Pip hoping that it will facilitate his becoming a gentleman and a scholar . But as his financial situation changes from meager but adequate to one of relative wealth , his personality transforms from kindhearted and unpretentious to inconsiderate and snobbish . Only through the adversity that follows his attempt to fulfill the expectations of his benefactor does Pip learn some important life lessons.Also good , Mr. Pip by Lloyd Jones -LRB- wish I had n't read it before GE -RRB- , An American Tragedy by Theodore Dreiser , and The Woman in White by Wilkie Collins .
 When I was a teenager , I loved Dickens . In later years , however , I abandoned Dickens for more overtly `` intellectual '' authors . The wonderful thing about great books is that they do not suffer from multiple readings . Returning to Great Expectations after maybe 20 years was a delight . It is simple , accessible , gently humorous and heartbreaking . Dickens ' love of language is simply a joy to experience . The novel is beautiful , effusive and yet tinged with Pip 's own discomfort of class and self . Dickens holds his own as the Master Storyteller of the 19th Century .
 All the standard Dickensian motifs are present in this book
 A dark night . A pair of escaped convicts ; a young boy named Pip who is seven years old . Pip helps the convict Magwitch with food and drink . Magwitch is sent in chains to banishment in distant Australia . Pip living at the forge of Joe Gargery and Pip 's sister -LRB- Joe 's wife -RRB- becomes an apprentice blacksmith . Pip also meets the enigmatic Miss Havisham who dresses in a yellow wedding dress lamenting her lost love . At Satis her estate he encounter Estella -LRB- star -RRB- who becomes the love of his life . Estella is as cold as an Eskimo and her heart as icy as Mt. Everest . He also meets Herbert Pocket who becomes his best friend.In part two we see Pip moving to London as he and Herbert become dissolute , fall into debt and live shallow lives.In part three secrets are revealed which make Pip a good man . We learn that it was the convict Magwitch who provided the funds needed to allow Pip to go to London and work for Mr. Jaggers the lawyer . We discover who is the father and who the mother of Estella . We learn what happened to Magwitch and all other mysteries are revealed . To give these secrets away in this review would ruin the pleasure of reading this classic novel.Great Expectations is a bildungsroman which is darker and more inttrospective that Dickens earlier David Copperfield of 1850 . In it we see Pip grow from a selfish callow boy to a man who has suffered , helped others and been reunited with his lost love.Along the way we meet such immortal characters as Joe Gargery and his loving wife Biddy ; the tragic Miss Haversham ; the evil Orlick and Compeyson and the complex convict Magwith.The novel is cinematic in its ending as Magwitch returns to England to see how Pip is doing as a young man who has lived on the convicts benevolent financial bequest.Some critics believe that Estella is a representative of Dickens mistress Ellen Ternan . The novel is well plotted and moves quicker than many Dickens novels . This 1861 novel is narrated in the first person by Pip and was the last completed novel in the prolific Boz 's illustrious career.Great Expectations should be read by everyone who loves English literature and Charles Dickens .
 This is a wonderful story that Everyman 's Library has place in great binding .
 If you have a student who either hates to read or struggles to read I would highly recommend this audio book . This unabridged version brings the Dicken 's story to life . There are 16 CD 's to listen to , but it is an enjoyable experience .
 Dickens 's Great Expectations is a novel of exceeding quality with , perhaps , only a few minor flaws that fail to significantly detract from the overall greatness of the work . Were I able to , I would give the book four and a half stars , rather than the four I 've assigned it . As other reviewers have already amply commented on the book 's numerous merits , I should like only to point out , what I thought to be , its foremost shortcoming . Although intentional by Dickens , I found my extreme dislike of Pip for much of the book to be a nuisance , chiefly because , as narrator , Pip set the tone of the narrative . It can be difficult not to equate the loathing of the narrator with the book itself . Luckily enough this was not a particularly prominent failing , and did not heavily tax me . Besides this , I found the book to be splendid , particularly during the bits concerning Joe and Mr. Wemmick , who were , at times , heartwarming and emotionally evocative to an extreme degree . In short , Great Expectations is one of Dickens 's greats , with only minor , easily overlooked flaws .
 It is impossible to exaggerate the satisfaction this book gives to its reader and the power of its deep human sympathy . If you were to read only ten books in your lifetime , Charles Dickens ' GREAT EXPECTATIONS should be one of them.If you were to listen to just one audiobook in your life , Frank Muller 's narration of Great Expectations should be it . One of the most complimentary things that can be said of such a performance is that it leaves you feeling that the work can be read only in that way . Muller accomplishes this , with the curious and endearing twist that Pip 's own narration comes with an American accent , while all others speak in the unforgettable idiom of their place among the English classes and subclasses . Muller on Dickens is a triumph that even Dickens would have applauded.Now , for the book . The personae will stay with you forever . Pip himself . The deeply generous Joe Gargery . The immortally beautiful Estella , her heart in the end made soft through suffering . Miss Havisham , too terrible to believed but in the end redeemed from her lake of bitterness , if her cry , ` What have I done ?! ' is to be taken innocently . Wemmick and the Aged P , then - belatedly , Miss Skiffens the gloved . Herbert , then Herbert and Clara.Jaggers , about whom one is left to ponder , ` Who * is * this man ? ` Dickens and Muller are at their best with scoundrels . Expectations provides them no shortage of villains upon whom to practice . Pumblechook . Bentley Drummle . Old Orlick . Compeyson , about whom the best thing said is that he has drowned.Dickens ' keen eye for the glory and the pathetic depths of humanity is almost unparalleled in English literature , with apologies to his critics . He knows that there are Gargeries and Biddies and Herberts . He understands this without for a moment denying the hell in human hearts that is comprised by the likes of Pumblechook with his false respectability and Orlick with his violent , drooling hatreds.He has comprehended that heaven - if he believed there is such a place - is likely populated by people surnamed Havisham , Jaggers , and Magwitch , who perhaps dance the more vigorously for having been much forgiven.Yet writing * about * Dickens and his worlds takes time that could be spend on reading Dickens and of his worlds.For that you 'll need to pick up Great Expectations .
 Michael Page gives a wonderful performance that brings `` Great Expectations '' to life . I have a minor complaint regarding the editing of the CD -- several of the chapters had the last word or two of narration cut off.Note that this is a MP3 CD which can not be used in standard audio CD players .
 This book illustrates how we have great expectations when we 're young . It tells how we get older , our expectations seldom materialize completely .
 Do n't waste the classics on kids . I remember having to read and write book reports on musty old classic books in school , dull and boring . Now I am ready to enjoy these books . Great Expectations shows how much of our lives are lived on incomplete information . The hero assumes that he knows who is guiding and helping him to live and grow beyound his simple beginnings , only to discover at the end that nothing he assumed was true . The hero does live up to the expectations of his benefactor , and beyond the expectations of many others . He also finds out what it is to be given a better future and how much you owe to those that believe in you . I enjoyed this story and recomend you read -LRB- reread -RRB- this enlighting story of growing up .
 Great book ! Very deep reading - life lesson with so much meaning . All members portrayed different characteristics that had a major effect in the life of Pip . Everyone should read before starting life 's journey .
 Was pleased to get this book as I had never read it - not even parts when it was required in highschool years ago.Turned out to be a much better read that I had ever thought it would be .
 I have not read any other Charles Dickens ' novels , but this novel is very good . However , Dickens does provide too many details at times and it may be hard to read because of the extraneous information
 Not sure I like the overall style of writing but it is a good story with a wonderful twist , will have to wait awhile before reading another Dickens novel tho .
 Clean good story . Full of wisdom . Enjoyed it.I found lots of really great quotes . Some parts were hard to read/understand .
 Our book group decided to read a book by Charles Dickens in this the bicentenary of his birth . I had read some books by Dickens when at school and found them rather dry so chose Great Expectations because it was one I had n't previously read . To my surprise I really enjoyed it especially the language used and the unusual characters .
 It is a good book for all ages.I am a senior citizen , and enjoyed the story , and style of writing as much as when I was in school .
 I bought this book for a 200-level college course and so far I am very impressed with it . It arrived promptly and also was in described condition .
 I know for sure now why Charles Dickens is such a famous author for works other than A Christmas Carol . The reputation of the book and the author speak for themselves . I was overwhelmed with the quality of Dickens ' writing , the intricate nuances of the plot and the many surprise twists . The illustrations in the book plus the alternate ending were also bonuses . I could not be more complimentary of this book and plan to read many more Dickens works starting with David Copperfield . Great Expectations is now one of my favorite books of all time .
 This book is classic Dickens . It 's a winner . It lives up to my expectations . Anyone who loves Dickens will enjoy this book . Again we see a young person growing up on the `` wrong side of the tracks '' become a hero in his own right . Pip learns many things in his journey and comes to terms with the folks who shaped his understanding , even though they are simple folk .
 Dicken 's is clearly in a class of his own . Few authors have exhibited and illustrated the breadth and depth of story telling inherent and extant in a Dicken 's novel . Dicken 's ability to switch tenses and create tension through use of speech and idiom is unparalleled . This is a mature read that requires patience , intellect , and a formidable vocabulary to be fully realized and properly appreciated . Thank you Charles for your formidable and fine effort ; well done good and faithful master .
 I am amazed that it took me 61 years to get around to reading this book . I wish I had read it a long time ago . The Kindle version is great , though . Even though I am a trainer of English teachers , I found many vocabulary words that were unfamiliar . A right click gives an instant dictionary , and I had to use that feature more than I liked , along with a big font.The characters are amazingly well described , even as they develop chronologically , and although some aspects of the story are predictable -LRB- i.e Joseph the blacksmith and Biddy 's romance -RRB- some are completly unanticipated and surprising.I like the ending in this version - it leaves hopeful possibilities!For free , this is the best bargain I ever purchased - hours of joy - so thank you Amazon ...
 I read this book as a freelance . I really enjoyed this book , especially because it is n't cliche . The events that were portrayed in this book were events that a reader would not typically expect . The old english styled language at first was a bit difficult to comprehend the first few chapters , so it took me a while to read them . However , after a couple chapters , I became adapted to the use of language and sentence structure that it became easier to read and comprehend .
 Of course , this is a wonderful book , but it is brought to life by the BBC audiobook . I do n't know the reader/actor 's name , but he is a master at providing individual , dynamic voices for every character - voices with personalities that match the character , as well . It added so much to the enjoyment when compared to other audiobooks read by lesser actors . A MASTERPIECE !
 I had not read this book since I was at school many years ago . Enjoyed it just as much as then - some of Dickens books are very hard to get through but this one , along with several others such as a Tale of Two Cities , are easy to read and not outdated as a lot of older books are . I would recommend to any one wanting to read some of the old classics .
 Great story written by a great author ! No complaints!The way he described the boy 's thoughts , the way he described the environment , etc , so attracting.BTW , there are indeed pictures in the book .
 Great Expectation is another sample of Dickens ' talent for portraying the bleak English society of the 19th century . The plot evolves around the life and evolution of Pip , an ordinary country boy who will try to find the way to becoming a gentleman .
 If you hated this book in high school -LRB- like I did -RRB- , give it another try . Loved it this time -LRB- 35 years later -RRB- . I Read it on my Kindle .
 Something I feared before reading this book was that it would be a terrific story , but full of cliches . Not so . Dickens ' prose can take some effort to grasp at times , but the story is beautiful and timeless . Well worth the cost . Which was nothing .
 The description was exactly as written . Fast shipping and great costumer service . I would recommend the product and the seller .
 I was assigned to read this book over 30 years ago in high school . I never did at that time . Since deciding to read all the classics I passed over in school , this has been my favorite .
 The classics are always good to re-visit , this is one of Dickens best . There are always subtleties missed at the first reading
 It 's just a great book and will always be a great book . It 's a classic and should be required reading for all young adults .
 My most favorite book in the world . I will read this book in any format over and over again until my fingers can no longer hold a book .
 For the price a very sweet deal . have had it for 2 months now and no problems . would buy again from this company
 I have absolutely no doubts whatsoever that Charles Dickens , if he lived today , would still classify as an author 's author . He 's a master of all the things that make for great writing and storytelling . Dickens has an ear for dialogue most authors would kill their own mothers to possess . He also is a master of creating vivid scenery , another sign of excellence essential to great writing and one which many authors lack . Finally , but not least in importance , Dickens knows character development . He REALLY knows how to develop intriguing characters , to the point where many of his books spawned figures that have become literary archetypes . Not bad for a guy who grew up in extremely adverse circumstances . He even spent some time in a factory sticking labels on bottles after his father 's imprisonment for debt . Most people would n't recover from such poverty , but Dickens did . He went on to a successful career in journalism before settling down as an author of serial novels . This format , which allowed Dickens to write and release his stories piecemeal , made him a great success with the public . The anticipation for the latest chapter or two of his stories often led to near riots . Not many writers can elicit such a response today.Many consider `` Great Expectations '' a seminal work by a master . Millions have read it , most unwillingly , but most consider it one of Dickens 's most accessible stories . It 's a tale about a youngster named Phillip Pirrip , known throughout the story as Pip , and his rise from relative obscurity to the heights of wealth and privilege . As the story opens , we see Pip lamenting the passing of his parents in the local cemetery . Their deaths resulted in Pip living with an older sister and her blacksmith husband Joe . Life is tough in Pip 's village . His sister wields a heavy hand against her younger brother , relatives like Uncle Pumblechook berate him , and they live in a place where convicts often escape from barges floating on the river nearby . In fact , Pip has a frightening encounter with one of these prisoners at the beginning of the book . His actions , undertaken at the command of this felon , result in a series of incidents that lead Pip to the home of the local recluse , a dour old woman by the name of Havisham . This woman , as rich as a lord but as unhappy as one could ever be , takes a liking to Pip and keeps him around for entertainment.It is during his tenure as Havisham 's court jester that Pip comes into contact with several important figures that feature prominently in the story 's later episodes . He meets the cold yet beautiful Estella , Havisham 's adopted daughter , and falls in love with her . He also makes an initial contact with the old lady 's lawyer , the highly successful Mr. Jaggers , and an odd young man named Herbert . All play an integral part in what is to follow , namely the announcement -LRB- through Jaggers -RRB- that Pip has suddenly come into fortune , or great expectations , that require him to move to London in order to train as a gentlemen . In London Pip spends time with Jaggers , his assistant Wemmick , Herbert , and even Estella . He spends his money , helps his best friend in covert ways , and wonders who in the world set him up with this money and property . Jaggers makes it clear that he is n't supposed to dig too deep concerning the origins of the fortune . Instead , he is to wait until the day when the individual responsible steps forward . When that happens Pip 's world as he knows it nearly collapses . He must move heaven and earth to avert disaster while at the same time coming to terms with who he is and what his future holds . `` Great Expectations '' is , in a word , great . It contains all of the hallmarks one associates with Dickens . The characters , everyone from Wemmick to Jaggers to Havisham to Joe , sparkle brightly as fully formed individuals living and laboring under very real problems . Atmosphere is divine
 Great Expectations , 1860 - ' 61 , Dickens 's second to last completed novel is the first tome I have ever read and is one of the best books I 've ever read.The story centers upon Pip who is orphaned and lives with his mean sister and her kind husband Joe . The book 's classic opening is when Pip meets an escaped convict and he forces Pip to give him food and then later is caught . Little did Pip know that this occasion will live on and he will be reminded of it in a very unexpected fashion later in the bookYoung Pip is then sent to Satis House to meet the very mysterious and eccentric Miss Havisham who , jilted at the altar spends the rest of her cursed recluse life in her rotting , yellow wedding dress in Satis House . Pip also meets Estella , a beautiful , yet very cold and proud girl brought up by Miss Havisham to hate men as revenge for her fiance 's betrayal.Great Expectations is the story of Pip 's life and of all the surprises -LRB- there 's a lot of 'em folks -RRB- hopes
 In this delightful edited version of Dickens immortal tale , Hugh Laurie reads . Now you may or may not know Mr. Laurie spent years in London as a kind of character actor . Today he ; s playing House on TV . But , he reads GE as each of the characters . As he is so talented each voice is hardly like the other . Some may remember him from Black Adder and the silly prince . But here you see just how versatile he is.As for the story ... Dickens ' twists are remarkable . GE may have the funnest of the who did what whens . If your just getting to know the man and his works or love him to pieces . This version is superb .
 GREAT EXPECTATIONS has long been acknowledged as one of Dickens ' best , but it gets even better under the smooth voice of narrator Martin Jarvis , an actor who was named Reader of the Year in the UK and who lends his passionate voice to this brilliant unabridged recording . Even prior fans of the novel will discover new nuances listening here to the Cover to Cover Classics version.Diane C. DonovanCalifornia Bookwatch
 I was just 10 years old , when I first read an abridged version of this Dickens Classic . I must have read it many times since , and everytime I read it , I am filled with array of emotions , and a deep respect for the author . Pip , the hero , is a character that embodies hopes , disappointments and dreams of every boy . As he narrates his life , we grow with him , see many people come in and go out of his life , and we feel with him his emotions and predicaments . Life is full of surprises , unexpected twists and turns , and this novel is a great chronicle of the possibilities of fate . But most importantly , this is a story of pining ... and a novel worth pining for.Miss Havisham , the old lady , epitomizes eccentricity , while Estella in her cold abandon represents every heartbreaker . This story is about pining , about love , about friendship -LRB- especially Pip and Joe , and later Pip and Herbert -RRB- , about relationships , and most importantly about what one feels and lives by . Like all Dickens novels , this is a very well written story , and is much more engrossing than any of its on screen versions . This is a story that must be read at leisure and it must be failing of the reader to try and compare it with some cheap paperback that one can scram through while watching a movie and munching chips and cola . Classics deserve respect , attention and concentration
 Written as a serial publication , Great Expectations is very fast paced and the character development is superb . It is also very easy to read . The plot is well developed and the number of characters and the interaction of subplots is masterful.When a terrified four year old Pip is coerced into bringing an escaped convict food , he sets into motion a chain of events that will determine the direction of his life and explain that of others . Having served in the house of Miss Havisham , a woman jilted on her wedding day and filled with hate and revenge for the male species , Pip receives notice of `` great expecations '' - the term for the potential inheritance of a large fortune . From his humble origins as the son of a blacksmith , he is destined to become a gentleman . But the identity of his mysterious benefactor continues to haunt him . And the lovely Estella , for whom he craves , could she be part of this inheritance ? Why is someone grooming him to be a gentleman ? Who ? All these questions and more are answered as the story unfolds in this powerful work .
 Looking at the reviews for this book , it seems many are reading this book for the first time , as I did , as part of an English Literature course in high school.Believe me , we can all assure you that this can be a difficult book for a ninth grader to enjoy . After all , we 're talking about blacksmiths , pirates , and so on . Hardly things the average teenager of the 2000s can relate to.But if you 're in your twenties , thirties , or forties , this book is as compelling a novel as you 'll ever read . It 's an opportunity to look back at Pip and ourselves , the great expectations we all have , and the major surprises , disappointments , and regrets of life.The adult reader can understand the vindictiveness of Miss Havisham , the pride of Magwitch , the true and rare friendship of Herbert Pocket , and , of course , Estella . Each man has in his life an Estella.Beyond the true-to-life tale of hope and defeat , is the wry humor throughout the book that a more mature reader can appreciate.Surprise yourself . If you hated this in high school , pick it up now ; you may find this is one of the best books you ever read .
 It is such a good and interesting read everytime I read it ! If you 're getting started on Dickens , I would totally recommend `` Great Expectations . '' Dickens considered it a short novel -LRB- probably true for him , considering the length of some of his other books like `` David Copperfield '' -RRB- but there is so much depth in `` Great Expectations '' , so many layers to it that it does n't fall short in content . It is because of `` Great Expectations '' that Dickens is my favorite English writer ever . One of the greatest novels of all time .
 If you want a Dickens-phobe to convert , buy him/her this CD . Michael Page is one of those rare narrators who can bring male and female characters to life with equal credibility .
 Almost every negative review about this book was made by a 15 year old 9th grader . I also had to read this book when I was in ninth grade and I had no clue what was going on . Those kids might not want to admit it , but it was above thier understanding , I am proof of that . I decided to read this again and even though I was indifferant to it the first time I read , and realized it to be the literary genuis that it truely is . It has an amusing story line of the events that surround a young boy 's life and how he copes with his coming into fortunes and life in general . But Dicken 's masterful writing makes more than just a story line , it is also a social critique of Industeralized Society . For existance , Joe represents how life was before the Industerial Revolution . He was kind , hard working , morally upstanding , and happy , amoung other desirable qualities . Whereas Estella , for example , represented how it was during the Industerial Revolution . She was greedy , self-centered , controlling , and unhappy . This is also evident in Pip . At first he had the traits of the former , but once he got his `` Expecations '' , he exhibited the traits of the latter . Another part of his critique was the differance between the rich and the poor . There are other important ways in which he portrays them , but for lack of time the poor people were happy , whereas the rich were unhappy . Dickens is also great at describing setting and characters , so as some might see that as boreing , I see that as giving more depth to the story . He makes it seem like the reader is actually in 19th century London and meeting such interresting characters as Jaggers , Mr. Pocket , and of course honorable Joe . Anyone concidering buying this that is in high school , I reccomend not buying this because you will not undersand it , hence dislike it . But anyone who is already out of high school , or someone who read it in high school I would reccomend this book . Dickens is well know in literary circles for his genuis , but for some reason I can not explain , in popular culture he does not come close to the popularity of Shakesphere , even though he was writer and Social Critic .
 The way he describes everything from the eerie feeling he has in Ms. Havisham 's room , to the smell of hay in the streets of London . Also the way everything connects together with the things you think are not important , an the way the book , sort of calms down at the end and explains everything that happens . This was a very hard book to read , so I would recomend Cliffs Notes with this , bot do NOT read the cliifs notes seperate ! It ruins everything ! Even if you hate classics , this is still one great book , I hate classics too , but still , it 's very good . I had to read this for a freshman honor class exam , so not that I read this by choice , but i 'm glad I did .
 It took me a little while to get into the story and get to know all the characters , but once I did I could n't put the book down . Charles Dickens is a wonderful writer , and Great Expectations prooved it .
 A good read from start to finish , typically Dickens , one ofthe classics . A fine work .
 This is a novel of bitterly dashed hopes and people who still cling to their broken dreams , allowing them to rob the present of meaning . Pride and greed are shown to delude even the best of people , causing them to believe what they want , rather than the obvious facts . The characters are over-the-top , yet still drawn sympathetically , and are some of the most memorable figures in the whole of literature . This is Dickens ' best work .
 One could not expect to get a decent review on this book from American youth who lack the culture , knowledge , and discipline to enjoy anything that is not a video game . Understanding Dickens , one must remember that he wrote his book in chapters which were printed as excerpts in popular magazines of the time . Compiling these excerpts together results in a lenghtier novel . Appreciate the author 's ability to develop characters , to visually put the reader into 1800 Victorian England , and Dickens as a social justice advocate for the poor . If you 're looking for extensive sex , violence , and meaningless dialogue and plot , watch American Television .
 Even though I 'm only in High School , this book had a deep impact . This book was extrmely well written , Dickens use of figurative language and his descriptive language was fantastic !
 This is a great book , and if it 's too ` complex ' for you , you have n't read many good books , because it pioneered the layout of a novel . It is full of forgiveness , obsession , pride , disillusionment ... rich and involving . I could n't put it down .
 My previous experience with Dickens is that I picked up A Tale of Two Cities , got about five pages , and then returned it to the library , yawning.Well , I finally decided that I would will myself through a Dickens novel . And I enjoyed it immensely . I ca n't say that the plot was especially thrilling -- nor the ending particularly satisfying . And yes , it is long , and if you just want to find out what happens , you wo n't find it to be of much interest . But what I like about the books is the attention to characters and details -- even ones that are almost irrelevant to the story -- but which kept kept me smiling and reading . In particular , his friend who is a clerk who has made his house TRULY to be his castle , complete with moat and drawbridge -- and who has an Aged Parent that had me laughing like crazy . The unexpected irony -- when Pip describes things to be such and so , but when it is clear to the reader to be much different -- I found to be wonderful . I felt that Dicken 's had painted very strong visual elements -- by the end of the novel , I had very strong visual images of most of the characters and settings . I 'm pleased to say that I have read a Dicken 's novel and I truly enjoyed it .
 i had to read this book for school and ill admit i was n't exactly enthusiastic about it . But as soon as i started reading it i fell head over heals into Pips world . Great expectations is about a boy named Pip who lives with his sister and his brother in law Joe . He begins to visit the rich lady of the town who has a beautiful but crual adopted daughter named Estella whom Pip falls desperatly in love with . Pip finds out that he has a bennifactor so he moves to london to become a gentleman . He meets many people like the stiff lawer Mr. jaggers , the happy go lucky Herbert and Mr. whemmik who is a stiff as Mr. jaggers in the office but once at home in his casatle he laughs and has a great love life . this is one of those books that you ca n't stop reading . And the twisting plot and all the sub plots are just like todays soap operas . Happy reading
 With a top notch cast and a wonderful , well planned adaption , this easily ranks as one of BBC 's best radio drama presentations . The horror , romance , and tongue-in-cheek silliness of youth are all thoroughly portrayed here . Pip is as he should be ... a sympathetic but misguided character whose life is spent in the pursuit of hollow happiness.The BBC drama does well on many levels ... Sound is excellent , superb acting , all the major plot twists seem to be intact ... Highly recommended !
 I bought a few of these beautifully bounded Penguin Classic books . Great Expectations , Pride and Prejudice , and Jane Eyre . They are beautiful on my book shelf but I wish that the quality was better . Gosh in this day and age with Kindle and computers I miss the art of book binding and printing . Do n't get me wrong I love my computer and I love modern technology but I will never , ever give up having books . I love the smell and feel of paper . I think that the Everymans Library cloth bound hardcover books are better quality but these get points for the printing on the books . By the way Amazon has the best prince on these . I saw them at Anthropologie for almost $ 10 more .
 In honor of Charles Dickens ' 200th birthday , I re-read one of the first of his novels that I experienced originally over 30 years ago . After having read some eight or nine other Dickens novels , revisiting Great Expectations was a somewhat different experience this time around.Like David Copperfield , this is a first person narrative . Being inside the mind of the central intelligence and narrator , the reader can only know what he knows . Therefore , there are fewer narrative threads and multitudes of characters to weave into a complex tapestry than there are in other great multi-layered novels such as Bleak House and Little Dorrit . The jovial wit and exuberance of Pickwick becomes saturated with a world weariness and verges on cynicism in most of the novels of the second half of Dickens ' career . As one of his last completed novels , Great Expectations fits within this pattern.Pip is not quite the bland , colorless character that Oliver Twist or David Copperfield are . True , the structure of the plot almost demands that he be a passive recipient of much of the action . His fate is mapped out for him by the anonymous benefactor from his youth and it is not until well into the second half of the novel that he actively seeks to steer the course of his life with each subsequent piece of knowledge he acquires . Pip is not quite an innocent . From an early age , he is consumed by guilt over unknown sins he feels he has committed . He does fall prey to vanity and he descends easily into spendthrift habits and enjoys his unearned prosperity with shameless hedonism . His greatest sins seem to be pride and vanity , leading to the snobbery that fuels the snubbing of his faithful and saintly brother-in-law Joe . To his credit , he is self-analytical and examines these shortcomings as soon as he realizes he possesses them.The sentimentality that often mars even the greatest of Dickens ' novels is muted in this one . Pip is fully aware that he is no angel and there are few ` catch phrases ' as often appear in his other novels to signal the reader to be moved . On the other hand , the coincidences are piled a little too high for my taste and the evil Orlick subplot seems to be one adversity too many for this plot which can sustain its own weight on the saga of Pip , Estella , Miss Havisham and Magwich.As much as any novel , in Great Expectations Dickens captures the torture of a male 's infatuation with an ` unattainable ' female beauty , especially one so willing to inflict heartache . This novel still reaches across the centuries with an emotional power that is timeless and universal . Regarding the so called happy ending that Dickens revised as a concession to public sentiment , the ending for this novel is not quite so clear cut as one might expect in a Dickens novel . The last sentence , in particular , includes a double negative that in no obvious way equals an unequivocal positive . By doing this , Dickens is able to sustain the tone of the novel leading up to it and not betray the thematic thread he has followed for almost 500 pages . Despite its shortcomings , Great Expectations possesses a power never surpassed in his novels .
 Anyone who loves the english langauge language will enjoy this book . Dickens is a master of description bringing to life the colorful characters . So , if you have n't read Dickens for years , pay him a visit .
 I had great expectations , because I had listened to a very good Charles Dickens recording by Martin Jarvis earlier -LRB- Hard Times -RRB- , and Great Expectations was also good , even if it did not make me laugh quite as much as the Hard Times audiobook .
 Read this when I was about 10yrs old , then saw the movie at an old theatre . I 've probably reread at least a few times later . Never gets old , its like replaying an old classic.I remember reading the other books in print and it did n't have any guides or history or word translations . Used a dictionary and encyclopedia to figure certain things out.I purchased the BN classic and it provides a bit more history that one would have known , unless you 've done a research paper on it . Other helpful insight & information one may not know during that time period or era . BN does a pretty good job .
 Great Expectations by Charles Dickens is one of the greatest novels I have read . First , I admit , I have difficult transitioning to Dicken 's novels . They are written in English , but not in the version of the langauge I speak . However , after reading for a while , I am able to adjust to his style.This novel is great for many reasons . First , it helps me to understand the poverty and hardships faced by the poor in England during his time . Whenever I read one of Dicken 's novels , I am always left with an attitude of gratitude . Additionally , in this novel , nothing works out the way I expect or want it to . I wish that Pip would not have acted as he did once he came into his great expectations . I wish that things could have worked out differently with Miss Havisham and Estella . But , the ending is well done . The twists are what I enjoy most from Dicken 's novels . I highly recommend this novel .
 As background information , I am in the process of reading most of Dickens 22 novels . I bought the Penguin Popular Classics version of the novel . It is very basic and comes in a simple green cover . It contains no introduction or analysis , just the text plus a very brief historical sketch of Dickens . It seems to be an excellent value for the money and I bought three Dickens novels in the series . I was a bit disappointed in that one book seemed to fall apart as I read it
 Of all the negative reviews I read , the common theme is `` I did n't understand it . '' Or , `` I was forced to read ... '' Truth is , it is a very solid novel ; not the greatest , but very good and insightful . For those of you who claim not to understand this work , may I suggest a return to Winnie the Pooh ? Give the book a chance , think a little about it , and you may be surprised .
 I remember having to read this book when I was a sophomore in high school . At the time I hated the book with a blue passion . Basically becuz I did n't understand it . Just recently , I decided to give it another chance -LRB- fifteen or so years later -RRB- and could not put it down . Although Pip is the main character , I found my sympathies lying with Estella . So young , so beautiful ... so hardened . Ms. Havisham , in her greedy bitterness , deprives Estella the chance of real emotion , real love . Although I believe Ms. Havisham realizes what she has done near the end of the story , it is much too late for Estella . The re-written ending , although it pulled at my heart-strings , did n't work for me . The original ending is the only logical , perhaps realistic , ending in light of the events that occur within the story . For you kids who are forced to read it , try it again in a few years . I know your perception will have changed .
 I had to read Great Expectations for a class project . I looked at how many pages it was and froze ; `` How am I ever going to finish this book ? '' I thought . After about 30 pages I was hooked and read it in a week . The language is old , so if you 're young read it with a dictionary , it helps a lot ! Dickens did a great job of tieing everything together at the end , and you know he must of had some master plan on what was going to happen !
 Great expectations is not only a great story filled with mystery , drama and action . Great expectations is a book that points out the personality flaws in all of us . It examines relationships and how they function between individuals . It is a great book and well worth the effort of reading .
 This is an excellent book . It boosted my vocabulary level up a great deal and contributed to my education . Thanks to Charles Dickens for writing this extrodinary book !
 An extremely beautiful novel that displays human conflicts throughout its length . No wonder it is described as a timeless classic ! I loved this book because it had such a greta plot , with all the relations surfacing at the end . The relationship between Pip and Estella is particularily interesting , especially the change at the end . This is a treasurable addition to any collection .
 A book that captivates the ideals of entertainment , Great Expectations is a novel that can not be put down . Having previously read '' A Tale Of Two Cities '' for an English topic , I was dissatified with the quality of work that Dickens produced and did not understand the hype surrounding his works and the popularity of sales . Great Expectations has changed my view entirely , as Pip , the protagonist will always be a person that can be related to and felt for . The life of the protagonist experiences many facets of human education , and the outcome is satisfing to himself and to the reader . Dickens has created a true exploration of people and how and who we are . Each chapter ends on a twist and torments the reader into further readings . The life of Pip and the events and characters that involve him work fluently and emphasis this theme . Dickens commonly gives subtle hints of information for the reader to use in working out the complexities of the novel , sometimes leading in the right direction , and other times , in a misleading direction . This keeps the reader informed and eager to process all the facts to conclude their own opinions . The ending is truely '' warm-hearted '' and acts ideally to conclude the novel . A splendid book not to be neglected from any book collection .
 This may be Dickens ' finest novel , for while it may lack some of the comic character that animates his other masterworks , it has a focus and coherence unseen elsewhere in his serial novels . Filled with memorable images and the pain of unrequited love and self-reproach , Dickens has invented a superb comment on wealth , on youth , and on life in general . -LRB- Youths forced to read it in high school may not understand the pain of looking back until later in life . -RRB-
 I , too , languished through this in High School . I , too , vowed never to pick up Dickens again . Then something happened . This is not bragging
 Charles Dicken 's novel , Great Expectations , teaches a lot to the reader . The best thing about the story is Dicken 's development of plotting and characters . It is about a person who experiences grown and shattered expectations from childhood to teenagehood to adulthood . `` Great Expectations '' basically means what is `` expected '' in life
 Every high school kid who has written a review complaining about this book being boring should be boiled with their own pudding and buried with a stake of holly through their heart!Well , thats from A Christmas Carol but you get my point.This book is just great , you ca n't get any better than it except for maybe David Copperfield . Its one of Dickens best , I could read it over and over and over and over ... you get the point . Anyway , Amazon should n't allow all these stupid kids to gripe about the books anyway , they can never say anything more intelligent than `` It was boring . '' Well , poor things . I would just like to tell them that nobody gives a f_c _ and to grow up .
 IMAGES OF MY YOUTH ; GRAMMAR SCHOOL AND HIGH SCHOOL WAS THE TIME WHEN I BECAME ACQUAINTED WITH DUMAS . AND OTHER AUTHORS . TO THIS DAY I CONTINUE READING . A GREAT PASS TIME . I REREAD FAVORED BOOKS PERIODICALLY .
 I believe that this book is very well written . It is so far one of the best love story books that I have read in my life . I believe that it is one of charles dickens ' best books that he has written . The only thing that i do n't like about the book is the ending . the publishers should have kept charles dickens ' original ending . If the publishers had not changed the original ending , to me , this book would have been a fife star book .
 What a great book !!! Just kidding . If u read this , u r crazy . THis book is boring , has no plot , bad language , no descriptions , and Pip is very bored . Of course , he has fun wit Joe when Mrs. Joe uses Tickler on him and they have lots of memories together . That was the best paryt .
 Great Expectations , by Charles Dickens , was a very strong novel . I enjoyed it , but found parts of it confusing and difficult to read . It is a very `` deep '' novel which has twists and turns throughout . In the begining , Pip was an orphan who went to live with his sister -LRB- who was mean -RRB- and her husband -LRB- who was an OK guy . -RRB- Later , he goes to the home of Miss Hauisham . She is a lady who is kind of crazy because of a past situation . Her lover left her years ago . Here is where Pip meets her daughter , Estella , who is very beautiful -LRB- and who was always moody and was spoiled . -RRB- Pip falls for Estella -LRB- I guess he can put her personality aside . -RRB- Later on , Pip becomes wealthy but he ca n't figure out who left him the money -LRB- He thinks it was Miss Hauisham . -RRB- It ends up that a man named Able left him the money . When Pip was young , Able asked him for food . Pip got it for him and Able was convicted and he was forced to move away . After he moved he became wealthy and because of Pips heart and help , Able left him a fortune . As for the end ... you can read it for your self and find out the suprises . My only complaint is that there are some confusing parts -LRB- as I said above . -RRB- Overall , I really enjoyed this book and reccommend it for people who like Dicken 's work . To be honest , when I first got this book I did not want to read it . I figured I would just rent the movie with Gweneth Paltrow , and base my report on that . It is SO DIFFERENT . The book and the movie are not alike . I decided to read it and so I did . I reccommend this book for people who like Dicken 's work . He really did a great job with this one .
 Of all the Dickens novels I 've read , this one is certainly the most atmospheric and perhaps the most true to life . In terms of art , this is probably his supreme achievement . The plot is n't as convoluted as it is in Bleak House . The action is more dramatic . The female characters , particularly Estella , are more believable and -LRB- in the case of Miss Havisham , for instance -RRB- more intriguing . The sentimentality and the overall length are under tighter control . The humor still abounds . The language is easier to read but no less descriptive . No , it 's not a perfect work -- there are still cloying and annoying characters and incidents , and far too many ridiculous coincidences -- but to me , at least , Great Expectations is Dickens ' greatest achievement .
 The book `` The Great Expectations '' was probably originally intended for middle-class adults in London . Today however the book is read and understood by both children and adults . Some things about the book that made it worth reading was first and most obvious the story line . Also the book seemed to go really fast . The story started with action wich made the book more enjoyable to read . Also it did n't get bogged down very much throughout the entire story . Another good quality of the book is that it did n't contain much romance , which can also slow a good book down . The main point of the book that affection , loyalty , and consience are more important than social advancement , wealth , and class , could have a strong affect on certain communities . Since this sort of theme has been around for a while and will continue to be around for a while gives the book credit for being a classic . Also the fact that this book is fairly old and is still being read to this day makes it a classic . The book was written in great detail . All the characters were fully described and all served a purpose . That also made this book very interesting . I would recommend this book to middle school students , and to adults as well as anyone in between . This book and the main idea was not difficult to understand . Also it is enough of an action and `` turn around '' book that it keeps the readers attention even to the end .
 Great Expectations by Charles Dickens was a very good novel in my eyes . The main character Pip believed , as a true Victorian , that a gentlemen is made solely of financial aspects and physicall possessions , and he is oblivious to moral aspects of the positions . Upon recieving his great expectations , he moves to London for a further education , and to become what he thinks is a gentlemen . Through Pips life he learns that his life as a gentlemen is not what he thought it would be , and his views of a true gentlemen start to change . With thanks to Dickens and Great Expectations , we realize that sometimes even a convict may be more genteel than a traditional gentlemen . He may start as a poor orphan boy , like Pip , or labour as a blacksmith , like Joe . truly , what matters is the heart and inner worth that make a genuine gentlemen , and social prestige has not a bit to do with it .
 Although one of the first Dickens books that I 've read , it is still one of my favourites . The scenes with Miss Haveisham 's ghost wedding banquet are haunting and have stuck with me for years . We see how Pip saw this abandoned wedding banquet , and then we follow Pip and his subsequent relationship with Miss Havisham as he grows up . Miss Havisham , for some reason has resolved to take out her considerable vindictiveness on little Pip , and we see how this moulds little Pip 's character . We also see the positive effect that a prisoner -LRB- Joe Gargery -RRB- has on Pip . The tone of this novel is quite gloomy throughout , but it does end on a positive note . Although gloomy , it does have Dickens ' usual warmth and humour displayed throughout , and of course his wonderful characters . This is a book that will stay with you for a long time .
 great expectations is just that . i am not much of a classics fan , preferring contemporary writers . i decided to read this after reading john irving 's `` trying to save piggy sneed , in this book irving finishes with an essay on dickens where he says that great expectations was the book that made him want to write . being a big irving fan , i decided to read great expectations and i have to admit i was blown over by dickens ' writing style . the humour , the characterisation , the verbal jugglery , the pompousness , the joy of writing were all apparent and absolute fun . the best thing about the book is that it hasnt aged one bit.dickens writes with rare moral courage and compassion for the failings of his characters , he creates a vividly colourful world populated by extraordinary characters too bizarre to be real , yet makes us trust in them , and slowly makes us sympathise with them and eventually grow to love them . the strength of this book is not in its plot but rather in the style of writing.a thoroughly enjoyable book if you love a colourful writing style .
 I have to read this book for highschool , and even though I 'm not through with it quite yet , I think it 's a lot better than I expected . Charles Dickens threw in a few parts that I thought were kind of exciting . In the beginning , you really have to get used to different spellings of words , like `` skilful '' , for example , but after you get into the book more , you catch on.The main character , Pip , goes from being a boy raised by his sister , to becoming a gentleman . In his journey , he meets several different people , like Ms. Havisham and Estella , for example . There are many different things he must go through before he is told he has an opportunity to become a gentleman . Now I just have to see how it ends!I 'd recommend it to people who are older than highschool , just because I think you 'd enjoy and understand it a lot more ! But if you 're a real bookworm , you 'd like it . : -RRB-
 `` Great Expectations '' is an extraordinary novel of a young boy 's journey to adulthood . We meet Pip as he describes his sister who `` raised him by hand . '' However , despite his misgivings about his sister he still feels very fondly towards his brother-in-law Joe Gargery . He meets many extraordinary characters along the way one of them being the classic literary figure Miss Havsiham . Miss Havisham had a broken heart and she raised her daughter Estealla to view men the same way she did . As Pip grows up and moves out on his own he becomes the only person to know the true identity of Estella . The other important character in `` Great Expectations '' is a criminal . He had threatened Pip in the marshes when he was a young boy and came back from New Zealand many years later to see Pip again . All though the criminal meets his untimely demise we still grow close to the character and miss him when he goes . This book gives an excellent view of not only a young boy 's thoughts and emotions but outlook as well . It takes you on a journey that provides you with many lessons that can be carried throughout your life . Despote the magnificence and brilliance of the author 's writing it is still a very difficult book . Dickens gives an amazing outlook on life and he deserves the recognition he has gotten , even since his death . `` Great Expectations '' is a true classic and deserves to go down in literary history .
 Absolutely one of my favorite books ever written ... superb , intense and emotional , this books is highly reccommended to anyone who likes literature . Follows the coming of age of Pip , who is realized so fully that the reader cant help but identify with him , and come to feel as if he knows him . Anything by Dickens is bound to be something special , but in my opinion this one takes the cake .
 This is a great story of Pip -LRB- Philip Pirrip -RRB- 's obsessive love for a woman who neither loves him nor seems in any way the typical heroine . As he strives to become a gentleman , aided by an anonymous benefactor 's money , he succeeds only in alienating those who love him best and most honestly . Appearances , as in most Dickens novels , are deceiving , and those who are wealthy in a material sense are not those who are wealthy in the emotional sense and vice versa.The language and sentence structure are both complex ; if you have any difficulty in understanding this sort of English you 'd do well to wait awhile before reading GREAT EXPECTATIONS , because Dickens ' brilliance is in the wording . This is less humorous than many of his other stories ; however the humor is there if you look for it and listen for it in the phrasing.Dickens provided two endings for this book , and , frankly , I do n't care much for either ... but read the book , read both endings , and decide for yourself .
 This is a story that only Dickens could tell , and no Hollywood screenwriter can capture the same . Dickens created characters that can not be placed in another time . Pip is a blacksmith apprentince and meets up with a man in a graveyard named Magwitch . He helps Magwitch out and then Magwitch takes the blame and gets sent to Australia to pay for Pip 's crime . Pip is then invited to play at Miss Havisham 's manor with her ward Estella . And Miss Havisham uses Estella to despise any man . Since Miss Havisham was betrayed by her husband to at the altar by not showing up , she feels it 's her life 's duty to make all men suffer . So Estella makes Pip feel horrible for his hands and only allows him to get close enough to toil with him . You feel so sorry for Pip and how he is tormented by Estella . All the while he gets money from an unannounced bennefactor that turns his life around . And he moves to London to become a gentlemen . A great story about friendship . Dickens created quite a story that nobody can quite capture the same .
 I have loved this book since I first read it in high school . It is fun to revisit it every so many years . I highly recommend it .
 A journey of place and time , yes ; but above all a journey of heart . Pip 's retrospective honesty gave me cause to reflect upon my own errors through the years and ultimately celebrate our shared human capacity to grow in heart and spirit .
 One of the best classics I have ever read . Wonderful story with an amazing storyline and great characters as well as heartwarming .
 My daughter had to read this for school , so I read it it too . I was hooked from the first paragraph .
 This was such a good book ! The middle moved a little slow , but I 'm a little ADD . The ending was quite a cliffhanger though .5 stars !
 I have never read this book and could n't put it down once I started to do so . The download was speedy and it is great . I will definitely be looking out for more books .
 An intriguing look at the social mores of old England . The characters are interesting and well-drawn . Some were kind and loveable ; other were nasty and vicious . But , as in real life , most were a mixture.Well worth reading .
 I 've always adored Dickens , and even read eight of his novels for a class in undergraduate school . I have also become a great admirer of the work of Frank Muller , who has recorded countless works , both popular novels and classics -LRB- including Moby Dick , the brave soul ! -RRB- When Mr. Muller sank his teeth into Great Expectations , he created a performance with the perfect combination of innocence , humor , irony and adventure . He had me laughing out loud despite being stuck in terrible rush hour traffic.The actor manages to become the characters to the point where you forget only one man is reading all of the parts . He has created convicts you could easily picture , and almost smell . His portrayal of Joe Gargery makes you love the character for his heart of gold . His portrayal of Wemmick 's `` castle '' and the `` ancient '' was so hilarious I was almost in tears.Of course , Dickens had quite a bit to do with it too.I realize there are countless recordings of this great work , and I 'm sure this wo n't be the last I will ever hear . But I will always remember Frank Muller 's rendition with great appreciation and a broad smile .
 Great Expectations is a novel that will keep you interested all throughout . It follows the interesting story of a boy named Pip throughout his many life experiences and different phases of his expectations . The plot is connected in a unique way throughout the book , and mysteries are solved and connected with it . Through his beautiful writing and interesting plot , this novel is arguably Dickens 's greatest work . The language does require your full attention to understand it , and it is a very long book , but the writing is so great that you do n't really notice to much.The tone of the novel is pretty dark and gloomy , but there is a constant sense of hope throughout . With themes of social class , guilt and innocence , and ambition we see Pip grow as a person and learn about the struggles and trials in life . There is also a bit of a love story that occurs that puts some fey real emotion into the story.I would reccomend this book to younng adults and adults who have the ability to understand the writing . I would reccomend that a person read it when they are looking for a good book , but have plenty of time to read and really take the story in . You need full attention to read it , but it is well worth the time it takes .
 I had thought of reading this book many times and am glad I finally gave it a read . I love a good story where you care about the characters . I also loved this book because I had no idea where it was going . It was not predictable like so many modern stories .
 I just read this book for school -LRB- 10th grade -RRB- and really enjoyed it . It definitely was tough to get through a few of the chapters , but overall I really liked it .
 This is a great classic . One of my favorite books by Dickens.A book everyone should read at least once ... -LRB- though you will probably read it more than once !!!! -RRB-
 This unabridged audio edition of Dickens ' classic superb chronology of `` Pip 's journey through life going from a poor boy to becoming a man with `` expectations '' is simply marvelous . As Pip comes into a small fortune , and becomes a `` gentleman '' he learns the value and true meaning of friendships and life . But the journey is a long one , with many lessons to be learned along the way before he can find his true self . Dickens has given us a wonderful story , with rich details of the setting and characters that grow and are among the most interesting and magnetic to be found in literature.I do n't need to go on and on about the book itself -LRB- although I could easily go over my allotted word count here -RRB- , if you have n't read it yet , just know you are in for one heck of a literary treat . It is a story that will transport you to another time and place , and you may not want to come back . I will however , talk about this marvelous audio book . Michael Page is the reader , and what a reading he gives . Just curl up and listen to this master storyteller . Every voice , every nuance is captured . There is no doubt who is speaking as he gives each character the personality and cultural characteristics as Dickens intended . He even does the women wonderfully , without going over the top . In my mind Miss Havisham has always sounded just the way Page portrayed her , Estella as uppity as ever , the humble Joe , along with all the rest.If you are a fan of this book , this audio edition will give you a fresh read and new appreciation of this fascinating book . If you are experiencing it for the first time , you ca n't help but to become enthralled . Great to take on long drives or for younger readers to be introduced to classic literature in a most entertaining way.Enjoy the read ... for the 1st Time or the 50th time ! ... Laurie
 Read this book in high school many years ago and probably did not understand the story fully . Just reread it and I absolutely loved the story . The depth of the characters is amazing . You feel like you have know them all of your life . Much more enjoyable now than at the high school level .
 Pip , the main character in Charles Dickens 's Great Expectations , writes the story in first person as a middle aged man looking back on his life . Pip 's parents die when he is young making him an orphan . Pip is `` brought up by hand '' by his sister , who treats him with scorn . His sister 's lack of love , however , is tempered by her husband Joe , a blacksmith . Joe is a simple , uneducated man and Pip 's only `` friend '' during childhood . Pip commiserates with Joe about his sister 's verbal thrashings , trying to make the best of his unhappy upbringing.Early in the story , Pip has an encounter with a convict in the cemetery among the marshes near his home . Unbeknownst to him , this man would be the source for his `` Great Expectations '' later in life.One day Pip is invited to the home of Ms. Havisham . Ms. Havisham is a single , eccentric , old woman who stopped living in the real world many years earlier when she was spurned by her lover on her wedding day.Ms . Havisham has adopted the beautiful Estella , and from the moment Pip meets her , he is infatuated with her beauty . Estella represents wealth , education , success , and opportunity -- things Pip values but thinks he will never have.Dissatisfaction within himself grows as he wants to be more in life than a partner with Joe in the forge . Pip becomes unhappy not only with himself , but also with Joe , who represents what he does not want to be -- uneducated and simple . Failing to appreciate Joe 's moral character , Pip 's world view begins to change as he sees education as something to be attained -- the sure way out of his wretched life and the means by which he could woo the object of his unmerited affections , Estella.Pip 's life changes dramatically when he is visited by a well respected and fiercely admired lawyer , Mr. Jaggers , who brings him an unusual message . Mr. Jaggers tells Pip he is to receive `` Great Expectations , '' but the benefactor is to remain anonymous until and only if they choose to reveal their identity . Pip mistakenly assumes the benefactor is Ms. Havisham , and the manipulating , self serving woman does nothing to dissuade him from his incorrect assumptions.The story takes Pip to London where he lives a life of excess and discards many virtues from his childhood . He no longer wants anything to do with Joe and believes his future course has been immutably set -- that he is to marry the beautiful Estella . He shares his indulgences with his new friend , Herbert , whose acquaintance he had made years earlier at Ms. Havisham 's place . The two of them rack up excessive debt as Pip sees himself as `` a man in waiting '' for all his fortunes to come to pass.Things are not what they seem , however . It is eventually revealed that the benefactor is not Ms. Havisham but the convict , Mr. Magwitch , whom Pip had met in the cemetery many years earlier when he was a young , impressionable boy.Pip is confronted face to face with the despised convict , hounded by the remembrances of him torturing him in the cemetery , dreams that lingered , causing him much consternation . But now he has to accept the undeniable truth that his turn of fortune is not because of Ms. Havisham 's provision , but the despicable convict 's desire to make him a gentleman . The convict wants his life to be redeemed for something good and chooses Pip to be that vehicle.Through a series of events , Pip acknowledges the inexcusable way he has treated Joe and wants to make amends . Before he can accomplish this , however , other happenings complicate his life . The convict , now in England , needs Pip 's protection . Pip must make a way for Magwitch to leave England without being discovered.While Pip hides him with a trusted friend , Pip comes to realize that the convict he had earlier despised has more redemptive qualities than Pip has within himself . As he makes provision for the convict 's escape , Pip sees Magwitch change for the better , and in so doing , Pip also changes . Instead of hating the convict , Pip grows to love him . The self centeredness of Pip 's indulgences is replaced with care , not only for the convict , but in growing degrees , for others.In the process of trying to escape , the convict is attacked by his long-time archrival and enemy . As a result , Magwitch is severely injured , discovered by the authorities , put on trial and convicted , but dies from his injuries before his death sentence can be carried out . Magwitch 's estate is turned over to the authorities to make restitution for past wrongs . Pip is left penniless and obligingly accepts that his Great Expectations and source of income have dissipated into nothing . Meanwhile , Estella marries someone else -- a man whom Pip despises.A few years earlier , Pip had secretly made arrangements for his friend Herbert to have a small expectation out of his `` Great Expectations , '' amounting to a sizable sum of money . When it becomes known to Pip that he will lose his `` Great Expectations '' to the authorities , his only thought is for his friend . Pip returns to visit Ms. Havisham and requests , in a show of repentance for the wrongs she had done to him , a sum of money that Pip could again secretly provide to Herbert.Herbert wisely uses this money to successfully buy into a business venture . He later marries and moves overseas in his business pursuits -- none of which would have been possible without Pip 's anonymous provision to Herbert.Pip credits this as the only redeeming thing he has accomplished , reflecting on all the other things he did or did n't do that could have been used for good.Pip falls ill following the death of his convict friend , Magwitch , and Joe comes to England to care for him until he is well . Joe surreptitiously leaves early one morning when Pip is sufficiently recovered , and when Pip wakes up , he discovers Joe has paid off all his creditors . Pip immediately returns home in penitence to confess to Joe all his past wrongs , realizing that Joe is a better man than he . He recognizes in his now humble state that his `` Great Expectations '' deceived him into using it as a source of pride against Joe.Upon arriving home , Pip 's expectations are not what he envisioned . His sister who raised him by hand has long since died as a result of an attack on her by the evil Orlick . His childhood friend and confidant , Biddy , has just married Joe . In the end , redemption works its way for good . Joe and Biddy are happily married and the sore memories of Pip 's sister are forgotten.Pip returns to London and within a month , leaves England and joins Herbert 's firm , Clarriker and Company , overseas . Pip lives abroad with Herbert and his wife , and after successfully making partner , eleven years later , returns to his boyhood home in England . He discovers Joe and Biddy now have a son who reminds him of himself.Before bidding Joe and Biddy a final farewell , Pip makes one last trip to the Havisham place , the old woman having died many years earlier . Pip discovers Estella in the garden , a chance meeting since she no longer lives there . The old house and brewery have been torn down and sold off except for the garden enclosed by the ivy covered wall.Years of a stormy , failed marriage have softened Estella 's vindictive , prideful nature , and she confesses that `` suffering has been stronger than all other teaching and has taught me to understand what your heart used to be . `` The reader is left to ponder whether Pip and Estella ever marry because Pip says , `` I saw no parting from her . `` In the end , Pip learns much about what matters -- wisdom he would not have possessed if he had stayed working at Joe 's forge . As a middle aged narrator looking back , there is sadness but sweetness about what he has lost because of what he has gained . Perhaps the reader is the real winner , having seen redemption on so many levels within each character . In the end , if we are honest , we can identify these shortcomings in ourselves . If Pip can work out his `` Great Expectations '' to bring redemption , perhaps we can , also -- that is , again , if we are honest . Our sinful nature will always be there , but if we look for good , God will not disappoint us . Maybe `` Great Expectations '' will not only find us , but redemption will be there , too , just as it was in Pip .
 This was my first time to read a Dickens book i thought i would n't like it but once i got to know all the people and there ways which were very funny ways at times , i really enjoyed the book and could n't but it down i love the sweet friendship Pip and Herbert have in the story but the best thing was Joe how could you not love Joe in this story !!!! he was n't the smartest person but he was the best person . . !!! , Im not sure which ending i like most but i thought they were both good in there own way . . ; -RRB-
 This particular book is just the right physical size , as are the type and font , to make it easy to read , unlike any paperback version you are likely to find.To enjoy Dickens is to enjoy his preposterous characterizations , clever and cutting wit , wonderfully complex story lines , and of course his trademark maudlin interludes or devices.The latter make a pretty rich broth making one of his books go a long way . His use of language too causes one to undertake his novels fully prepared to spend time parsing his sentences and consulting a dictionary in order to satisfactorily comprehend his writing.In other words , Dickens can never be read lightly even though , strictly speaking , his work might be considered light reading . ` Great Expectations ' is particularly worthy of close reading for , whether intentionally or not , it harkens back to ` The Odyssey ' by Homer . Yes , that 's right , apart from being a truly ripping yarn , the gist of which you can doubtless cull from other amazon reviews , this is a book in which Dickens examines or , more accurately , lays bare the inner workings of the -LRB- male ? -RRB- human psyche.Humans are raised upon a diet of myths of human perfection , a list of which is endless ; superhuman athlete , heroic military personnel , idealistic politician , anointed prophet , perfect mother , exalted leader , etc. . What Dickens does in this great book is discuss the contradictions that lie within us all that make us heroes one moment and cowards the next ; paragons of virtue on the one hand , and unprincipled thieves on the other ; selfless benefactors today and greedy self-servers tomorrow.Most of us believe ourselves to be endowed with above average amounts of courage , generosity , and charity , etc. . In addition to pointing out such conceits , Dickens proceeds to demonstrate how we maintain these notions while acting in radically contradictory ways to them.This brings me back to Homer 's ` Odyssey , ' and also to the works of Wm. Shakespeare which are the West 's most revered examinations of man 's psyche . It strikes one that this book is Dickens ' effort , successful and brilliant effort , to do as they have . Granted , the latter 's work is sentimental and written to be broadly popular ; however , this accessibility in no way can hide the fact that Mr. Dickens addresses fundamental human truths/traits in this book.Based on amazon reviews , this book is evidently assigned to many 9th grade English classes . What a shame , as it is doubtful that such a young person has yet had a broad enough experience of the personal contradictions that allow us to tick . Perhaps Freshman classes would be better served by ` The Great Gatsby , ' ` Catcher in the Rye ' and similarly glib works , leaving sublime works such as this for later years . -LRB- It could be argued that early exposure might arm one against future bad behavior ... the point Dickens makes though is that we ca n't avoid ourselves . -RRB-
 Great Expectations follows Pip 's life goes from childhood to adulthood with many twists and turns . Some predictable others unexpected . Many hours of good reading .
 Maybe Dickens most heartfelt book ! A great classic read.Filled with memorable characters and scenes . I recommend itFor everyone .
 Wonderful ! It brings two novels by Charles Dickens -LRB- unabridged versions -RRB-
 I 'm loving this old book . I never realized how comical a style it was written in . I bet if you read it in high school and retread it at an older age you would practically think it was a different book !
 Exceptional book . gripping and somewhat sad but teachings of hope in time of despair . a book i would read again . and again .
 Who would have thought that this old chestnut from high school would deliver such joy . The words brought to life the characters and the time they lived . Definitely worth the read , it is a Classic .
 I read this together with my teenage son , him for English class , and me for pure enjoyment and a re-read . We actually listened to the audible version as we read along on my Kindle - our own kind of ` full immersion ' experience . What I found is that giving Dickens my full attention -LRB- vs. listening while e.g. doing yardwork , driving , etc. -RRB- really made a huge difference in my experience of this book - because there are do many delightful nuggets throughout this book ! It was rewarding and fun to see in my mind 's eye , and take pleasure in , the huge banquet of tasty and very often humorous nuggets offered . Many are in passing , like when Pip is in Wemmick 's guest bedroom , with the head of the bed so close to the flagpole that he feels as if he 's spending the night balancing the pole on his forehead .
 This classic book is a wonderful and engaging read . I loved every part of it and had difficulty putting this book down ! Everyone should own this classic novel .
 This book is in excellent conditions , the only thing is that they lost the first book they send me , but the this is excellent
 Loved reading this classic again . Enjoyed it as a youth but as an adult , it had a more realistic effect on me .
 i received the book today and it is brand new ! great book and i recommend this book for all ages
 Great expectations was a wonderful book about not giving up even when things get hard . Pip is extremely sweet and mischievous . This book starts out slow biut once you get into it , it gets really interesting .
 Amazing , classic , and beautifully written . A strange pauper-gone-prince tale where all the threads of fate 's loom are intertwined frequently . Amazing !
 I love the free books for the Kindle . They greatly expand our homeschool reading beyond what we can find at our library as well as allow us to keep a copy as long as we need .
 Classic novel i read in middle school . Loved this book so much i traveled to England with it -_- cried when it disappeared in the airport on the way back . So happy i have a copy on my ipad iphone and itouch now !
 My daughter rated the book a five , but the kindle-friendly format was not as stellar , so we gave it a four .
 Charles Dickens is a great author . I got thisso could refresh my memory on Pip and theother characters while my granddaughterhad this as one of her MUST read booksfor English class . Want to see the newestmovie version of this book .
 I did n't think that anything could be better than Dicken 's Tale of Two Cities . This came very close . In fact , the character development in Great Expectations seems much deeper than Tale of Two Cities , possibly because the reader is not distracted by the current events of the time . I was amazed by the insights into human character and emotion as well as the portrayal of consequences arising from human behavior and choices . .
 a classic book where there is really nothing bad to say about . AS an adult though one can appreciate it more because we choose to read the book instead of it being an assignment that needs to be completed for school .
 Dickens was part of a great humanistic effort , of the 1800s , that more than ever evoked and espoused the Christian principles of human respect for one another . Great Expectations is about the unexplicable evil youth encounters and how one should rise above the hate and vindictiveness of stupid , petty people . It is a book that explains that there is great suffering in the world and there are those that will hate you for no other reason than that you look the way you do , or simply for the fact you exist in the form you are , or have the ancestors you have . And this hate may never be fully exposed , but be there none-the-less , lingering in mysterious shadow and never seen . An honest read of this book by my ninth graders allowed some , who felt anger and self-pity in the form of vengful hate , to rise a little out of their cycle of dispare . The greatest revenge , some say , against your oppressor is to live happily . The book shows how a vengeful heart is so self mutilating and unfulfilling . Great Expectations runs the coarse of someone who managed to forgive . It is a moving book and one that gives inner strength and respectful grace and recognition to the divine in all of us . It is better to not get bogged down in a discussion of Dicken 's personal life , which is a mixed bag , but just read the book . Why would ultra feminists hate this book ? Because they hate . Hateful people will hate a book that so poignantly exposes these wreched people for what they are . The book also shows , most significantly , and contrary to much of the belief of the time , that bad people can reform and become good . The significance of this , and its effect that Dicken 's made upon this notion , is as haunting and deep a goodness as the evil Mrs. Havisham placed in Stela 's soul .
 Great expectations is a very good book . It has action and a meaning . The book starts off by pip , which is a young orphan boy , going to a graveyard to look at his parent 's tombstone . Then a escape convict grabs pip and tells him to bring him food and a file for his chains . The next day pip brings the man what he wants and then police capture the man but he protects pip and says he stole the food because he is touched by pips kindness . Then one-day pip is taken to the satis house , the home of miss Havisham , pip meets a beautiful young girl named Estella and falls in love with her . One-day Jaggers who is a lawyer tells pip that he has received a great fortune from a secret benefactor . The man tells pip he must go to London immediately to start his education as a gentleman . Pip thinks miss Havisham has given him the fortune . When pip is in London he finds new friends and begins to treat his old friends coldly , especially Joe . Several years later a familiar face comes in to pips room it is the convict , Magwitch . He then tells pip that he is pips benefactor . Pip then agrees to help him escape London . Compeyson is pursuing Magwitch and pip later finds out that Compeyson is the one who left miss Havisham on the alter and that Estella is Magwitch 's daughter . Pip begins to care for the convict but later Pip hears that Estella has married another man . When Pip goes to visit miss Havisham she catches on fire and is burned badly . During the escape attempt Pip and Magwitch are capture by police . Magwitch is sentenced to death and Pip loses his fortune . He gets back together with Joe and later ends up marrying Estella and living happily ever after . I think that the author of this book could have made this book in 3rd person instead of 1st and it could have made it better . I think that this book was well writen had had a good message of dont let money go to your head and know who your true friends are . I recommed this book to anybody .
 It may be difficult to rehabilitate Dickens from the reputation assigned to him by his critics , such as his being labelled as a spinner of popular yarns ; a prime representative of Victorian strait-laced morality ; a notoriously verbose prosaist whose writing teems with rhetorical redundancies and digressions ; a careless plotter and over-plotter with a propensity for hyperbolic and grotesque comedy , depicting grim and depressing situations peopled by caricatures and abnormally exaggerated personages . The criticism that he commits a number of unforgivable Freudian flaws can not so easily be obviated as well . Unlike the more firmly established exponents of the realist novel , such as Stendhal , Balzac and Dostoevsky , with their searching psychological assessments of character and motive , Dickens seems concerned mainly with evoking the idea of a certain character and not the character itself in its concrete , three-dimensional actuality . This explains his penchant for caricature . Nevertheless , his ability to present concrete characters is illustrated in `` Great Expectations '' , one of his later and finer works , particularly the characters of Pip and the convict Magwitch , who are psychologically profound and sympathetic portrayals in comparison to the host of other characters . His ability as a profound satirist and social critic is conclusively demonstrated by his interweaving his analysis of class , injustice and crime with the narrative . Pip , who finds himself elevated from his humble origins to one of the highest strata of society , by being made into a gentleman by a mysterious benefactor , is shocked to discover that this same benefactor , the agent of his social progress , is a despicable criminal who offends him by his sight . The message is obvious
 A classic British novel written by Charles Dickens , Great Expectations , is a great novel with a very good moral at the end . The main character , Pip , is a very dynamic character . His morals and thoughts change throughout the book.In the beginning Pip grows up living with his aunt but then he gets an anonymous benefactor who helps him grow up a new life as a boy with a good education and living as an upper class citizen . Throughout the book we see Pip 's struggles and he overcomes them . This book draws one in so they are not able to put it down . A good twist at the end .
 I really loved this book , but the best part about this particular form of Dickens 's classic novel is the section at the end of the book that included Dickens 's notes on the characters and plots , an alternate ending , and footnotes about the use of language or phrases that might be confusing to the modern reader . Also , the cover does not press an image of the characters or setting onto you , and allows you to picture your own Pip or Estella . Other editions of this book might not give you so many resources and be so reader-friendly . I am glad that I was forced to read this book , because I would have never read it on my own , or I would have quit after the first book -- which is a little boring , but reveals some very important facts to develop the intricate and complex plot . Is n't it great how everything ties up so nicely in Dickens ? Read this book , but make sure never to question the genius of Dickens ... putting you halfway to sleep before dropping a bomb and putting a huge plot into action . Stick with it , and you 'll be glad you did . But make sure to get this edition of the book , because it is far superior !
 Any one with a passion for literature -LRB- and those who do n't -RRB- should read Great Expectations . Not only is the story itself wonderful , but Dickin 's underlying messages of about life and circumstances that lead people to their destinies are amazing . While a bit wordy at times , the style is superb and outlives the era to speak to modern people as well as it did one hundred years ago . Please , do n't let your view of Dickins be `` old '' ! This book is as relevent today as it was when first published . Read it today !
 I choose to read this book , though most people my age would not , for an assignment at school . At first I was skeptical and thought Dickens might be one of those boring writers who wrote pages and pages of nothing . As I read the book though I was very suprised . I found that the plot was very interesting and there were many exciting scenes . In conclusion I would recomend this book to anyone who thinks they can handle it !
 Like many of the people who have rated this book , I am reading it for school -LRB- over the summer , does n't that bite ? -RRB- . Anyways , I found this to be a great book . The storyline is fascinating and unpredictible , and the characters are marvously developed . The reason I gave the book only 4 stars , though , is because it is such a long read .
 This book is perhaps the best work of Charles Dickens . Charles Dickens did not write many books in the first person narrative , and in Great Expectations , it is from the narrative of the protagonist named Pip.The book is very interesting and when reading this book , you can expect to be sad , anxious , and moved.Dickens does a great job of combining all the characters together in one plot.The book begins when Pip is young and is met by an escaped convict and the book ends with a happy ending.-jonny
 Reaching deep into himself , Dickens created this novel of moral exploration , high comedy , and page-turning narrative power . Pip , an orphan raised by his bullying siter and her sweet-naured blacksmith husband , discovers one day that he has a mysterious benefactor . The good-hearted Pip suddenly has `` great expectations '' of his life and begins to reject spiritual values for materialistic ones . Depspite his financial windfall , things do n't go well for Pip . Estella , the beautiful but haughty young woman he loves , coldheartedly tortures him . And then there is the reappearance of Magwitch , the escaped convict who forced Pip to steal for him when Pip was a young boy . While Pip 's maturation and moral education forms the heart of novel with his usual array of unforgettable characters , such as Miss Havisham , Joe Gargery , Jaggers , and of course Pip . Great Expectations represents one of Dicken 's greatest triumphs . It manages to be both funny and moving .
 I got a few classics for the kindle app , ca n't go wrong with ant classics in my opinion ! Better yet , they were free !!!!!
 Definitely not a modern read , but that can be a good thing . The style of of writing in Mr. Dickens 's era may seem a little over the top by current literature , but the character 's grab you , you want to know how they do , what they do . Inlove good storytelling .
 The book tells the story of Pip and his coming of age . It deals with acceptance and love . It is full of both suspense and drama . I warmly recommend it .
 very pleased with this product that is nearly new and was shipped promptly and was was well packed so thanks
 this is a fun book to read , a great weekend beach get away book , i hate the amazon minimum word requirement review
 I love Charles Dickens . I 've read all his books . I started reading them in elementary school , and they are just as good now as they were back them
 I did n't want this book it to end . Would highly recommend it for all ages . Am renting the movie this week , too !
 I would give this book five stars and highly recommend it to anyone who loves a journey through time and places where I can only go through books ,
 i love this game keeps you busy on a rainy day . love to play games and stay busy . .
 Dickens explores various sides of human nature in Great Expectations , as he tells the story of Pip , a common , lower-class , laboring boy who shows his desire to become a civilized gentleman . Along the storyline , Dickens inserts several points that man has several sides . The book is excellent in depicting how easily betrayal can occur , how quickly man can turn on his closest friend.A very well written story , Great Expectations continuously keeps the reader interested with its intriguing occurences .
 Great Expectations reveals the life of an orphan , Pip , who is alone in a desolate world even though he lives with his sister . Charles Dickens , develops a plot that portrays true life in the 19th century . Pip undergoes several events that reveal the true motives of life , the happiness in true love and the curse of wealth.The audience can easily relate to the overall theme of Great Expectations , the familiarity of the sycophant , ambitous characters enable the reader to apply the concepts to their own life . This novel , in all its intensity is filled with details that make reading enjoyable and very realistic . Personally , I enjoyed this novel very much , its is a great book to read becasue it reminds a person of the immense value of the simple , loving things in life .
 Thirteenth of Dicken 's four major novels , Great Expectations has the most dramatic and gripping start that unfolds a story that drives eagerly forward , full of emotion and humor and many unforgettable characters . As a kid , we had this book on our Literature List and every time we had to write down the answers of Literature tales , it was rather strenuous and boring as this meant to be a part of education . However , when it came to conduct a teaching class in literature , Great Expectation turned out to be an adventure . Unlike Oliver Twist and David Copperfield , Pip is not really a hero and also it does not end a Happy ending but Pip is being stripped of his wealth and his position in society . Pip is sent to London to be educated as a gentleman , he is impressed by the wrong people for the wrong reasons . He neglects and abandons the honest , hardworking folk who care for him and his pride is hurt when he learns who his mysterious benefactor is . Pip express guilt for his behavior who have a violent nature and crude ways but altogether he is courageous too . Pip , his father surname being Pirrip and his Christian name Philip , that 's how he is called ` Pip ' , has a fascination for Estella but is brought up by Miss Havisham to wreck revenge on all male sex and break hearts . Herbert Pocket is a character who has frankness was amiable and cheerful who became a friend of Pip . Dicken 's novels have a central theme ` rags-to-riches ' tale of a poor , underprivileged boy who is finally accepted into society . Strangely , this one has a different end . A nice read and great pick for Classroom Literature workshop .
 When i first red the book in the highschool i 've looked through like Pip . But after some years , when i 'm reading it again , now i can see it like Dickens do ... It 's a novel that anybody can selfexplain on any time of his life . If not , he 's very lucky ...
 It 's a shame that most people resign this book to their `` having already been read '' list as a result of this novel being assigned coursework in junior high or high school . Dickens was a master of depicting subtleties of human relationships and personalities . Great Expectations illustrates this gloriously . Whatever can be said of Pip , is that he is abashedly a hopelessly human character . I sincerely ca n't imagine a young reader to identify with the maturity of these character 's substantive familiarities with one another . Please do n't write this book off , because you feel as if you already know the plot line and story because you read it young , I guarantee , read as an adult , this celebrated novel will take on a whole new light when you have been out in the world and experienced the complexities of the human condition .
 I respect the point of view of the reader who said that he/she ca n't add much to the opinion of countless generations who read this classic for the past 150 years . Classics last this long because they 're masterpieces , and hence this work deserves five stars.The only thing to add in my point of view , is that I wo n't be surprised to learn that Dickens wrote this story especially for school boys who are really struggling to identify themselves and determine what is really important in life . No wonder this is one of the most required readings in middle school . In other words , adults wo n't find in it a mature story like the one in Steinbeck 's East of Eden , or the taboo-sex theme of Nabokov 's Lolita . This is about a young boy who goes on a long journey and ends up finding himself and realizing what really gives him happiness in life.As for the ending , there are two endings ; published and unpublished , and I like the published more . Do n't read further for I will give the ending away , unless you 've read it already , but in the last paragraph Pip says that the mist of the evening when he held hands with Estella reminds him with the morning mist when he left the forge . The way I see it is that Estella will go through the same journey that Pip went through when he left the forge and went to London , the journey that was initiated by Estella 's father and that helped Pip to be a better man . Now Estella will go through a journey initiated and guided by Pip in order to make Estella a better woman . Magwitch hurt Pip in the beginning but Pip helped him so Magwitch gave him all his money . The money was gone but was left was more important than money
 Victorian society got a good spanking when Great Expectations was published , at the time Dickens 's anger and frustration was at one of its highest points . Pip , the novel 's protagonist - I hesitate to call him the hero - is at once likeable and recognizable as a powerful symbolic tool , though the former quality intentionally decreases as the novel progresses.Pip is joined by a cast of the most memorable characters in literature - the cold , ethereal Estella , the crazy , wounded Miss Havisham , loveable dullard Joe , whip-smart lawyer Jaggers - the list could , and possibly might , go on for pages . If there were literary awards for Best Ensemble , the characters in Great Expectations would clinch them all . The characters function as both political/social symbols and , though they exist in a time period far removed from us , identifiable and memorable figureheads that will - and should - be a literary hallmark forever .
 I first read this about 12 years ago as a teenager in High School of course at the time I could not possibly comprehend everything that is going on . On a whim I decided to reread this novel and am very happy that I did , Pip , Joe , Estella , Mrs Havisham all these charecters are so colorful and well written it amazes me . This novel covers a diverse collection of human emotions such as love , friendship , loyalty , shame , and forgiveness . If the only time you read this it was mandatory reading for freshman english do yourself a favor and pick it up again and reread it I found it very worthwhile .
 Many reviewers have called this Dickens ' greatest novel . One reviewer says it was the first time a character 's feeling had been explored in such detail . These things I can not comment on - this is the first Dickens novel I ever read , and I am not familiar with other works of this period . I can say that it was a damn fine read though.I must admit , maybe it was a convention of the time , but there were a great many impossible coincidences in this story . The term `` soap opera '' even crossed my mind at one point . In the end I forgave these improbable coincidences because the story was so compelling , and the novel so old , and the author of legendary repute.I loved the saint-like character Joe . I think he was my favorite character . And Dickens does a masterful job of showing the friendship between Pip - the protaganist - and Joe and especially Herbert . Miss Havisham is the picture of the bizarre rich recluse . And Estella the epitome of the cold-hearted shrew . All of the characters are rich.And it is true , as many other reviewers have commented , that so many issues are explored in this work . The meaning of true love , genuine friendship , the implications of `` moving up '' and it 's effects on family and friends , good fortune , redemption , etc. . It 's all there - life is there.The book was slow at certain parts , but most of the time I found myself eagerly turning the pages . Dickens is a master at compelling his reader to turn the pages . What will happen next ? At some of the titanic coincidences and plot turns I found myself thinking , `` what ?! You 've got to be kidding me ... '' and then begging for more . I think you will too.There are some deeply heartfelt moments . Deeply heartfelt , touching , that inspired warm feelings in me . It was a pleasant change of pace from the darker , more cynical literature of today -LRB- though there are evil people and violent actions in Great Expectations as well -RRB- . The final lesson of redemption is truly heartwarming .
 This is my favorite book . I 've read it at least 6 times , and it is still a wonderful story . Dickens makes you feel what little Pip feels on the unexpectedly interesting journey of his life . From his childhood encounter with an escaped convict to a mysterious rise to riches and fame later in life , I am completely immersed in his story . The tale of his love for a girl named Estella who , not only will never love him , but emotionally tortures him every day of his life is heartbreaking yet somehow familiar . There are subtle lessons to be learned from this book . If you have n't already read it , you should .
 All that can be expected from great English classic is here . This is arguably the best piece written by Dickens
 I am so sorry I did n't get to this before today ... I thought I had done it already ... please forgive me ... totally my fault ... I have so enjoyed this wonderful book and its just as described ... thanks again . . will buy from you often ... GREAT SELLER !!!! AAAAAAAAAAA + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
 This was a Christmas gift for my oldest granddaughter . I was very pleased with the item and the shipping . She was delighted to receive the book . I will shop first at Amazon for everything I am wanting to purchase .
 Witty , clever , and full of great characters and images . Laughed out loud a number of times . The plot was compelling and kept my interest , though at some point things began to bog down a bit . The chatty , meandering prose put me off at times . I thought I read Dickens was paid by the word for some novels , and I did get the sense that GE would have worked better as a shorter novel . Still , an enjoyable read.Keep a dictionary handy to deal with some of the antiquated and/or vernacular language .
 I am an English Major , so I have a soft spot for anything written by Dickens . I bought this for a friends graduation -LRB- get it ... Great Expectations ... -RRB- and I am jealous of her now . This edition comes hard bound with an old style canvas-like covering . As far as I 've seen , it is a reliable and true-to-original edition -LRB- Penguin is usually good for this -RRB- . There is critical material in the back of the book so non-critical or casual readers can do some in-depth thinking into the piece after reading it . I love this edition , and I want one for myself !
 The package arrived on time and was what was expected . The package did ship from Britain which caught my grandma 's fancy .
 This is the classic version of Dickens 's masterpiece . It is very nicely done and very enjoyable . From my point of view the price is fair for what you get . It is not a cheap copy from the corner bookstore but also not overpriced . The quality is totally fine and it looks nice . About the story , well you can read that in the other reviews or look for it on the internet . I really enjoyed reading it and would recommend it at any time.Regards , B.
 Listening to the audio version of this Dickens classic is thoroughly enjoyable . The narrator , who is also the main character , addresses you directly and colours the whole story with his own amiable personality . Indeed , one can imagine that the novel , published in instalments in that long bygone era before radio , television and other non-printed media , was conceived to be read out loud in the family parlour.The characters are straightforward , captivating and likeable . Totally removed from any realistic complexity , they are all the more memorable
 I needed to purchase 3 books at one time for my daughters high school assignment , I was given a `` short '' notice . I was able to locate all three books quickly and easily . The price of each of the 3 books were reasonable giving me a wide selection -LRB- s -RRB- to choose from . I received all 3 books quickly and in excellent condition .
 What can be said of Dickens , that had n't been said before . Any tale by the master can always be read , read and re read again no matter your age . Now I can take the books -LRB- I say books -RRB- anywhere with my Kindle with delight . Thank you Amazon for making this a reality .
 This is a true classic that everyone should read at least once in their lives . I loved it and will read it again and again !
 I am very pleased with the Kindle version of `` Great Expectations '' . There were no misprints or printer 's errors -LRB- that I noticed -RRB- . Both endings were there
 After seeing this on t.v.countless times , nothing can compare to the original as told by Dickens . Loved it and all of his works .
 I had read this book in hs , but totally had forgotten it . What a great reread ! The book is so well written with the dialect of the time . The plot unwinds and twists so many times . It is very touching . Loved it !!
 I down loaded `` Great Expectations '' after hearing some friends talk about it . This electronic translation was ALMOST perfect but the few mess ups were tolerable -LRB- and distinguishable -RRB- . I would highly recommend this book to anyone looking to explore a well written piece of classic literature .
 I have just , on Christmas Eve , given myself the gift of hearing this beautiful , classic Charles Dickens taleGreat Expectationsperformed by the master narrator , Simon Prebble . As all of Dickens ' tales do , this provides a look at life for the ordinary man in that time and place , England in the 19th century . It is also a parable about the worth of people as judged by their wealth , status and power vs. their character and more . It is filled with wonderful character studies that only Dickens could do
 I loved it ! In fact I remember reading Great Expectations during a 7th grade English class and getting in trouble for not paying attention to what was being taught . I came to this book on my own , as opposed to being made to read it , and while the lenth and the language was challenging for the first few pages , I remember falling head over heels in love with Dickens ' style . This was the first time I felt myself get lost in a book . I 've read it several times since in the last 14 years and I get lost in Pip 's world every time !
 Yes , the prose is overlong . Yes , the English language has evolved since Dickens ' day , so you 'll be using the dictionary feature on your Kindle often . But Great Expectations transcends time to bring a very relatable story to modern readers . The mystery deepens at every turn , the characters develop more fully and , if you open your mind and relax , the book 's a downright page-turner -LRB- or page-clicker , for Kindlers -RRB- . I tried reading this classic when I was younger and less patient , but it took a 40 + - year-old me to ` get ' it . Perhaps young people need to experience life and the lessons we all learn to really appreciate Great Expectations . Perhaps they relate a little too much with the freshly made gentleman and do n't really understand why he castigates himself for his behavior . Or perhaps they 're just not patient enough to ` zen out ' and enjoy the book for what it is . Whatever the reason , I sincerely hope the young people who hate this book today , will pick it up again when they 're more ` seasoned ' - then they might just understand why it 's a classic.If this review gave you information that was helpful , please feel free to click the YES button below !
 Great & free down load to PC Kindle product ; yes , Kindle has a free software download so that you can read their books on your PC too . This book was a free download too at the time , I downloaded the softare as well as 99 other books !
 Great novel to stand the time . I heard and read the novel in my high school days . However , I just tested the Amazon functions using it without actual reading .
 I have read Great Expectations more than 2 times . I have listened to it also on Audio CD more than a few times . I occasionally just listen to any randomly selected track -LRB- s -RRB- at any randomly selected part of the story in it 's unabridged version.I was excited to hear it in an abridged version and with several persons portraying the various characters.As much as I love the unabridged reading of the story ; I was quite pleased with the acting out of the story in this radio-presentation-like recreation of Great Expectations.It was refreshing that Pip 's dialogue was a faithful recreation of the actual text due to him being the character telling the story ; so the Dickens ' wonderful wordsmithing was not lost.It is a great story for all ages , to listen and learn to love ; and I hope for their sake , to encourage them to read the story in its entirety .
 I have to admit I have not read this yet . I saw these advertised in a magazine and just HAD to have them . I used a gift card and bought 4 or 5 . They are just eye-candy on one of my tables right now ... but I do want to read them . They were n't packed very well . They were just put in an oversized box , I 'm lucky they did n't get messed up .
 CLASSIC . I BOUGHT IT FOR MY CHILD TO READ OVER THE SUMMER AND IT BOUGHT BACK SO MANY MEMORIES . I 'M GLAD WE HAVE A COPY TO KEEP AROUND THE HOUSE .
 My daughter had to read this book for school and she said it was a great read . She is 14 and it was easy for her to understand and follow .
 This was an interesting book . It is the first book by Charles Dickens that I had ever read . The language was weird but that was because it was a British novel written in a different era . I enjoyed it though because it was a escape to a different era and time . I plan on reading several other works by this author . It was slow to start but only because I was not used to the writing style or language . I would recommend .
 The setting of this book is in the Elizabethian era . Class , titles , and wealth is veryimportant around this time period and Dickens shows the importance in this great novel.Another theme of this novel is that not everyhting is as it seems.The story starts with Pip -LRB- Philip Pirrip -RRB- at the graveyard . He went to visit his dead parentswhen all of a sudden he was snatched by an escaped convict . The convict threatened Pipsaying that he will slit his throat if Pip did not bring food , a drink and a file . Pip did whathe was told and felt guilty for helping the convict out for many years after.He is asked to play at Satis House where he meets Miss Havisham and the beautifulEstella . Pip hoped that Miss Havishams intentions were to make his fortune , make him agentleman and have Estella to wed. . He was wrong , instead Miss Havisham 's intentionswere for Pip to fall in love with Estella and then have his heart broken.After this dissapointment , Pip hears news that an anonymous benefactor wants to makePip a gentleman and give him a fortune . Pip believed that the anonymous benefactor wasMiss Havisham but instead it was the escaped convict that Pip helped when he was ayoung boy . It gets even more interesting when Pip finds out that Estella is the daughter ofthe escaped convict.This novel comes with interesting twists and great themes that can have a reader thinking , '' whats going to happen next ? '' I recommend this novel to any reader who likes a greatstory .
 The reason I choose to write this review is quite simple
 I liked the book Great Expectations , I thought it was very interesting to read . When I first found out that we ha to read it I did n't think i would like it at all but I did , once I got into the book.I thought it was hard to read . Sometimes I did n't get it but othere times I did and did think Charles Dickens made it easy to understand . I do n't think he should have written so many characters becasue I lost track of who was who and where they were at . He should have written more to the ending , like what happend to Pip and Estella.I did like when Pip started realizing that just because you have money dose n't mean you can be mean to people like Joe and Biddy and everyone else that do ' t have as much as he does . I liked how toward the ending everything kind of came togeter ; that 's whenI really understood who was who . I really liked how all the characters were sonnected in some way like Magwitch , Estella , And Molly . Also Compeyson and Miss. . Havisham .
 This is one of Dickens 's better known classics , though not his best . The theme is worthy enough of study , though , and the reading is enjoyable . Recommended .
 Dickens tells his story through the consequences of several secret , unsolicited acts of kindness . The consequences of these acts varies greatly . Dickens seems to be unconcerned with passing judgement on the acts themselves , instead he prefers to humor himself by exploring of their unpredictable outcomes .
 I have read everything Catherine Coulter has ever published and this is by far , in my opinion , her best and most enjoyable book . The characters are both complex and entertaining . Coulter 's use of humor , even in the midst of suspense , makes this book too much fun to put down . Rafe and Marcus are the ultimate romantic leads , both strong-willed , intelligent and compassionate . If you like witty dialogue , suspenseful plots and hot , hot romance , this contemporary novel should top your list .
 I have read many of Coulter 's books from her historicals to her suspenses . This is by far her best work . The book is fast-paced , sexy , with great characters and a surprise ending . Marcus and Raphaella are well-matched and created great tension . A MUST-read for romance fans !
 I thought this was one of Catherine Coulter 's best works ever !! I really respect the author for her ability to write an ending that keeps pace with the rest of the book . Writing a good conclusion is so important because it is what we are left thinking about when we finish the book . The story was fast paced and I felt a deep connection with these characters.Wonderful !!!!
 I borrowed this book from the library on IMPULSE then went home to check it out on the net . After reading , I was actually surprised to find out that it was not as spectacular as others said . It was not bad but I 'd have to say that I 've definitely read better . I found the characters a little wanting and the plot was nothing new . I 'd have to say that the humor and the surprise ending is what actually saved it for me and made me give it four stars instead of three . In the middle of the book , I found myself wanting to skip and being an avid reader of romances , I realized this was not a good sign . Anyway , I do n't really know much about this author 's style to give any good kind of recommendation but if you like romance with more than a little kick -LRB- I mean this literally , it had lots of that karate stuff -RRB- , I 'd say this is a good read .
 Coulter has done it again . I read this book while on vacation and blew a whole day of sight-shopping in Europe in favor of finding out if Rafaella ever reveals the identity of her father . This is positively gripping , and even where I thought that the plot went a little too much by the wayside -LRB- the prostitute 's demise -RRB- , it ended up being crucial to the story . Fabulous job again by Ms. Coulter , who has convinced me that she 's as good in the new century as she was in the three previous ones . : - -RRB-
 I highly recommend this book to fans of Coulter 's contemporary suspence/romance style . The main characters Rafaella and Marcus were likeable and very sensual , with action packed adventure that takes you from Boston to the Carribean to London and Paris with Long Island , Chicago , L.A. , and Miami interspurced . And all the secrets !!!
 I just started reading Coulters books and loved this one . I read a book every couple of days and this is one of the best in quite some time . I am now a big fan of Hers . Great story , characters , pace . Oozing with suprise , suspense , and romance .
 Have not started it yet .15 word requirement is stupid , As I said I have not started it yet . I HAVE NOT STARTEDIT YETI
 I did not buy it new , so I knew it would have some wear and tear . It had a bit more than I was expecting , but it was still acceptable
 GREAT READ , AS ARE MOST ALL OF HER BOOKS . THIS IS ONE OF MY FAVORITE AUTHORS . I REALLY LOVE THE FBI SERIES ,
 Excellent condition , ship time was shorter than advertised . Completely satisfied with this product and seller .
 Impulses , by Catherine Coulter , is a well written page turner with the answer to `` who done it '' coming only on the last few pages.In the book we have a group of people all driven by , or slaves to , their impulses . In some cases these impulses have become obsessions and ruined their lives.The characters are larger than life , encounter many obstacles but overcome their impulses.It surely is a good read .
 I found this book as intriguing as her FBI series which I normally have favored . I have read many of her books -LRB- all of the FBI -RRB- and now the small number grouped with Impulse . I wish she 'd stay with these two !
 This book kept me wondering the entire time . Great romance between the two main characters . I would give it more credit then the other reviews I have read .
 Coulter does a great job of taking her characters in and out of the mysterious criminal element and the romance . I hope she decides to continue to develope her talents in writing mystery/romance novels .
 this was the first time i read one of her books . i do n't think the text was perfectly awesome , but i did n't think it was porn either . i think all the details in this book were relevant , and i usually hate long boring details in a book .
 I read this book when I was in seventh grade , and I 've read it probably 20 times . If I had to pick a favorite book this would be it . The romance it offers is heated and exciting . Rafaella 's character is as strong as they come . This book will keep you on the edge of your seat , and you 'll need to cool off after you read it .
 I am neither a Doors scholar nor have I read extensively in the literature devoted to the band 's rise to prominence in the late nineteen-sixties and its subsequent demise . I did see the Doors perform once or twice . And I have screened Oliver Stone 's film which , in my opinion , raised more questions about the iconic Jim Morrison than it answered . So , for the record , I came to Stephen Davis 's sprawling biography of Morrison without a lot of prior knowledge and without expectations for a fresh take on its subject of inquiry . That said , I found Jim Morrison
 If you 're looking for an in depth book about the life of Jim Morrison , you 've found it .
 This book is a narration composed of an assemblage of accounts from those surrounding Morrison and well as his own published and unpublished work . No interviews seem to be conducted by this author and the information sited was n't referenced at the degree necessary to maintain a comfortable degree of certainty . Many accounts were introduced and then left for the reader to determine . Some of these are weakly chronicled rumors or gossip that may have distorted the persona being built.The author did wonderful job with presenting the atmosphere of the time period and describing the eccentric luminaries that often ran parallel to Morrison during the later 60 's . The east coast and west coast scenes were well portrayed and the climate of Vietnam percolated into the Morrison identity Davis was defining.I would have liked to read more information on how the Morrison family felt about their son . It appeared that there was a shortage of information which would have completed the story . The author set the background but then did n't expand on it as the story progress except for some small inserts here and there that left many things unexplained.All in all , this was a comprehensive account of the life of Jim Morrison . I enjoyed reading it and would recommend it to anyone interested in the music scene in the 60 's or the life or Jim Morrison and the Door 's .
 This is the first Morrison biography I ever read . I found it readable and very worthy , apart from some errors that should have been picked up by the editor . For example , the false statement that Morrison arrived in Paris in June 1971 . I also remember Davis quoting a Doors review from the LA Times and saying that was their first mention in mainstream press . But Davis had mentioned another LA Times Doors review about 100 pages earlier . These kinds of errors break the readers ' flow and inevitably raise questions about authorial reliability . However , for me , they were overshadowed by the fascinating tale of Morrison 's rise and fall . I look forward to reading Hammer of the Gods and Patricia Butler 's biography of Pamela Courson .
 EXTREMELY well researched and this author injects personal humor and interest while maintaining an objective outlook and perspective for the reader . I loved this book and I learned a great deal about Jim Morrison . I ca n't wait to track down other books by this author .
 i found this book to be quite informative . i 've read many other biographies of Morrison 's , including -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- ` No One Here Gets Out Alive , ' otherwise referred to as ` Nothing Here but Lies . ' I certainly find most of his research to be as close as one can get with a ` middle man . ` However as with all such topics , his most outlandish claims should be taken with a large grain of salt , or at least weighed heavily . Jim 's real days will never be truly known in every intimate detail ; but thus far , this is as good as it gets .
 As a major Morrison fan , i felt this book did justice to the poet , not the rock star , and the poet is who lives on today . It is a good read if you have taken an interest in the doors or Morrison . I found it better then jerry hopkins book No One Here Gets Out Alive , and it held to the truth better then Hopkins book . If you are interested in finding out where Morrison got the ideas for his songs , and in learning about him as a poet as well a rock star , this is the book to read .
 I recommend this book by Stephen Davis ! First , it 's comprehensive , well-written and truly interesting . -LRB- His research and contacts are cited at the back . -RRB- Unlike other bios you will find on Jim Morrison , this book is written in linear fashion and does not jump around , leaving the reader confused . You begin to get a good sense of Jim 's development from the time he was a teenager . Unfortunately , it does take many years to discover the reality of a celebrity 's existence ... While they are alive their reputations will be protected to some extent , so it is often after death that the public will learn what drove a celeb to do what they do . This is one of those books that , I feel , tells it like it really was . It 's a sad read , but it is compassionately and honestly written.I love how Stephen Davis develops the two sides of Jim 's personality
 I almost did n't buy this book after reading many of the reviews here . I am glad I did buy it . I 've read several biographies on this subject and I feel this is the best.Refreshingly , Davis does n't write with the flagrantly ` hero-worshipping ' tone others who have written about Morrison have used . Rather than reenforcing the same recycled viewpoints of others who regarded Morrison as a mystic/mad genius poet , Davis explores and reports the opinions of many of Morrison 's contemporaries who were rather unimpressed with the man as a person . The result is the most balanced bio on Morrison that I 've read thus far.There are times when he does seem to beat the reader over the head with repetitive examples of Morrison 's bufoonish and beligerent behavior while drunk . For instance , he dwells on many examples of Morrison 's shouting racial slurs in the street , drunkenly taking the stage and disrupting other musician 's performances , and often treating his fans and lovers as something less than human beings . One or two of these examples would have gotten the author 's point across without constantly repeating identical examples of the same boorish behavior.I also felt he dwelled on too many hearsay quips and unsubstantiated rumors about Morrison 's alleged homosexual escapades as evidence that Morrison leaned that way . At those times it seemed apparent to me that the author was taking a bit too much delight in trying to convince the reader that this was true . The evidence he put forth in that aspect of Morrison 's life was unconvincing . All third person accounts cast forth in shadowy rumors.But again , unlike other Morrison bios , I found this to be a unique reporting of the varying , and often extreme degrees , in which those who were associated with this man viewed him . All other bios I have read left me with the somewhat suspicious sense that everybody who knew the man was in true awe of him . Davis confronts that one sided view and names , and quotes , many of Morrison 's associates who for the most part viewed him as a belligerent alcoholic who was at best tolerated by them . I especially found it insightful , and sad , when he quotes by name a woman who says something to the effect that near the end of his life many people who knew Morrison felt sorry for him.Overall , I feel this is the only Morrison bio which captured Morrison 's brief but interesting life for what he was ... A brilliant but very troubled young man .
 I ca n't disagree that Davis uses conjecture more than would be preferred in a well-researched biography . However - he scores big with his on-the-record accounts from Alain Ronay about what really happened in Paris the week of July 3 , 1971 . Lots of reviews have complained that there is `` no new information '' , but I 've read all the Morrison books available , in print and out , and until now I 'd never read an account of the undertaker arriving at Jim 's and Pam 's apartment to pack his corpse in ice . Have any of YOU ? Did n't think so . Highly recommended .
 With the many other books out there on Jim Morrison and the Doors , you have to wade through a lot of `` fertilizer '' to get to the real facts . Not so with this book by Stephen Davis . He clears up a lot of the myths , half-truths and legends surrounding this remarkable ' 60 's icon of rock . Unfortunately , he also stirs up some new ones with unfounded hints & suggestions that Jim may have been an experimental homosexual . Beyond this scantily supported bombshell though , the book really delivers the goods on his life and times before , with , and after the Doors .
 Stephen Davis outdoes himself and his previous classic of rock biography with his new book . Well , in my opinion , Jim Morrison is inherently more interesting than the boys of Led Zeppelin , though both flirted with the dark magic of Kenneth Anger . And also now , because Morrison is dead , Davis does n't need to concern himself much with libel laws , except to protect thr reputation of the innocent who are alive.His focus is on the paradox of ontology , of Morrison 's being , and why is it that a boy who on the surface led a pretty privileged suburban life wound up living as an adult a life of creativity , unhappiness , and mystery . No other writer has come close as this to explaining Morrison 's art in terms of his childhood and his background , and partly Davis ' success stems from his finger on the pulse of US and world history during the 1940s and 1950s . We see Morrison very much in tune with contemporary developments in music , poetry , art and cinema , showing that he was not some isolated genius , but part of an interweb of action and reaction that accompanied the Cold War and its discontents . If , as Davis alleges , Morrison was the victim as a teen of sexual abuse by someone within his own family , a military figure at that , it would go a long way towards explaining how `` The End , '' etc , came to be written .
 As a religious Doors fan , I enjoyed this . First off , I do n't understand people being upset over `` rehashed material . '' So what ? How many times are biographers going to interview the same people over and over again ? The story does n't change ! My impression is that Davis went nuts finding every interview , book , article , etc regarding Jim Morrison or the Doors and compiled it to something coherent . Each biography out there has something the others do n't and this guy just put it all together , giving us a ton of details . So what ? And I did find some weird inaccurate quoting in the book , but it does n't change the meaning of the quote . This is tedious nitpicking.I found the `` rumors '' about Morrison intriguing as well . It 's pretty pathetic that some people ca n't consider that perhaps Jim was bisexual . It would n't be outside his character , at least in my opinion . Davis makes it clear that there is n't any substantial evidence for some of these rumors or claims -LRB- although from actual witnesses -RRB- but mentions them anyway so that you could make your own decisions . Some of the rumors are shocking , such as the an allegation by an ex girlfriend stating Jim was raped by his father . Davis is n't making this up as the ex-girlfriend did mention this in an early publication of her book . But he by no means states it as fact but allows us to make our own decisions . `` Rumors '' are an essential part of any legend.The inaccuracies that people are mentioning in here are tedious and have no bearing on the legend that is Jim Morrison . For instances
 This is an excellent biography of Jim Morrison . It is very readable -LRB- both in writing style and subject matter -RRB- and keeps you turning the page . Morrison does n't come over as the most likable guy at times , but you do get a real insight into his character and the things that influenced his writing and development . Highly recommended read.Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page .
 This is easily the best-written of the Morrison biographies . It 's much better than the absurdly amateurish and slipshod `` No One Here Gets Out Alive '' which , for reasons that must be due to some type of mass hypnosis , is considered a must-read on Morrison . Some Amazon reviewers have called Davis 's book `` NEGATIVE ! '' because Davis has reported Morrison 's astonishing and deeply tragic alcoholism , drug use and loutish , often assaultive behavior . Frankly , if all this were left out , we 'd have huge gaps in Morrison 's story . That 's the unvarnished truth . We 'd have no idea why he was arrested eleven times -LRB- should that be left out , too ? -RRB- , why the Doors were unable to go on lengthy tours , why so many Doors ' concerts either ended up in near-riots , were canceled , cut short , or were so poorly performed that their fans -LRB- and the other Doors -RRB- were disappointed and disgusted . We would n't know what formed the basis for Morrison 's increasing estrangement from the other band members and why the quality of their output became increasingly sub-par -LRB- with notable exceptions , of course -RRB- . This is not negativity . It 's telling it like it was . Anything less would be a censored , Disney-fied version . Davis does n't dwell on these episodes any more than he needs to . Charges of repetition overlook the car-wreck-fascination of these anecdotes and their essentialness in explaining the band 's disintegration and Morrison 's emotional and physical collapse.I 'm not sure if we 'll ever have a truly definitive account of Jim Morrison and the Doors that will satisfy most readers -LRB- especially since Manzarek and Densmore are vying to be the official chronicler of the band 's history -RRB- . In the meantime , Stephen Davis 's compellingly readable and polished account deserves a better rating than it 's received from so many carping and griping reviewers.If you 're looking for a mature account of Jim Morrison , this is your best place to start.As a footnote , the previous Amazon reviewer prepared an itemized list of `` errors '' that Stephen Davis has allegedly made . First of all , the likely reason why Davis did not provide Ray Manzarek 's reasons behind the adoption of The Doors as the band 's name was because that would have verged on plagiarism -LRB- a sophisticated reviewer would know this -RRB- . Of course , a concise paraphrase addressing this topic would have passed muster and Davis probably should have done that . But one can not just lift material en masse in the way the reviewer seems to expect . As for all the other `` factual '' discrepancies -LRB- is a boot really worth that much analysis ? -RRB- , if you 've ever read more than one book on a subject -LRB- e.g. , the Beatles , James Dean , Elvis , Frank Sinatra , etc. -RRB- , it 's irritatingly usual for some basic details to conflict . Sometimes , it 's the author 's fault -LRB- and then criticism is valid -RRB- but sometimes there is more than one version -LRB- Davis did some research , too , and also has a bibliography -RRB- . It 's possible for three members of a group to have three differing versions of the same event . But it is sloppy writing on Davis 's part to report , as he does , on Morrison 's connection with the Warhol crowd in NYC and then state that Warhol was shot `` days '' after Bobby Kennedy when , in fact , Warhol was shot the day before RFK was assassinated . This is indicative of someone who has not done his due diligence and it makes one wonder what else Mr. Davis has not taken the time to verify or corroborate . Also , Morrison visited the site of James Dean 's crash -LRB- over a decade later -RRB- and was feeling a connection with the dead legend until he was told that Dean actually `` died at a hospital several hours '' after the crash . If this is what Morrison was led to believe , then it 's valid to report . But a meticulous , scrupulously informed author would be aware that Morrison was misinformed , that Dean did , in fact , die at the scene of the crash , and would note this in the text .
 I have read six other biographies about The Doors , Morrison and his girlfriend . What struck me was the authenticity of Stephen Davis 's account . A few stories are off kilter but the meaning and outcome are the same . He was n't afraid to call it the way it was . I felt a few if not other authors held back . He told how generous and kind Jim could be and the extent of cruelty he was capable of spewing on the people he cared for . My one question is
 This is the first book about Jim Morrison that I have read . I chose it because , due to its publication year of 2004 , I figured I would cut to the chase and avoid the myths , deceptions , and outright lies that are said to be in earlier biographies of Morrison . -LRB- What led me to pick up the book in the first place was hearing the wonderful 40th anniversary remixed CD . I wanted to learn more about Morrison and how this fabulous Doors music was created . I learned much more through this book . -RRB- I could not put the book down and found myself impressed with Davis 's interview subjects , his lack of Morrison baby pictures and other family memorabilia -LRB- probably due to the non-cooperation of Morrison 's family members , including his much-absent father , who was still alive at the time of publication -RRB- , and a desire to paint all sides of Jim , the visionary vs. the jerk , the scholar vs. the rebel , and so on . I even wrote to Davis to thank him for writing it . What I am left with at the end of Davis 's book is a deep anger at Admiral Morrison for writing a critical , non-supportive letter to Jim , after Jim wrote to tell his father about the forming of the Doors , with Jim as lead singer . The admiral wrote back and said that Jim had no talent in this area and was wasting time in not finding a real job . Also , Jim 's mother , when Jim told her about a sexual abuse incident made against him by a man -LRB- `` someone close to the family , '' said a tearful Jim to Doors attorney Max Fink , years later -RRB- , denied that such abuse could have happened and told Jim not to mention it again . No wonder Jim did not have any contact with his parents from the time of his leaving home until his death in Paris seven years later . Where is the love that Jim needed ? Not coming from his parents , apparently . I am struck by the juxtaposition of joy and thrills -LRB- making music and writing poetry -RRB- and Jim 's lack of a sense of belonging , a sense of having no home or emotional security . The book is stark in its truth telling , and I highly recommend it .
 Yeah , the one stars kind of confuse me ... it looks like it averages to 3 stars , but I gave 4 so I guess that 's done and done . This book is filled with different stories then other books I read . It kind of makes Jim out to be RAD -LRB- Reactive Attachment Disorder -RRB- which would make a lot of sense . Between his dad being gone when he was young and his mom having to take care of him , but a single mother not use a babysitter would be unheard of , but can be more damaging . So Stephen talks about his early life and things he did , yadda , yadda , yadda , then we get to the rock star/poet/wild child . He makes some great points ... then leads to his death -LRB- c'mon we all saw that coming -RRB- with interesting Hypothesis . reading other several books leads me to put IMO -LRB- In My Opinion -RRB- that Jim died of congestive heart failure . Basically what Corey Haim/Bernie mac suffered from . It was a great read . I was caught in the story and I read the whole thing . But I was upset when Stephen wants to recreate this DOOR 's theme that he seems to make up in his mind . I do approve this book ... much better and more accurate then that Stones movie with Val Kilmer . In fact you should compare the 2 and you will see a lot of differences . It 's worth it to read it . But this book has been around a while .
 Unlike the other reviewers , I liked this book . I have read many biographies about Jim , and in this one I learned a few things that I had not read -LRB- or heard -RRB- before . Of course there were a lot of rehashed stories , but to only include previously unknown facts would turn the book into a pamphlet . The author stated which stories were substantiated and which were not . It 's too bad the Doors ' lawyer Max Fink did n't write a book . That man knew a lot about Jim .
 The book starts out with his early years in Florida as he lived with his grandparents until the age of three . Then desribes his life in high school and college at FSU then UCLA with lots of detail and stories . Tells how the band members formed and how he met Pamela . Discusses his homosexual experiences that he supposedly had . It is loaded with stories of him in the band all the times he got drunk and passed out and got in trouble . There are so many details in this book about his life it even mentions how he showed up drunk to fill out paperwork for the military draft and he told them he had homosexual desires . After reading this book you will get a great feel of who Jim Morrison was . I read another book by Ray Manzerek and this book blows his away .
 While I have to agree that Stephen Davis does seem to focus on the negative side of Jim I would have to say that Jim 's negative side is what comes out the strongest when looking back into history . This book did a VERY good job explaining his childhood and how that developed him into the amazing man he would become . I am especially interested in that because I am 15 years old . I disagree with those who say this book was n't researched , because the author gives a long list of books used while writing it . This book really clears up most of the mystery surrounding Jim and his tragic death so that now there is not very much doubt in my mind as to how Jim died . He wasnt murdered , it was n't suicide . Overall this is a good book about Jim 's amazing life and how he lived it .
 As the lead singer of the Doors , Jim Morrison 's searing poetic vision and voracious appetite for sexual , spiritual , and psychedelic experience inflamed the spirit and psyche of a generation . Since his mysterious death in 1971 , millions more fans from a new generation have embraced his legacy , as layers of myth have gathered to enshroud the life , career , and true character of the man who was James Douglas Morrison .
 This is the best book I had read about Jim Morrison , is very interesting , it talks about his entire life , and the most sad his death , but anyways if you are a Jim Morrison fan , buy it ; you will like it , it takes you inside the book like if you are there with the singer by his side , I own a mini collection about The Doors , and this is a good book to add to your collection if you do n't have one , start with this book !!!
 Jim Morrison understood the power of mythmaking and history , he was an avid fan of Alexander The Great -LRB- Morrison copied Alexander 's tilted head stance and hair style -RRB- and it is fascinating how Morrrison has essentially ended-up like a rock n ' roll version of Alexander . His myth grows bigger and bigger with the passsage of time , his influence on popular culture is always evident , especially in music , always in music . And like Alexander , Morrison is now buried under a pile of could be true or false , he has become lost in a haze of legend and fact . As a result books are always written about the guy , so many that now the harder task is n't actually finding a book on Morrison and The Doors , but finding a book worthy of one 's time . Stephen Davis , well-known for his epic Led Zeppelin bio `` Hammer Of The Gods , '' takes on the Morrison story here in `` Jim Morrison
 I knew next to nothing about Jim Morrison and the Doors before reading this book , but I found this to be a detailed and comprehensive source . At first I thought , Davis was writing a fluff piece on his idol , but he quickly dispells this image by diving straight into Morisson 's drug use , violent behavior , and selfish antics . However , Davis is always reminding the reader of Morrison 's love of books , poetry , and philosophy , and how he incorporated these into his song writing.Davis focusses mainly on the years of the Doors , and describes in detail most of their major concerts from the first LA club shows to the large-scale arenas . Although , `` death '' and `` legend '' are in the subtitle , these 2 issues are only a small portion of the book .
 This book is so well written . It really gives a lot of insight to Jim Morrison 's life . I have learned so much about him , things I would never have thought of . I think everyone who is a fan of the Doors and of the Rock Movement should really read this book . I have told everyone I know about the book and all my friends are taking turns reading it , and so far its also a HUGE hit with everyone I know . If you want to know about Jim , and all the different sides of him , you really do need to read this book !
 i could not put this book down ... i also have a thing for the doors and jim morrison ... what an incredible person . . this book takes you through his life with detail . loved it
 I was ` nt aware of this biography until it sort of jumbed in my lab during a trip around on Amazon , and that for a mere 0,95 cents for a mint hardback copy , so what else was there to do than buy it ? It 's been many years since I read `` No One Gets Out of Here Alive '' , so I felt like I needed some catching up on the Doors/Morrison history . The big question asked , is if this biography gets under Morrisons skin or not ? Who is to tell ? Did ANYBODY ever got in under his skin ? I seriously doubt it . However , Stephen Davis has done a really good job describing the day-to-day struggle of a band who 's front man obvious from early on was on his way to hit rock bottom . Now , writing a biography is more or less an editing process of other peoples material and that 's what this book is mostly about , but then again a pretty good editing job ! There are quite a few errors -LRB- like claiming Jim suggested the name Steppenwolf to John Kay 's band Sparrow , when we all know that their producer Gabriel Mekler came up with that idea -RRB- . Finally , never ever write a biograhy without an index . It 's a major crime against us amateur rock archeologists who so much depends on an extensive index .
 Even though I 'd forgotten most of what I read about Jim Morrison in the early 1990s , it all came back to me in the middle of Stephen Davis 's not quite the biography-to-end-all-biographies . What I remembered is that stories about Jim Morrison 's life after 1968 devolve into an endless parade of ruined concerts and alcoholic fogs . As a reader , one needs a metaphorical iron stomach to make it all the way from Venice Beach in 1965 to that bathtub in Paris to July 3 , 1971 . A lot of the anecdotes Davis related were familiar to me from the tabloid quality `` No-one Here Gets Out Alive '' , or from the Tolstoy-length `` Break On Through '' . The editing is suspect , as in `` Break On Through ''
 ... would have to be my favorite section of this exhaustive and telling memoir . Jim Morrison 's long , slow slide into depression , hopeless alcoholism and his inevitable death is one of the most heartbreaking stories I 've ever read . The details of his final hours , his violent illness in the early morning of July 3 , 1971 , his final call of . . `` Pam , are you there ? '' and his body being found in a tub of bloody water -LRB- smiling -RRB- and his eventual burial in Pere ' Lachaise with only a handful of people present is so poignant it actually makes me wonder what was going through his mind during his last days . While author Davis over-analyzes The Doors live performances and the social , political atmosphere of the times , his narrative style is clear , concise and always engaging , this is a brisk read for a volume nearly 500 pages in length . A Fascinating Book about A Fascinating and Misunderstood Young Man . Highly Recommended .
 Stephen Davis ' `` Jim Morrison
 This book adds more info to Hopkins ' and Sugerman 's other Jim bio `` No One Here Gets Out Alive '' but I am not sure whether to believe them or not . Such `` details '' would include Jim 's bisexuality , some of which are included in the most asinine places like at a concert -LRB- Jim stared at a handsome man -RRB- and the author 's writings seem to be that of a high school student level , but maybe it 's better than intellect mumbo jumbo . And I 'm not sure if it 's THE definitive Jim Morrison biography since it reads like it was taken from Oliver Stone 's movie , but Jim 's last hours offered a better picture instead of how it was shortly depicted in `` No One Here Gets Out Alive '' -LRB- which also ended suggesting that the Lizard King may have faked his own death -RRB- . The extensive concert timelines may be too much , but it offers a bit more into the mind of Jim Morrison and how they went . But in my opinion , this book is a tad better than Hopkins/Sugerman 's collaboration . It delves deeper into Jim 's past explaining about his child abuse and offers a bit more info about his family members . It seems to perfectly paint a picture of the years the Doors were up and running -LRB- recording , performing , etc. -RRB- The book not only does that , but adds how the world developed during the Vietnam War era , from music to art to movies . The book also gives background into how the songs came to be as well as Jim 's poetry work . So much is here in this book that I ca n't list them all , but just a few highlights.I 'm still reading more into the life of Jim and the Doors , so I can not say for sure that this book is THE one , but it certainly helped answer a few questions -LRB- but also raised a few -RRB- , made Oliver Stone 's movie a bit more plausible , and also made Jim look more like a poet , a rock star , an artist , and an influencial icon rather than some drunk that people usually visualize him as .
 Jim Morrison was my favorite idol of all time , the Doors and inspiration for many of my era . His poetry was beautiful and he was well ahead of his time musically . Now after all these years comes the book many of us have been waiting on . What made jim Morrison do the things he did ... the book is clear and tells us about his past . thank you for this wonderful bookAlso recommended memoir 's are Nightmares Echo , Running With Scissors , Three Weeks With My Brother
 all my life i have been facinated with the life and death of jim morrison , reading this book has given me great detials about alot of situations in his life that could have influenced the way he acted . i defenetly suggest that you read this though with a warning , do not let this book influence your life . its a great read though quite thick , but once you get started you defenetly cant stop . Thanks guys
 A no-holds-barred , well-researched biography of Doors lead singer , Jim Morrison , which allows the reader to reach his own conclusions about whether Morrison was a wasted genius , a consumed alcoholic or a bit of both.Morrison would probably achieve the same level of success today despite changes in youth culture . Death and destruction will always be an in thing for the young .
 THE AUTHOR HAS SUCH AN INTERSTING WAY OF WRITING ... AND READING ABOUT JIM MORRISON 'S LIFE IS RIVETING . . YOU DO N'T WANT TO PUT THE BOOK DOWN !!!!!!!!!
 Stephen Davis ' biography on Jim Morrison provides more breath and depth of information than any other previous work on this 60 's icon.Anyone who followed Morrison then and now knows all to well that he was ahead of his time both in terms of songwriting and performing . Davis gives the reader , whether contemporaries of Morrison or retro admirers , an insight into Jim 's daily agony with his own destiny.This book makes you want to reach out and grab the collars of those around Jim Morrison and say , `` Why the hell did n't you help him , man ? or Were you just along for the ride on the coattails of his fame ? `` Davis ' book makes one angry that he 's gone . We lost such a vital talent before his time . Those around him could have/should have done more to help their `` friend . `` Jim Morrison and the Doors ' music is as alive and fresh today , even after so many re-plays , as when it was heard for the very first time.A must read for any listener of contemporary music or reader of man 's innate search of self and soul .
 There is a lot to like about this book , and several other reviewers have already touched on most . The heroine 's family history is rather delightful as she is descended from a long line of scalawags . She , Bathsheba , leads her life on the straight and narrow -LRB- well , she TRIES to ! -RRB- but her young daughter seems to have inherited the family flair for , ahem , scalawaggery . Watching the upstanding hero battle with his upstandingness as he falls head over heels for Bathsheba is just tremendously satisfying and a whole lot of fun . Enjoy !
 I did not really go into this book with any expectations . I enjoyed the opening chapters and was really disappointed when the book took a turn for the worst with the carrraige ride that would not end . It seemed to take up a third of the book.Though I generally like romance novels to end at the marraige or when the primary conflict between the couple has been resolved , I think this book left too many unanswered questions . How was Bathseheba received by society ? Was there ever a reconciliation with the first husband 's family ? Did she continue with her art ? Did Olivia and Peregrine grow up and fall in love ? Did Bathsheba ever have Benedict 's child ? I ask this because there was some question , in my mind , at least , whether the pregnancy would be successful . Bathesheba did tell Benedict that she had several miscarraiges with her first husband.Maybe Ms. Chase is saving Olivia and Peregrine for another book . I would really be interested in reading their story.One thing I liked about this book is that the writer made it clear that Bathesheba loved Jack , and that he was a loving father and husband . So unlike other romances featuring widows which usually characterize the first husabnd and having a major character flaw.After having written this , I am changing this to a four star review . I think the mark of a good book is that the reader is so invested that she wonders about the fate of the characters even after the story has ended , as was the case for me with this one .
 I just finished `` Lord Perfect '' and it was almost that - perfect . It was funny and sexy , the plot moves along quickly with great detail but not so much it bogged down the story . The secondary characters were funny and heart-warming . -LRB- Boy , am I glad I did n't give up on this author after reading a sub-par `` The Last Hellion '' . -RRB- Definitely one for the keeper shelf .
 I 've never read a novel by Ms. Chase that I did n't enjoy thoroughly and this book was no exception . The characters were well developed and the story was well-paced . As always , the dialoge was well-written , full of humour and wit , and very enjoyable to read . This book is definitely a keeper and will be reread often . I 'm anxiously looking forward to Ms. Chase 's next offering .
 This was one of the most charming books I have read in a long time . Well written , witty repartee , well defined characters and just plain fun ... You could really feel for Benedict and Batsheba , both products of their backgrounds and environment which interfered with their attraction to each other . You could chuckle at the interaction of Bathsheba 's daugher and Benedict 's nephew and their escapade which brought the hero and heroine together and eventually garnered respectablity for Batsheba - which she never thought - given her backgroud as one of the Dreadful Delaneys - she would have or even ever have a life in which she could be loved or to love again ... a definite keeper and a re-read .
 Lord Perfect is not the sort of book I would have expected from Loretta Chase . It 's veers toward the traditional , in its structure and its characters - my favorite thing about Chase is how unrepentantly unconventional most of her characters are . Well , not this time.Lord Perfect is well done , well written , well plotted , well paced . Though short , at only 300 pages . It has a real feel-good sort of ending and I was satisfied when I turned the last page.But something about Lord Perfect stuck in my craw . I think it 's all the self-sacrifice . Benedict is all about duty ; he 's more or less given up on any wants or desires of his own , and it does n't occur to him at any point in the book to make an exception to that rule . Bathsheba , for her part , is so resigned to her situation - as an outcast and object of derision for all who know her - that the only nice thing she can think to do for Benedict , who she cares about , is spare him the misery of her acquaintence.As the book progresses and Bathsheba and Benedict discover how well they get along , and how attracted they are to one another , the basic mode of self-sacrifice does n't change . Most of the major advances in the plot revolve around something that Bathsheba does to compassionately try to extricate Benedict from her life.The liveliest characters in the book are Olivia and Lisle , the niece and nephew that Benedict and Bathsheba are chasing . Those two little pre-teens are full of pluck and energy and derring-do . Which really forms a sad contrast to Benedict and Bathsheba , who have totally lost the will to fight for themselves .
 Widower Viscount Benedict `` Lord Perfect '' Carsington escorts his thirteen year old nephew Peregrine to Lord Belzoni 's tomb of antiquity where the young lord is drawing the displays . Twelve year old Olivia Wingate tells Peregrine his work stinks and that she will be a knight one day soon ; he tells her girls can not be knights so she dislodges him from his seat . Her mom , widow Bathsheba Wingate and Benedict calm things down.Peregrine 's grandfather Lord Hargate informs the lad he needs a drawing master . Peregrine mentions that Mrs. Wingate is one ; Hargate says she is a scandalous woman who destroyed her late husband , but her work is brilliant ; he hires her.Olivia sends secret notes to Peregrine informing him that she will look for her ancestor 's hidden treasure so that her mom can be treated like the lady she is . Peregrine secretly meets Olivia at the British Museum where she informs him she is going on her treasure hunt . He fears for her safety so he leaves with her . Benedict realizes he is missing , finds their letters , and concludes that Peregrine has run off with Olivia . He informs Bathsheba and they agree to catch the two youngsters before they get into trouble or cause a scandal . As the adults follow , they fall in love . However , the Ton thinks she is a slut so a relationship is impossible between LORD PERFECT and MISS WONDERFUL.LORD PERFECT stars a fine lead couple whose relationship beyond attraction slowly grows once the chase begins . The solid support cast especially her sly daughter and his intelligent caring nephew add depth to the delightful on the road story line . Loretta Chase provides a fabulous character rich Regency romance that sub-genre fans will appreciate.Harriet Klausner
 I 'm not sure ` Lord Perfect ' was in fact a perfect hero , but the book was very entertaining . I laughed out loud in several places . Lovely to have discovered Chase . I thought I 'd read all the more interesting authors in this genre .
 Lord Perfect is PERFECT !! Thoroughly enjoyed this book . In fact , I 've enjoyed ALL of Loretta Chase 's books and ca n't wait until her next one is released . I 'm keeping my fingers crossed that Ms. Chase will follow up this book with a love story between Olivia and Peregrine ; it 's inevitable .
 `` Lord Perfect '' is a wonderful example of why Loretta Chase is considered to be one of the top writers of historical romance today . Set in England during the Regency period , the story has a plot that is not particularly ground-breaking -- a seemingly mismatched couple go on a road trip together and end up falling in love , yet Chase 's characters are so well-drawn and her dialogue so fresh and witty that her material never feels tired or cliched . The * characters * are the real story in this book , and I found them all to be * very * engaging.The hero of the story is Benedict Carsington , Lord Rathbourne , the eldest of the Earl of Hargate 's many sons and an acknowledged paragon in terms of looks , manners and behavior . A widower for several years , Benedict is considered by society to be * perfect * -- a consummate aristocrat who never shows his emotions , never makes a scene and lives by his own set of `` rules '' of socially correct behavior . Into Benedict 's well-ordered but emotionally barren life bursts Bathsheba DeLucey Wingate , a stunningly beautiful widow who has the misfortune of being born into the disreputable branch of the DeLucey family that reportedly descended from a pirate . Every one of the so-called `` Dreadful DeLuceys '' has been a swindler , cheat or gamester and their infamous exploits and status as social pariahs led Bathsheba 's late husband 's noble family to disinherit him upon his marriage to her . Now a widow with a * very * high-spirited young daughter to manage , Bathsheba has come to London in an attempt to secure her daughter 's education and future . Although sparks fly when Bathsheba and Benedict first meet , both realize that a relationship between the two of them would be a potential scandal that could ruin Benedict and shred the scant remains of Bathsheba 's reputation . The couple 's good intentions to avoid one another are sabotaged by fate when Olivia , Bathsheba 's head-strong daughter -LRB- who has more that a touch of the devious DeLucey blood in her -RRB- , and Benedict 's young nephew , Peregrine , set off on a quest to discover the fabled DeLucey pirate treasure . Benedict and Bathsheba are thrown together during their pursuit of the children and find their mutual admiration and attraction growing even stronger.Benedict and Bathsheba are wonderful characters -- intelligent , attractive and sympathetic . Their attraction and developing love for each other seems very believable . The secondary characters in this story are also wonderfully well-rounded and entertaining , particularly the children but also Bathsheba and Benedict 's other relatives . The prose is bright and clean , the dialogue sparkling with wit and the plot moves along well.In summary , this is a very entertaining Regency period romance with a charming hero and heroine and extraordinarily witty dialogue.Highly recommended , particularly for those readers who enjoy well-written , character-driven romance .
 After reading the only four reviews that were up before I bought the book I was worried that I was going to have a disappointing read . -LRB- Recently I have read a couple of bombs from writers whose new books I had eagerly anticipated . I think authors are being pushed to write too fast . -RRB- Anyway , while it might not be my favorite Chase book it still contains the droll humor that have been more and more making her books a treat to read . If you like Chase 's unique style and characterizations you will like this book from the first few pages . The eldest Carsington son 's story might not be as madcap and exotic as his brother Rupert 's Egyptian saga but it is still an adventure not to be missed ! Chase writes with a witty style and wry intelligence lacking in so many other romances . I only wish there were several more brothers in this family .
 Unlike a few of the previous reviewers , I was not surprised that `` Lord Perfect '' seemed to read more like a traditional Regency-era romance novel , because for me , except for the parts where Rathbourne and Bathsheba succumb to the attraction that they have for each other , `` Lord Perfect '' reminded me quite a bit of Loretta Chase 's earlier works like `` Isabella '' & `` The Sandalwood Princess . '' Witty , humourous and with brilliant and detailed character portrayals plus a well thought out and executed plot -LRB- even if it is an often used one -RRB- `` Lord Perfect '' was a wonderfully entertaining and satisfying read from start to finish , and one I 'd recommend for anyone looking for an amusing and romantic read.All her life Bathsheba Wingate has had people look at her askance because of her scandalous family . Currently a young widow with a young daugher to provide for , the last thing Bathsheba expected was to find herself deeply and hopelessly attracted to Benedict Carsington , Viscount Rathbourne , otherwise known as Lord Perfect . So that when an unexpected turn of events forces both Rathbourne and herself into a road trip together , Bathsheba knows better than to expect a happily ever-after ending -- even if the attractive and completely taking Viscount Rathbourne sees things otherwise ... `` Lord Perfect '' third novel dealing with the Carsington siblings -LRB- the other two are `` Miss Wonderful '' and `` Mr. Impossible '' -RRB- fits in perfectly with the other two books in the series . Humourous and witty -LRB- the dialogue in this book is priceless -RRB- , I kept chuckling out aloud as I read the novel . Also well done was the character portrayals -- how Ms Chase portrayed the two children -LRB- Olivia and Peregrine -- though it would have been more satisfying to have seen more of Peregrine 's sensible influence on Olivia -RRB- , and especially how she gradually brought out the more impulsive side of the staid , sensible Rathbourne to the fore . I thought that the romance angle was well handled and that the novel unfolded at a smooth and steady pace . The only thing that jarred , I felt was Rathbourne 's father 's sudden turnabout
 Okay I have to write a review because unlike most of you I think this book deserves 5 stars . It helps to have read the first two books in this series dealing with the sons of Lord Hargate and his attempts to get them wed , especially the predecessor Mr. Impossible . In that book you get to know Hargate 's eldest son and heir , Benedict , who is so in control of his emotions that a blink conveys great emotion . And you begin to suspect that mother and dad are orchestrating the choices.Granted the book uses some often written plot elements but it is how the writer uses those themes that matter , and Loretta Chase does it beautifully . The most used themes are turned upside down in this one . The hero is no rake , lovable or not , and the heroine , while notorious , was ` ruined ' by a many times great-grandfather who turned pirate back in the 16th century . Widowed and with a daughter , ` the most notorious woman in England ' returns to London to salvage not her own reputation but that of her young daughter , who as it happens is more like that long ago pirate than her own mother.I beg to differ with one reviewer who said Lord Hargate made too abrupt a change from opposing to supporting the marriage of his son to the widow . For Benedict and all who paid attention know exactly when and why he changed his mind.Benedict and Bathsheba - love that name by the way - are both honorable people who try to do what 's best for their family members , falling in love in spite of themselves . And the plot ending - oh the ending - is clever and satisfying . Add to that wonderful dialog , gentle humor and likeable supporting characters and you have a delightful read .
 If you like droll , dry humor , you will love this book , as I did . If you laugh at `` While he tied her petticoat , she swallowed and said , ' I daresay proper ladies do not unbutton gentlemen 's trousers . ' ` They do not do that , ' he said as he tugged her frock straight , ` nearly so often as one could wish , ' '' then this is the book for you . Bathsheba and Bendict both know that they can not marry , and she , especially , does everything in her power to break off with him , but he realizes her motives , so we do n't have any cringe-inducting scenes of misunderstanding , jealousy , or accusation . `` Lord Perfect '' 's heroine matches the hero 's intelligence , dedication to family , self-sacrifice , and most of all , love . I normally dislike the presence of children in romances ; they are either obnoxiously mature and sexually aware or they are just impediment ; the two kids in this book did make me laugh out loud . I did not expect the resolution to Benedict and Bathsheba 's problem , a solution that made me laugh -- again ! If you love a romance that makes you laugh , fall in love with the hero , admire the heroine , and sigh over the romance , `` Lord Perfect '' is a perfect book .
 I wo n't recap the plot . I 'll just tell you why I enjoyed this book so much.First of all , I LOVED the characters , especially Bathsheba . I appreciated the fact that she was n't a schoolroom virgin -LRB- that stereotype gets old after a while -RRB- . She was an experienced woman of `` two and thirty '' , and I felt her feelings and insecurities were believable for someone in her situation . Chase could have easily made her too proud and , in my opinion irritating . Instead Bathsheba was human and endearing . You just ca n't help but love her and cheer her on.Benedict and Bathsheba 's relationship was exciting to watch unfold . There was n't too much conflict , but I never felt cheated . Their interaction and banter was wonderfully written with lots of wit , humor and chemistry . I LOVE the part when he accidentally walks in on her -LRB- it was so hot -RRB- . I found myself laughing and smiling and re-reading pages because I was n't ready too move on -LRB- which is RARE for me -RRB- . I hate it when writers include `` filler '' dialogue or scenes . I never felt that while reading Lord Perfect . The story was quick and to the point , but well-told . This was my first Loretta Chase book and I am anxious to start another . Definitely a keeper .
 Loretta Chase 's wonderfully dry sense of humor is clearly at work in this sweet and funny tale of a second chance at happiness . Benedict Carsington , Viscount Rathbourne , has been a widower for two years , following a rather indifferent marriage . He is an outstanding member of society , polite , responsible , philanthropic , self-controlled , and the heir to an earldom . In other words , he has a life that is perfect by society 's standards - only it is rather joyless . This orderly if somewhat oppressive existence is turned on its ear when he meets the beguiling widow Bathsheba Wingate and her wily 12-year-old daughter , Olivia . Bathsheba recently arrived in London after many years of impoverished exile in Ireland with her late husband , Jack Wingate . Jack , an earl 's son , was disinherited by his family and became a social outcast following his marriage to Bathsheba fifteen years earlier . This was because Bathsheba 's family , the `` dreadful '' DeLuceys , were social pariahs who had a reputation for fraud , scandal , and even piracy . Although an honorable young woman , the beautiful Bathsheba was tainted by her family 's reputation , and was labeled an evil temptress for causing her husband 's ruin . Jack was labeled a fool . In reality , their marriage was a love match and , though poor , they were happy until Jack 's death three years earlier.Bathsheba , a talented artist , is barely making ends meet giving drawing lessons , when she happens upon Benedict and his 13-year-old nephew Peregrine at a London museum . Benedict and Bathsheba are immediately attracted to one another - although they do not act upon it - and soon Benedict has arranged for Peregrine to take drawing lessons from the beautiful widow . Benedict knows that his family would not approve of a connection to the infamous Bathsheba , so the lessons are done secretly , and against his better judgment , though for the life of him Benedict can not explain why he doing this . He also thinks constantly about the Bathsheba while ignoring his regular duties , and keeps finding reasons to accidentally bump into her . This is completely out of character for Benedict , who is such a model of moderation and social correctness . Things come to a head when Olivia and Peregrine run away to the country on a quest to find buried treasure supposedly left by a pirate ancestor of the DeLuceys . Benedict and Bathsheba embark on a frantic road trip in search of their wayward relatives , but soon the conflicted couple are themselves acting in a wayward fashion , though an amorous one . Benedict knows it is social suicide for him to be entangled with Bathsheba , and kind-hearted Bathsheba does not want to be the cause of his ruin , but the attraction is acute and undeniable . How is this impossible romance ever to work out and , by the way , where are the children?I greatly enjoyed the clever and tender banter between this quick-witted and well-matched couple . Benedict and Bathsheba have such a clear understanding of and affection for each other , almost from the start , that it is easy to believe in their destiny . This type of storyline is one of my favorites - where the couple realizes early on that they 're perfect for one another , but there is an outside force - in this case , their utter rejection by polite society - that prevents them from remaining together . There were many well-written teary moments when this reader dreaded their breakup as much as the couple did . As always , Ms. Chase 's humor is delightful . Her character 's outrageous musings , their deadpan reaction to alarming situations , their frequent use of self-effacing humor , the hilarious letters written by Olivia - all add to the enjoyment of the story . I definitely recommend this book , and also the previous one in the series , `` Mr.Impossible . ''
 In my romances , I 'm looking for a sweet , fairy-tale romance , usually with a young girl discovering love for the 1st time . Even with that bias , I ended up loving `` Lord Perfect . '' Both of the main characters have already had experiences with love . While expected for the hero , a heroine 's previous love interest usually ends up jading her or making the current love story not as good because the reader may not feel convinced that the heroine 's new love is equal to the past love . Even with these misgivings , I gave this book a try on the strength of Ms. Chase 's previous novel , `` Captives of the Night . '' I 'm so glad that I did . It 's a perfect pairing of people with similar nobility of character such that they are both willing to sacrifice their happiness for the `` greater '' good . Their past hurts made them ready to find love together . Also , part of why I enjoyed the book may be because I loved the hero ... the strong , quiet , proper type who just needs someone to loosen him up a bit . But really , it was the heroine , in the end , that I really admired . Very much recommended !
 You like clever heroines ? Here 's one . You like dashing , reserved heroes who slowly crack out of their austere facade ? Oh , here 's one . You do n't mind when the secondary characters are tweens who believably cause the leads to go on a rambunctious chase across the countryside ? Well , then , why have you not already read this book?Benedict Carsington is not as perfect as he seems , yet perfect for Bathsheeba Wingate -LRB- how none of the characters in this book bother to make a comment about her biblical name baffles me -RRB- . Without giving away the plot , suffice it to say that these two just ca n't stop falling all over one another , in a nicely subtle -LRB- but not boring or slow -RRB- build of sexual and plot tension.I think that `` Mr. Impossible '' is my favorite of this series , but really , all of Loretta Chase 's books about the Carsingtons are excellent - funny , even-handed , sexy , with a bit of adventure and some plausible-but-not-distracting mystery . If she decided to adapt a Victorian phonebook -LRB- as it were -RRB- , I would read it .
 This is great Chase ... witty , fast paced , with charming characters . I wo n't recount the plot summary here becuase you see it in other places . I will say that while I 'm often annoyed by unrealistic plots about divides of social standing when people are , to all intents in purposes , from the same class even if one person is n't good `` ton '' , I found myself believing that their class divisions were problematic . The resolution was , perhaps , contrived , but I also get tired of parents who are so pointleslly draconian in romance novels . This is a treat . Since I bought it as an e-book , I might even end up investing in the paperback . This is a keeper .
 I 'm delighted to discover this author as I 've read all the books if my favorites . This was very entertaining and I 'm looking forward to more great reads by Loretta Chase .
 Great book ! Well written and a good story line . This is a great author and I 've enjoyed everything I 've read by her .
 This is the third book in the Carsinton series . I have enjoyed each and every one . I must admit that although the adults were fun , the children made the book better . After you read this , I highly recommend &#34; Last Night 's Scandal &#34; .
 She did it again ! What a page turner this was . The characters came to life and made you fall in love with them !
 I enjoyed it tremendously . Out of the first three in the series this was my favorite . I think it 's an individual thing . Each brother in the Carsington family of course has to be a bit different . I was kind of surprised we went from the third brother to the first brother in the series but not at all dismayed . I loved the plot and the setting . The characters were really fun . Bathsheba is quite a character tho ' trying not to live up to the family name . The ending is quite funny . That scheming Lord Hargate is turning out to be quite the guy . The scheming daughter and the precocious nephew are quite the team . I loved how this played out and the care and concern you can see between the uncle and nephew . -LRB- I ignore the sexual parts . Thankfully not overly graphic but a number of them in each novel . -RRB-
 The entire Carsington series is excellent , but I consider this the best of the bunch -- and perhaps my favorite historical romance of all -LRB- and I 've read A LOT -RRB- . It is such a satisfying book -- I know this because I keep rereading it , and I love it every time . It has rare depth of genuine humor -- I would mention in particular the scenes with the Olivia and Peregrine ; Olivia 's letters alone are a tour de force . But more than that the book is also deeply touching . The forces that keep this couple apart are for once utterly believable -- not the usual melange of ludicrous misunderstandings or absurd contrivances -- so that their love feels a bit like a miracle in the end .
 I 'm still in love perfect . just reread it and am amazed at how great Ms. Chase is at creating likable characters , good plots and having it be funny ! ca n't go wrong with loretta
 With the help of the internet and other reviewers , I have discovered Loretta Chase for myself and been enthralled . This novel is a beautiful example of the pace , humor , romance and strength of character development for which I love this author . Like many of some of her other works , there is a fatal flaw , even - perhaps moreso - for `` Lord Perfect '' , and a melting of defenses that entrances , and really motivates you to devour every word . The hero and heroine are well matched on a number of levels , and the melting of defenses is a slow , gradual burn that is something to relish . Yes , you know and hope for the destiny that 's evident from the first pages , but the journey is intensely interesting . That strange attractor that ultimately brings order to the chaos - or chaos to the order perhaps - weaves artfully throughout this book . If you are looking for a read that will help validate the best in us , while making you smile , laugh and silently swoon , this novel lives up to Loretta Chases 's reputation . Read it !
 Rich , powerful , conscientious , proper ... perfect ... Benedict Carsington , Viscount Rathbourne knows best , and when his young nephew meets a girl at the exhibit of Egyptian artifacts who tells him his drawings are bad , Rathbourne knows he 'll hire the girls mother , the beautiful , talented but socially spurned Bathsheba Wingate . Bathsheba is from the notorious branch of the DeLucey family , so Rathbourne knows he should steer clear of the blue-eyed beauty who so intrigues him ... and he manages himself as perfectly as always , that is , until Bathseba 's daughter decides to sneak away to the ancestral estates near Bristol and Rathbourne 's nephew goes with her in an attempt to stop her or at least keep her from traveling alone and Rathbourne finds himself going after them in a curricle along with the alluring Bathsheba.Can Lord Perfect go against his unblemished reputation and follow his heart to a scandalous alliance ? Or has all his responsibilities become too ingrained for true happiness?This was a lovely little romance that was a moving and enjoyable read .
 STORY BRIEF : Bathsheba is a widow with daughter Olivia . Benedict is a widower with his nephew Peregrine visiting him . Olivia and Peregrine meet at a museum and later run off on an adventure together . Bathsheba and Benedict join forces to follow and find them.DATA : Sexual language
 Loretta Chase has written the best Regency I 've ever read , Mr. Impossible . Lord Perfect is another book in that series , and is almost as good . If you like books with believable , interesting characters , strong women , humor , you 'll like this one.Not all Chase 's books are successful , in my opinion , but the ones she does well , she does very , very well .
 Very cleverly written this installment of the brothers series brings back the clever wit of Rupert ` s story but in an English setting . I loved the twists and turns of the story and the adventure both the children and adults encountered . I will forever love Mr. Impossible the most but Lord Perfect is certainly in the running !
 This is the third book in a quartet of Georgian romances in which each book is better than the one before.The first book in the series , `` Miss Wonderful -LRB- Carsington Quartet 1 -RRB- '' is a better than average regency romance.The second , `` Mr Impossible -LRB- Carsington Quartet 2 -RRB- '' set in Egypt just after the end of the Regency period , is a highly entertaining romp which is a bit like a version of the filmThe Mummy -LSB- DVD -RSB- -LSB- 1999 -RSB- set a hundred years earlier and with the supernatural bad guys replaced by mortal but evil and dangerous gangs of tomb raiders.The third and fourth volumes , this book `` Lord Perfect '' and `` Not Quite a Lady , '' are very funny and intensely moving respectively.There is also a follow-up novel set a few years later , Last Night 's Scandal , in which the hero and heroine are the children from this book , now grown up . `` Last Night 's Scandal '' is even more hysterically funny than `` Lord Perfect '' but you will get most out of it if you read this one first.Lord Hargate , a distinguished politician , had five sons , which we are told was `` three more than he needed '' . The first two were sensible and responsible and soon married and settled down . The younger three , while good hearted , brave and handsome , had a tendancy to `` tumble into trouble with depressing regularity '' at great expense to their parents , and as each approached the age of 30 , Lord Hargate put increasing pressure on them to marry the right woman . Sons three -LRB- Alistair -RRB- and four -LRB- Rupert -RRB- did eventually find appropriate matches in the first two books of the series . As we reached the conclusion of `` Mr Impossible '' the reader might have been about to share the assumption of Lord and Lady Hargate 's eldest son Benedict that they can now turn their attention to the fifth and last remaining batchelor , Darius.However , the first hint that the fifth son will have to wait until the fourth book comes in the last three lines of `` Mr Impossible as the eldest son takes his leave of his parents and they stand looking after him . `` Not Darius , I think '' said Lady Hargate . `` No '' said her husband , `` Not Darius . `` Benedict , who as Lord Hargate 's eldest son and heir has the courtesy title of Viscount Rathbourne -LRB- or Lord Rathbourne -RRB- , has tried so hard to please his demanding father , and been so well behaved that he has acquired the nickname of Lord Perfect . He is very wrapped up in parliamentary work and charitable activities.Holders of courtesy titles very rarely sit in the Lords , but they could and sometimes did get elected to the House of Commons . Although the book does not say so in so many words , certain passages make most sense if you assume that Benedict is an MP.Lord Rathbourne is a widower , and at the start of the book he has a boy in tow , but the lad is Lord Lisle , his nephew . Lisle , is an honest and clever young man whose very strengths make him extremely difficult to deal with
 Some parts of Lord Perfect really grabbed me , deftly and powerfully engaging thoughts and emotions - the hero 's nephew , the heroine 's daughter , their `` Grand Quest , '' the hero Benedict Carsington , even the hero 's father . I loved them all . The only drawback of the book is the heroine - Bathsheba DeLucey is an outcast from society as one of the Dreadful DeLuceys . The problem is she does n't live up to her reputation at all , making her character disingenuous , contradictory , and generally just fuzzy . She starts out as someone who 's reacted to her scandalous family history by going in the opposite direction and trying to be as respectable and straight laced as possible , and trying to raise her daughter above their lowly present station as well . Which is understandable , but her later martyr tendencies really got on my nerves - and she did n't have nearly as much depth or development as Benedict , who , on the other hand , lives up to the title . An awesome , wonderfully romantic hero - a man for whom control and rules are everything . It 's when these rules and his control start to disintegrate that things get interesting.In comparison , Bathsheba falls very flat . But really I liked the rest of the book so much that this flaw , while by no means minor , did n't bother me too much . And Olivia , Bathsheba 's daughter , and Peregrine , Benedict 's nephew , steal the show during their parts of the book . They conspire to run away in search of buried treasure - well , really it 's Olivia 's idea and Peregrine , in his efforts to dissuade her , gets dragged along and , before he knows what 's happened , he 's as invested in the quest as she is . Generally , I find precocious children aggravating in these books , and I can see how they would be obnoxious here , but there was something about Olivia and Peregrine and their noble Quest that struck a chord for me . When Benedict and Bathsheba discover the children have gone missing , they must of course set out in pursuit . Benedict , much like his nephew , gets caught up in an adventure that has him losing control , breaking rules , coming back to life , and coming to terms with a newly realigned perspective on things . Lord Perfect certainly is n't a perfect romance , but it manages to chart a moving journey , nonetheless . I laughed a lot , teared up a bit , and was happy and entertained reading it , so that earns it a passing grade from me .
 In each family of scapegrace siblings and/or feckless parents , there is always one child who feels so embarrassed by them , that they feel that it is their responsibility to bring sanity into the chaos ; one who tries to lend honor and duty to the family name.He or she will grow up the be `` the mature , sensible one '' ; either witty enough to defuse outrage and ease upsetting situations , or so overpoweringly useful to society that they make their family fools fade into the background hum of life.When two such persons become caught up in a chase to save a daughter and a nephew from whatever might befall them on a dangerfraught road , Loretta Chase 's clever book `` Lord Perfect '' says that the result can be deliciously sexy and delightfully funny.I confess that I often skip a few middle chapters of Regency romances , even ones that I enjoy , if the dialog between the main characters does n't amuse me ; but by page 100 of this book , and for the next 75 pages , my tears of laughter almost made the pages too blurry to read . Then the danger and worry reappeared , and I was caught by that.At the end of the book , I was so engrossed by reactions of senior members of their families to their situation that I felt that I could n't afford to miss one word , or one wordless eye contact between those haughty aristocrats , or I would n't be able to figure out what was happening.This is a thoroughly satisfying , engaging story , beginning to end . Wonderful !
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book . Ms. Chase writes a fine story in this genre of Regency romance . The story line of the overwhelming familial and societal duty , expected of a first born son of an aristocratic family in Regency England , juxtaposed with the life of one of the `` most notorious '' -LRB- read - wrong for the man -RRB- woman in England has been done . HOWEVER , Ms. Chase does it SEAMLESSLY here , with a wealth of compelling main and ancillary characters along with wonderfully interwoven parallel storylines . The handsome Benedict and sultry Bathsheba -LRB- wonderful name exacting of the storyline -RRB- are strong , intelligent , erudite characters that stand alone in their own right . Given , they are not the ingenue and young buck , their relationship and understanding of the barriers to a realization of a life together is believable , interesting and well written without being maudlin and usually accompanying hand wringing histrionics . The parallel story line of the terrifically portrayed children , Olivia -LRB- Bathsheba 's daughter -RRB- and Peregrine -LRB- Benedict 's nephew -RRB- , mirrors and plays out the story of the of the adults . Both lines are brought together in the end in a heart tugging conclusion . I had the Kleenex out and that does n't happen often for me ! The prose is tightly wrought , witty and poignant ; sexual tension and intimacy is intelligently approached and well integrated in this story of two consenting ADULTS . IMHO this entire series of 4 brothers is a great success . Let 's hope the story of the father , Lord Hargate , is written . The patriarch of these men has to be worthy of book ! MEANWHILE - Olivia and Peregrine simply MUST have their own book ! These wonderful characters are outstanding and need their story continued and completed ! PLEASE Ms. Chase?As you can guess this is one of my keepers .
 Really enjoyed this book . Fast moving plot , well written and funny with some laugh out loud moments . At the same time it packs an emotional punch and the relationship between Benedict and Bathsheba is passionate and moving - the attraction of opposites always makes for an interesting love story . Highly recommended .
 I loved the chemistry between the hero and heroine . Sometimes when it 's ` lust at first sight ' it never truly gets beyond that no matter what the author says later . But this couple was absolutely meant to be together . I loved every moment of it and was sad when it was over.I was glad to see Rupert and Daphne -LRB- from Mr. Impossible -RRB- again , but I got annoyed with Hargate for continually calling Rupert an idiot . We all know he 's not an idiot and although he uses everybody else 's low expectations of him to his advantage I feel like calling him names is beyond the joke.But Bathsheba Wingate and Rathbourne are the focus here -LRB- along with the delightful Olivia and Peregrine -RRB- and they are wonderful and easily worth five stars .
 Lord Perfect is the perfect end to the Earl of Hargate son 's trilogy after Miss Wonderful and Mister Impossible and was my favorite of the three books . Benedict , the heir to the earldom , has been considered by the town to be the perfect aristocrat , no scandal , his marriage to his late first wife was the perfect arrangement she was from good family and all his decisions and actions have been in line with the upper class ' expectations , therefore earning him the name Lord Perfect . He has temporary guardianship of his wayward nephew Peregrine or `` Lisle '' who wishes to be an Egyptian explorer like his aunt Daphne but his drawing leaves a lot to be desired and this leads Benedict to seek a drawing tutor for Lisle . When his search leads him to society outcast Bathsheba , Benedict is stunned to find himself tempted by a woman . Her looks are beautiful but Benedict finds himself also fascinated by her wit . Knowing society will disapprove , Benedict throws caution to the wind and hires her to tutor his nephew . When Bathsheba 's hoyden daughter gets Lisle involved in a plan to run away to search for some hidden treasure , Benedict and Bathsheba must go after them . Along the way , the passion between Benedict and Bathsheba explodes and for once Benedict decides to turn his back on society and do what 's right for him . However , Bathsheba who was one of the infamous outcasts the Delancey 's , refuses to let Benedict ruin his life for her.I really liked Benedict , he was the true aristocrat with all the attributes down to a fault but still showed he had character . Bathsheba was refreshing in that she just admits that she wants the man and goes for it . The kids are typical and the story fun . Good ending .
 This series just gets better and better . Benedict is the heir to the Earl of Hargate , Viscount Rathbourne . He 's one of those marvellous heroes who never puts a foot wrong - the epitome of the perfectly mannered , perfectly behaved , perfectly dependable , perfectly everything aristocrat . Until his nephew Peregrine clashes with Olivia , the daughter of widowed Bathsheba Wingate , one of the ` Dreadful DeLucey 's ' who create havoc and scandal wherever they go . You 'll be delighted as scandalous havoc does ensue ! Olivia secretly persuades Peregrine to run away on a Grand Adventure to dig up her great-grandfather 's pirate treasure , in the grounds of her ancestral mansion . Only with the treasure will her Mama lose that haunted , tired look , and be accepted into society -LRB- aww -RRB- . The hoo-ha escalates as Benedict and Bathsheba take off after the children , with great speed and alarm - and intimate proximity . -LRB- Another road trip , yay , just like Mr. Impossible ! -RRB- Of course - of course - Benedict and Bathsheba fall in love , both knowing the other is totally unsuitable . But love Will Not Listen to polite society , will it ? Benedict 's control unravels so fast it 's hysterical , and Bathsheba continually tries to push him away - but of course he 's irresistible . Glorious fun , rollicking romance , everything to enjoy in this book.P.S . The part where Bathsheba introduces Benedict to her estranged relatives as her ` mad brother Derek ' is priceless . He 's fuming -LRB- ` throbbing in silence ' -RRB- and she 's sweetly desperate to maintain his sterling reputation . And that 's only one of the fun scenes !
 Reminiscent of her earlier works , this book is a lively tale of love and adventure.Neither as deep as `` Captives of the Night '' nor as hilarious as `` Lord of Scoundrels '' and `` The Last Hellion '' , it is still a wonderful read . Of the three in this new series so far -LRB- `` Miss Wonderful '' , `` Mr. Impossible '' and this book -RRB- , this is my favorite.The story of how `` Lord Perfect '' becomes `` Lord Mussed , Fussed and In Love '' is delightfully told and fun to read.Once again , the author shows her versatility in her drawing of characters . -LRB- PS
 Loretta Chase 's books are always good . I have read & enjoyed them all . ` Lord Perfect ' is a new title and the book more than met my high high expectations . It is funny , touching , exciting and extremely sexy . The characters are fully developed and very appealing . I expect to re-read this book as I have all of Chase 's earlier books . It is really a SIX ****** star keeper .
 This book is like a refreshing cold drink on a hot day.I have n't read a book lately that has such emotional depth . The writing is fabulous and fully engages you in the escapades of both the hero and heroine as well as the children . I found the letters written by Olivia charming . There 's a lot of humor here as well.This is a wonderfully heartfelt romance .
 Lord Perfect is a `` perfect '' read ! Witty , great dialogue , very romantic - I found myself , as another reviewer stated , re-reading passages , not wanting to move on . This is a very entertaining story that will make you laugh out loud . After being dissappointed in `` Mr. Impossible '' , I was greatly relieved to find that this novel has lived up to the previous great stories - Captives of the Night - being my all-time favorite .
 Benedict , the Earl of Hargate is the perfect gentleman . He 's from a good family with exquisite manners and works hard at his various philanthropic projects . Bathsheba is widowed with a notorious reputation . What no ones realizes is it 's her family with the reputation , she 's the only straight one in a family of swindlers , liars and cheats . They are thrown together when her daughter runs off in search of treasure with Benedict 's nephew.Plot
 I found it really funny , with witty dialogues , also very romantic . The characters were very endearing . I particularly liked Olivia . This is a very entertaining story that made me laugh out loud several times . This is first book I 've read from this author . I just ordered 7 more of her books ; that is how much I loved her style of writing .
 My New Favorite book ! I Love Bathsheeba ! She is Exactly as I would like to be when I grow up ! The Perfect Heroine for Lord Perfect ! Exciting and witty and not whiny and dull . This was a Great book !
 If we were exposed to Chief Picciotto 's book before September 11 , 2001 , it would have been classified as some freaky piece of science fiction about a fictitous armageddon-like war . We would have snickered and questioned mental health of the author for coming up with such an outlandish story . And certainly we would have assured ourselves that this could never happen in real life , NEVER , but it did . 9/11 shocked us all and put us into a stage of disbelief , and to this day it is still unable to be comprehended.Picciotto does a great job in putting this horrible event into light . Although no book will ever truly tell the whole story of September 11 , 2001 , this book , filled with ample explictness , at least offers us one view of the thousands and thousands that experienced this horrible disaster .
 This book is riveting , as far as it goes . I could barely put it down , but then I had to , because unfortunately , it runs out of rivets . `` Last Man Down '' is a scintillating description of one fire chief 's story of survival in the World Trade Center collapse . I learned of the book when I saw Chief Picciotto interviewed on `` Imus in the Morning '' on MSNBC . I immediately ordered the book through Amazon.com . As I expected , having heard this man 's story , I found the book to be gripping , technically very detailed , one that leaves you awe-struck . Then , it leaves you.The book effectively ends with the Chief in the hospital . It says nothing of what happened afterwards . I wanted to know what came of the others spoken of in the book , those who were trapped in the stairwell with him . I was looking for stories of finding these brave souls weeks later , and recounting their adventure and aftermath . Did he attend the funeral of the other Chief who could n't hold on and perished in the stairwell ? We do n't know , and the human interest portion of this story is easily as important of the technical details of the rescue . Humanity is what made `` Band of Brothers '' truly great , and it 's missing in `` Last Man Down . `` I do n't know why it ended there , whether it was publishing deadlines , a lack of editorial insight , or if there is some thought of a sequel . But what was a very intense few hours of reading did n't pay off . I suppose it parallels his story , in that once he emerged from the rubble , he expected more of a hero 's welcome , but did n't get it . Perhaps , like the survivors who were too shell-shocked to celebrate his escape , he could n't process anything more . I hope that we will hear the rest of the story someday .
 Reading this book made me homesick . I grew up in NYC , I remember hearing the sirens , and watching the firetrucks racing down the streets at all hours.While reading his words , I just kept thinking ... he sounds like a typical blue collar New Yorker , brash , abrasive even , but with an indominable spirit with a fierce loyalty.Some here have called him arrogant , I would disagree . You have to be a type A personality to do what he did for a living , humble just does not save lives in the type of situations Firefighters and Rescue workers usually find themselves.He admitts many times being a thorn , and bucking the system , but he clearly loved his job . Does that make him a hero ... Yes , because he lived with fear and still did what had to be done.As for his complaints about the brass , I lived in NY when they started cutting back , and know he stated the truth . The fact that firefighters had been complaining about the same things for years and no one listened.Read this book and if you can still see your local firefighters and rescue workers as you did before 9/11 ... then there who is the arrogant one ? I also recommend reading Women At Ground Zero : Stories of Courage and Compassion
 First Hand account of the tragic day that Shoot America and left the FDNY without 343 of its bravest firefighters . Amazing story of survival . Battalion Cheif Picciotto is a great speaker and a true hero . Highly recommend this book !
 Acting out of their own sense of duty , this man and his comradesgave us something precious , helping us cope with the memoriesof a senseless act of violence . He and his brothers in armsshowed the world that heroes still exist in the 21th century , and not just in books and movies of old.They acted , they saved lives , they died for that . Talk aboutgiving meaning to one 's life ...
 One of the most amazing books that i have ever read . One man gives his opinions in a raw unforgiving emotional testimony . He tells it like it was . In years to come ... . this will be the book that documented one of the best , first person accounts , of a day in American History . You will never understand the sound or the feeling inside the World Trade Center on September 11th without this book . DO yourself a favor and read this book .
 I loved this book ! I could n't put it down . This is the first book that I ever finished in a few days . It is a book from one mans point of view , but that is what makes it so great . . Sometimes to take a walk in someones shoes you have to hear it from them . . ANd that is What Ricard does in this fine book . HE makes you feel and see what he felt and went through on a day like 9/11 . This book is about Richard the Fire Chief and 9/11 . But he tells it like it is and how it went down . He had no clue what was going on outside of the tower he was in . He just kept on pushing to help evacuate the north tower when all hell broke loose ... I would recommend this book to ever Firefighter . . I loved it .
 I certainly did n't until I read this book . Seems the department had suffered some severe cutbacks , so the only tool belts most of the men have are made from seat belts taken from old cars . Their communications system does n't work so well either , which surely would have saved more firemen on 9/11 . I ca n't believe the city of New York lets this go on after 9/11 . The book is fast-paced and well written . It reads more like Picciotto is talking to you than writing about what happened . I do n't think he 's patting himself on the back , as some reviewers have said , just giving us the facts . I 'd have some disdain for the city of NY , too , if I risked my life in my job routinely and I had to scrounge around for the tools to do my job .
 As a freshman at Mercyhurst College in Erie , Pennsylvania , I had the opportunity to hear Richard Picciotto speak at our college on September 11 of this year . He spoke about his experiences in ground zero and stayed for nearly two hours afterwards signing books and talking to students . He is an amazing , inspirational man - and yes , no less than a hero . His experience made me grateful for men such as himself , and my father , who is an assistant fire chief in our hometown , for the work they do every day . Having the privilege of meeting Mr. Picciotto has been one of the most meaningful experiences I 've ever had , and this book follows very closely with the speech he delivers . Just add the New York accent .
 I picked up this book expecting to learn about what went on with the rescue workers in the World Trade Center . I learned this and so much more . This book described firefighters in sights and dedication to saving lives . I could not put it down . Even though the subject is so serious , The way it is written is inspiring . I highly recommened reading this book
 THIS BOOK IS WRITTEN SO WELL THAT I FELT I WAS THERE LIVING THROUGH THE NIGHTMARE OF 9/11 . THERE WERE TIMES THAT THE STORY BECAME SO REAL FOR ME I COULD BARELY BREATH . HE DID SUCH AN AMAZING JOB IN THE WAY HE WROTE THIS THAT YOU COME AWAY UNDERSTANDING THE TRUE HORROR OF THAT DAY . I LOVED IT SO MUCH THAT MANY OF MY FRIENDS WENT RIGHT ON AMAZON AND ORDERED THEIR COPY . YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO PUT IT DOWN .
 I thought the book was well written and kept my attention . You just put yourself in the position of the firefighters who risked their lives doing their job and just thank God that they were there and willing to just be brave and hold onto their hopes that they would get out of there alive .
 I did not read the entire book . I was mainly interested in Cheif Picciotto 's account of the `` collapse '' of the north tower , and I was not disappointed.His description of the sights and sounds of `` what went down '' that day is riviting and a must read for anyone interested in the events of 9/11 . After pondering the fact that the 110 story building came down on top of his head , and that he lived to tell the tale ; you may , like me , be left with some questions . The answers , as it turns out , can be found here-Where Did the Towers Go ? Evidence of Directed Free-energy Technology on 9/11
 This book tells the story of 9/11/01 through the eyes of one of the many heroes of that day . It is a captivating story of the many decisions made by this fire officer at the World Trade Center , that spared his life and many others .
 Stark reality of the incredible events of Sep 11 and the courage + tribulations of those whose daily actions we take for granted.A highly personal account - warts and all.Maybe individual memory differs from others - so what?Here is a leader from the front , doing what he knows best + helping us understand a little more of this great and awful tragedy .
 The Book Is A Wounderful peice of work by FDNY Battalion 11 Chiefwho tells the story from the begining of a his day at the fire house to the day he escaped the world trade center . The book is so well writen you can actualy see the story he wrote . I give this book 5 + + + + + + + stars for this Great Noval
 FDNY Battalion Chief Richard Picciotto 's account of his survival and ultimate escape from the collaspe of the WTC North Tower on September 11 is one of the best stories to come out of that agonizing day . He was the highest-ranking firefighter to survive this collapse , and he and his comrades were trapped under the rubble of the North Tower for over four hours.I could n't put this book down . Chief Picciotto tells his story with complete candor , and early on you realize how very lucky he and the other men and civilian woman were on that fateful day . It was one of the few miracles to come out of 9/11 . It is the bravery of Chief Picciotto and the other rescue personnel , along with the civilian , that grabs the reader and never lets you go until they are all safely out of the remains of the North Tower.Do yourself a favor - buy two copies of the book - and give it to a friend . This story stays with you long after you close the final page
 In the small isolated Island of New Zealand we are seperated by thousands of miles from the horror that was going on in New York on September 11 . This book brought me closer than the horrifing pictures that I saw on tv and I realised the fear and the pain that USA citizens were coming to grips with and I realised how lucky I truely was . It took me less than 6 hours to read this captivating book from cover to cover . I was sickened when Richard described the noise of the collaspe of the towers , the horror he faced when emerging from his tomb and the financial constraints that are placed on all our forces!Richard has written this book in such an amazing way that you can actually feel -LRB- however I am very very lucky that I could not ! -RRB- the fear , the horror and the drive behind these very brave men . The way Richard describes the noise of the collapse of the towers gutted me to my very core and I shed a tear for the worry for the supportive families.Even though I am located on the other side of the world I am greatful for people like Richard and the many other brave people that risk their lives every day ... we should all be made to read books like this one !!! I hope in your lifetime you have heard enough 5-5-5-5 's and that you never have to hear it again !!!! Thankyou XXXXX
 Chief Picciotto gives us a new perspective with his account of being in the WTC , up in the towers as everything turned horribly wrong . More than just an account of what happened on September 11 , it also gives an insight into the mind of a high ranking officer in the FDNY about firefighting as a whole and some ideas about the FDNY as a whole . I welcomed much of the commentary on the way things were/are being done within the FDNY , mostly because of my dealings with them on a day to day basis . I think this is a good read for anyone who wants to see not only into the events of September 11 by someone who was below Ground Zero , but for those looking for a good fire service related book .
 I read this book after hearing about it from a friend . I found it was a very enlighting story of the heroism and humanity of new york firefighters . It was a book that I could not put down I finished reading it in two days . I would encourage all to read it and See for yourself .
 I bought New York City Chief Richard Picciotto 's book on a Saturday evening and could n't put it down . I thought the `` colorful '' personal account of courage and bravery of New York Bravest made me feel if I was among the firefighters at Chief Picciotto 's Firestation as he told his story of that tragic day events.I would recommend this book to anyone interested in wanting to read of heroism . Be Warned ! Call your Doctor ... your heart will be moved : -RRB-
 My God this Batl.Commander was such a brave superior officer . Fire Officers no matter their rank lead their men in front ... My son a cop was at the World Trade Center when the second plane hit.He and many firemen and cops were knocked back by the blast and searing heat.They rose off the ground and back to assist ... So very brave firemen and fire commanders such as this author does not startle or surprise my family ... What the Batl . Chief presents in his book does not surprise me because I know and my son certainly knows firemen and certainly Batl.Chiefs are very brave dedicated men . God bless New York 's Finest .
 I picked up this book to read on the plane . I ca n't explain the range of emotions that I encountered over the three hours it took me to read it . This man is a hero beyond words . He was in a amazing situation and it seems to me was able to still put thought into the big picture . Another reviewer wrote that he did not care about joesphine , i got the impression that he knew she was being cared for and wanted to look at what he could do to get everyone out of there . Also about his family , to be perfectly honest i 'm not sure if i would call my family until my feet were on solid ground , just a thought , i would n't want them to have imagine where i was trapped.This book is an amazing historic account of a truly horrible day and one of the individuals that was able to rise above the horror . i hope that the commander gets to enjoy the rest of his life in a relaxing way . And if he ever doubts any of his actions , i hope he remembers the millions of people around the world that are telling there children all about him , in hopes they grow up to be the type of person that risks his life for anothers . `` There is no greater love then to lay down your life for your fellow man ''
 This is a riveting book , offering a glimpse into the world of firemen and rescue workers and into the unthinkable disaster of the World Trade Center attacks . A heart-wrenching , beautifully conceived and beautifully related account of a dedicated fireman who dove into the center of it all on September 11 and miraculously survived .
 this book was excellent , could not put it down , pitch you are my hero no wait the FDNY is.the situations he and his men went through were -- no words could describe it this was the best book i have read on the sept 11 attacks , i was a firefighter and have a brother who is still on , the way the whole fire dept is described is true , this hit home , a must readif you get a chance thank your local firefighterfor the hard work he or she dose for us
 This book is amazing ! The heroism and raw thoughts , fears , and courage that Richard Picciotto shared are incredible . For those of you who have loved ones that are firefighters , or for those of you who simply want to catch a glimpse of how amazing these heros are day in and day out , this is a fabulous read !!!
 I picked up this book and could n't put it down until I had read it all . I highly recommend this book to get a firsthand perspective from someone that was there as this attack unfolded .
 I thought this book was outstanding and shows the true dedication of all firefighters . It is a book that lets the reader understand some of why firemen do what the do . If you want a truthfll insight into there world you have to read this book .
 A gritty , honest and immersing recount . Not sanitized . Not the `` company '' line . He called it like he saw it . Smetimes as a Battalion Commander he had to make decisions on the spot . He tells it strictly from his point of view including his own feelings . There is no gloss here . There is a feeling that you are there more than with Smith 's `` Report From Ground Zero . '' Dennis Smith writes after the fact and it is interesting to read the memories of others he recounts after you have read `` Last Man Down . '' Somehow I have more faith in a story told by a man who is n't afraid to say that some equipment and even toilet paper is dangerous , worthless or both . Read both . See which you feel is best .
 I thought it was an excellent look into the mind of a professional . The `` behind the scenes '' description of a fireman 's duties made me humble . Just the description of everyone racing down stairs and firemen racing up to whatever danger ... to a man and woman , they are a braver person than I am . When next I hear a fire siren , I will silently send them a `` God Speed and Come Back Safe '' .
 This is a great book . Richard Picciotto is not an experienced author , but I kind of like the way he tells his story . It is strait forward and easy comprehensible . The story is about several firefighter 's and a civilian 's escape from the North Tower of the World Trade Center . Richard Picciotto is the battalion chief of the eleventh precinct . He enters the tower in order to rescue civilians . He finds that most of the people have all ready evacuated the tower . But he finds a few lost souls . After a while he hears a loud sound . He ca n't understand what it is . He hears on the radio that `` the tower came down '' . He ca n't comprehend it . But after the initial shock , he manages to puzzle the pieces back together . The South Tower is gone . He orders an evacuation of the North Tower . He makes his descent from the 35th floor , checking every floor on the way down for survivors . He finds some handicapped people who ca n't get down on their own . And he and his fellow firefighters help them down . After a while he hears the loud sound again , and he knows this is the end . Well , is it ? He is buried under the rubble . And somehow manages to survive being buried.The story is so unbelievable that it is nothing short of a miracle . If you have seen the images on television , this is the story that was n't told . This is a story of what it takes to be a firefighter . This is a story about an unbelievable escape . This is a story from the inside . No one believed there would be survivors of a building collapse . But this man survived against all odds and he is here to tell the story . If you want to read one story about 9-11 this is the one . I recommend it to everyone . This is an important part of American history !
 I am not a big reader . I was given this book by a friend and told that it was the most amazing book he had ever read . Well let me tell you , this non reader read this book in one night . IT was terrifying going through the emotions that this man went through that day with him . I felt as if i too were experinceing everything that he had on that horrible day.I have read what others have written on this website about this book and i disagree with some completly . This bbok to me was written by an honest man just trying to show what HE thought . In no way did he ever take away credit of anyone.The person that he gave the least credit was himself . I actually think he gave ladder 6 alot of credit.Thank you for writing this book . I will pass it on to all those i hold dear so that they too can understand the courage and honor that firemen have . I hope that you have a great life and career but if you truly are done i hope that you realize just how high the world holds you and your brothers .
 At last I have found the book . I heard excerpts of this book read over the radio in Australia but they gave out the wrong title . Listening to what this man went through was absolutely mindblowing and If it was the last thing I ever did I promised that I would get this book for my daughters when they were old enough to understand the tragedy that was sept 11 . The narrator spoke with a new york city accent and it almost seemed that I was in there with them , waiting , hoping the emotions were almost to hard to contain and to hear that they got out to see the damage was heart wrenching but awe inspiring because they had survived . If you read only one book in your lifetime make sure that it is this one . Can I get an audio of the book . God bless you .
 Chief `` Pitch '' details a riveting , courageous , unbelievable account of his survival of the 9/11 North Tower collapse . What a man . This book is a must read . It is only through the grace of God that this courageous , awesome man survived this disaster and lived to tell about it . I say , `` Take a bow Chief , you are awesome . '' I could not put this bood down . I wish he would write a follow-up .
 i have had the pleasure of listening to this man speak ... . he is amazing . His story is amazing ... and the pedastal that he puts his brother firemen is awe inspiring ... read the book ... . then read it again : -RRB-
 Richard Picciotto 's story touched me to the very core . I wish I could rate this book higher than a 5 ! He painted a very clear picture of what he and the other firefighters went through and endured . To me , these men -LRB- and women -RRB- of 9/11 are heroes ! I know they have said they were only doing their jobs , but because of them , hundreds of more lives were saved . I was an EMT at the time and was working for a private medical transport company . And on 9/13 , I was one of the few who had the honor of going into the city to help . It is an experience I will never ever forget . God Bless all the firefighters , EMS personnel , and police officers who risk their lives every day .
 If every account of history was just `` cashing in '' we would have no first-hand accounts to pass on to the next generation . Maybe to the jealous-hearted this is `` cashing in '' whatever that really means . Many people do n't see it that way at all . Thank God this man lived to tell about it . Pich did all he could with the highest professionalism and used whatever means he had at his disposal , putting others before him in an effort to save lives . I do n't know how well any of us would have done in the life or death situations he faced . Can you walk up 35 flights of stairs with 60 to 100 lbs . of gear ? This book is first-rate . No fear . Only guts.Next time , go after the rip-off scam-artists who have nothing to contribute in their books but `` cash in '' anyway . Maybe that 's your speed .
 This book gives incite to what was going through the minds of the highest ranking firefighters as they departed from the station right until the end . A neighbor of mine , I could n't thank him any more for sharing his joyous story with the world . Thanks Mr. Picciotto !
 I am a full time firefighter/engineer in a small town with three stations . This book does a great job of telling the inside story of what happened to our country on 9-11 and also an insight to the world of firefighters , for those with no prior knowledge . My only real frustration in reading this book , is that some of the detail on this thought , or that thought , becomes a little mundane . In one passage , he dwells for a long paragraph , on a sliver of illumination from an emergency light , that some how ended up sharing the void . All in all , it is a great book , but the same story could have been told with out the hovering over so many tiny details . But then you 'd have a book only three quarters the length .
 I recomend this book to anyone who wants to know what actually happened and when . This book tells it all . it tells the story of one firefighter who survives in the world trade center -LRB- north tower -RRB- his minute after minute account of his experience will amaze any reader its just amazing how the events unfolded leading up to the collapse of the tower that he was in . He also saves numerous people trapped from the 35th floor risking himself after realizing that at any moment it could collapse . so I recomend this book to anyone because it tells it all thats why I gave it five stars . you should see for yourself.was this review helpfull yes or no
 THIS BOOK is the best nine eleven WTC BOOK I 've ever read BUY IT NOW IF YOU LIKE READING ABOUT 9/11 OR FIREFIGHTING ! YOU WO N'T BE SORRY !!
 I had seen Chief Picciotto and heard parts of his amazing story on TV last September but nothing takes the place of reading the details of his 9-11 , in his own words.His description of being in a stairwell on the 35th floor of the North tower when the South tower started to collapse will bring tears to your eyes . The recounting of his controversial decision to evacuate the rescue workers that were still climbing up the stairs of the North tower was compelling and probably saved the lives of hundreds of fire fighters . Reading his description of the collapse of the North tower while he was still on its 7th floor is almost as indescribable as the sounds he was hearing . And then his description of trying to figure out if he was dead or alive -LRB- `` maybe this is what it feels like to be dead '' -RRB- are just some of the highlights that come to mind . But after all is said and done , it 's the `` diary '' of his entire day , in story form , from the senior FDNY officer in the upper floors of the North tower , that puts you in the tower , with he and his men , in one of the most horrible , unimaginable situations the civilized world has ever experienced.What made the story even more real for me is that the book covers about 12 hours of Picciotto 's day and took me about 12 hours to read , making it appear as a `` real time '' account of this piece of 9-11 history .
 Last Man Down is a clear , nerve-wracking , compelling personal account of one professional 's experience on Sept 11 . It is story of a midtown Battalion Fire Chief , who leads with courage and experience on that horrible day . What make it great is that it covers the detailed technical aspects of rescue work in high-rise disasters , as well as the personal account of a victim of terrorism , it works on both levels.The description of the day is clear and so well described , it will help people who were not there to better understand how so many people were saved that day . I know . I was in the North Tower on Sept 11 , on the 40th floor when the first plane hit . As I went down the stairs , stairwell A or C , -LRB- I 'm still not sure which -RRB- , it was exactly the scene the Picciotto laid out . We did not see firefighters until I was down to the 20 's , so I am sure that I saw some of the companies described in the book . Reading the book helped me understand better what they were doing and why . As we were going down , when we saw those men , with all that gear going up those stairs with such persistence , some part of me knew that we would survive . They helped us out of Hell itself.I knew then what real heroes are , Picciotto and his brothers have set the bar , and they 've set it high . I remember that on one of the landings near the teens there was one fire fighter , he was a big guy , 6 ' 3 '' 250lbs , standing , calm but breathing hard . He was in full turnout gear with oxygen on his back , his helmet cocked back on his head . Our eyes met , he had clear blue eyes and a thick blond moustache . I said good luck and really meant it . And he just nodded clearly confident , knowing he was doing his job , saving people . Picciotto helps us all remember that strength and courage.His account does n't pull any punches , or mask things over to romanticize what went on . I respect his criticism of the FDNY , he is taking his celebrity , and using it powerfully . I hope people listen , especially the politicians . You need to give them the tools they need to do the jobs we expect of them . You 'll do well to support the rescue workers we must have to live the lives we have chosen.Read the book . The FDNY deserves it . Picciotto deserves it.Thanks Pitch . I hope that you 've been able to work through the aftermath with the leadership and courage you had on that day . For me the weeks following were much harder than the day itself . I 'll see you at the big one .
 Richard Picciotto 's story is so horrific that I found it in places almost unbearable and almost put the book down . However , I decided if this man could live through this awful day and write about it , I could finish his story . This is the account of Chief Picciotto and other New York Firefigters ' heroic rescue of many people in the north tower of the World Trade Center , then the tower falling around them , their being trapped for 3 or 4 hours in a tiny space , not knowing if they would ever get out , and thank God , their ultimate escape to safety.The book is very well done and is full of painstaking details . For example , we learn that the sky was totally clear that awful day ; otherwise the misguided monsters would not have been able to fly into the tower . As Picciotto and other firefighters are clearing the tower , he comes across on a twenty-seventh floor `` a well-dressed broker-type hunched over at his desk , typing crazily on his keyboard ... at first I thought I was seeing things . '' -LRB- Can you believe this ? -RRB- There is also the account of the rescue of a group of disabled people who had somehow gathered on the same floor . When Chief Piccioto first sees them , he does n't realize that they are disabled . `` And as they moved toward me , I thought I was seeing things . There were people in wheelchairs , people on crutches , people moving with the aid of walkers and canes , people hardly moving at all . There were people old enough to have been my grandparents -- and they moved with the kind of hurry you usually find in tortoises . '' When the tower falls and Chief Piccioto stops moving , he is in a small space in total darkness . `` I thought I was dead . Really , I actually wondered if this was what it felt like to be dead . Think about it
 I am a little surprised by the negative reviews of this book -- perhaps some reviewers do n't personally know any firefighters -- and that is the point of this book
 I just finished reading Chief Picciotto 's book `` Last Man Down '' and I could n't wait to give it to a friend to read so we could talk about it . The story is compelling . It 's like a live fairy tale . Incredible to believe it could happen , and even more so that 13 people could live to tell the story . I 've been to a lot of the museums and exhibitions of 9/11 pictures and videos . I watched the Robert DeNiro TV movie . This book is a more vivid and moving story of the 9/11 devastation than anything else I have seen or heard .
 It is obvious from his style of writing that Richard Picciotto is a no nonsense , plain speaking , man . He is someone used to being in charge . Though rough , his style communicates honest emotion and no `` poetic license '' . At many points I found myself looking for more guidance from his contributor , Daniel Pisner . Finally I realized that it is just not the style of Richard Picciotto to be edited . He is a person used to defining the world from his own perspective since this is the vantage point most familiar to him . This is the kind of person he is and I imagine has always been . `` Last Man Down , '' gives an insiders view of the collapse of WTC I. Picciotto 's graphic descriptions of the raw terror of the moment the tower came down are riviting . The book does leave the reader wanting more though . I especially would like to read an account by the `` civillian '' rescued by then trapped with Picciotto and his men .
 This is the last book in the Magic Trilogy . Coulter writes of a sea captian , Rafael Castairs -LRB- introduced in `` Calypso Magic '' -RRB- , and his journey to London . On the way , he saves Victoria Abermarle , none other than his hated twin 's ward . Of course , a romance bloom between the two . Rafael is loving and gentle , although very stubborn , and of course , worms his way into Victoria 's heart . Just as Victoria , with her innocence and beauty , worms right into his heart . Sit back and enjoy the love story as it grows between the two . The fight scenes are halirious , the sex scenes steamy , and the mystery and dealings of Damein , Rafael 's twin , are twisted . I find this one a highly enjoyable story written by Coulter , which allows us to revisit all the characters from the first two books , however briefly .
 I 've read -LRB- almost -RRB- all of her books , and this fun-packed love-story is the best ever penned . The incomparably funny sparring between Victoria and Rafael , and the steam-filled love scenes are so invigorating that U have to read it again and again just for the heck of it . Irresistible !!! = P
 I have read all of her books and have really liked all of them . Recommend them to all mature readers .
 I liked reading this part of the trilogy . I love Catherine Coulter 's writing style . It is a book book to read .
 Fist of all , this book was great , I do n't have anything against it . The only thing I hate is how Rafael repeatly doubts Victoria . But like my title suggests , I 'm curious about her other books . I read all the reviews of her other books and most people like them . There are also people who do n't . Before I read them -LRB- the reviews -RRB- , I was planning to go buy more of her books . Now I 'm not so sure , her books sound like they sure have a lot of cruelty and rape in them !
 This book was very good , although it was not the best out of the three in the series . Victoria and Rafael are hilarious when it comes their fighting , although it 's the same with all of Coulter 's books . She 's my favorite author , and I 've come to love all of her writings . I must say that the book does leave some loose ends at the end , but it ties some of the ends from Calypso Magic , like why Rafael Carstairs was not just any sea captain . The last chapter is hystericaly funny when they bring in the three couples , Rafael and Victoria , Hawk and Frances , and Diana and . I loved how Hawk and Frances Keep appearing in all three books , although Diana and do n't appear in the last one untill the last chapter .
 This is one of three books and everyone of them kept my interest . It made me laugh and cry . One of the best books I have read lately . I highly recommend to read .
 Always enjoy Catherine Coulter -- she 's the best !!!! I really enjoy it when you can follow the charactors from one book to the next . A good three book series !!!
 This book is a must for all romantics ! I loved the feisty characters and the dialogue between Victoria and Rafael is hilarious . I could n't put this book down after reading Midsummer Magic !!
 Ms. Coulter is the best coming to historical romance . Her books will always be on NY timmes best rating . Thumbs up for her
 loved it you wont put it down
 Although I was n't aware this was a former library book it did turn out to be in good shape . The stamps on it were a little dissapointing but that 's my only complaint .
 This novel is wonderful ! It starts out in action from the very first page and keeps the action coming until the last . This novel was a mystery/romantic thriller . It also has some of the most intense romantic scenes I have ever read . I usually do n't like reading novels that are based around a character being a cop . For example , the main character in this story is a cop and usually I find all the cop lingo in novels very boring . However , this novel had just the right amount . I enjoyed this novel thoroughly . There are a couple things that I would have liked to know before I started reading this novel , but the things that I would have liked to know were n't horrible when I found out , just not expected . The first thing that was unexpected was that this novel is based in the future . It has cars that can fly and holographic telecoms . One of the things that I loved most about this novel was that since it was based in the future , the guns we use today are considered antiques in this novel , along with manually using a computer instead of voice commanding it , and reading a book that is not on a computer or some hand held device is very rare . This novel held my interest in many more ways than I expected . However , the only main advice that I have for others that are thinking about purchasing this novel , is that there is very strong sexual descriptions . In violence and in pleasure dealing with women . The murders are very sexually violent and the romance scenes are also very sexually discriptive . I would suggest not reading this novel if things like that bother you . Also I would not let anyone under 17 read this novel because of the violent sexual discriptions.Further more , this is an amazing novel and I will be recommending this to many of my friends that enjoy a good mystery/romance thriller.Naked in Death -LRB- In Death , Book 1 -RRB-
 Purchasing from Amazon sellers is nearly as good as dealing directly with Amazon . It takes a bit longer to receive , but it costs less and is usually used and sometimes out of print . If you ca n't get it from your local library , check all Amazon sellers . I 've never been disappointed . The best part is that you can still order through your amazon account ; easy as pie.Jeanie
 I was skeptical about starting this series , but after the raves that several people I know gave it , I decided to see for myself . If you like romance books with a great plot -LRB- and no I am not talking about Harlequin romance books -RRB- or detective/murder mysteries you will definitely like the Death series . The book has the pace of an intriguing murder mystery with a great romance intertwined . I have already read several of the next books in the series and they definitely do not disappoint !
 I was not disappointed with the book . It was in great shape and I loved reading it .
 Just as I described in my title ! :-RRB- Planning to read the 2nd book in the series next
 Awesome ROBB ! Great book ! entertaining ! Robb whirls you about Eve 's life entangling you in love , laughter and humanity !
 Eve Dallas is a cop in New York City in the future . Eve is just getting over a tragic accident that happened while on the job , when she is pulled into a high profile case involving a young woman and her death.As Eve works on the case of how Sharon DeBliss was killed , this is where she starts to realize that the person who killed Sharon left a calling card that said one of six . Eve hopes that she will be able to catch the killer before the killer kills 6 woman.Eve works on figuring out how the killer acquired old guns and how he is able to kill without anyone knowing who this person is and how he is able to slip between the cops and deliver document to Eve that shows her the graphic murders . This is where Eve meets Roarke a man who is very rich and seems to have a link to the case.As she interviews Roarke she finds that his man could be a possible suspect , but Eve allows herself to become involved with Roarke and that is where she learns that Roarke might not be the man she had first assumed he might be.As time goes on and more murders happen , Eve is out to catch the killer and she will do anything to catch him.This was a great first book in the series ; I hope the rest of the books are as good as this one .
 Today 's fiction market is n't kind to writers who try to combine genres in their books . The `` in Death '' series is a wonderful exception -- occurring , no doubt in part , due to the track record of writer Nora Roberts . Are n't we lucky to have something so unusual as a mix of mystery/romance/science fiction and have it be a fun read.This is the first book in the popular series . I 've read a few of the others and wish I 'd read this one first . The mystery in each book stands alone but this book explains a great deal about what motivates Eve Dallas . It 's also fun to read about how she and Rourke get together -LRB- even if he 's far more overbearing than most real women would stand -RRB- .
 Eve Dallas is awesome . She isnt a cardboard character , and both she and Roarke are so complex that the series stands up as a continuing unravelling of both characters . While neither is `` cuddly '' , they are both fascinating . Plot and pace are excellent , as well .
 I work at a public library , and I have read a lot of different books , and this series is really good ! Its is a little different by how she mixes the future in so that , it is n't too fake , but yet , a soon reality ? Her romance is n't too over the edge , but she gives enough power to make you look forward to the next scene ! I wish these could be movies ! I really enjoy them , and I guess its because you can relate to the characters ! Great job !!!
 I AM AN AVID MYSTERY READER , HOWEVER I AM NOT A BIG SCIENCE FICTION BUFF . SOMEONE RECOMMENDED THIS BOOK TO ME , AND I THOUGHT WHY NOT ? I 'M GLAD I DID . THIS IS A GREAT MYSTERY WITH JUST THE RIGHT AMOUNT OF SCIENCE FICTION AND ROMANCE . EVE IS SUPERB AND ROARKE PROVIDES JUST THE RIGHT BALANCE . I ENJOYED `` NAKED IN DEATH '' SO I PLAN TO CONTINUE WITH THE WHOLE SERIES WITH EVE .
 If your looking for a well written and satisfying read look no farther . This book has everything . Two strong main characters , a hot romance , a thrilling mystery and glimpse into the future . This book is an excellent beginning to a fantastic series . I highly reccomend if your looking for a series of books that keep getting better or just one great book .
 As a fan of the author 's , but not of the frequently boring romantic suspense genre , I resisted delving into the `` In Death '' series , but the prospect of a transcontinental flight with nothing to read forced me to try `` Naked in Death . '' I was blown away by the futuristic world , and the details Robb offers add a richness and texture to the stories . Eve Dallas , found at eight years of age , broken in body and spirit and without family , has made herself into someone to be respected . She is definitely rough around the edges . That is part of her charm and part of what attracts Roarke , the enigmatic and powerful billionaire who is a suspect in a string of murders . After reading this first one , I was hooked ! The entire series is SUPERB and I am awaiting the next installment with great anticipation !
 Alas ! , poor me , I now have another cast of charcters to follow . Science Fiction is not my usual genre but this only adds to the intrigue and vivid lanscape of the story . A complex heroine who breaks your heart with her sense of self and her devotion for standing for the dead and for justice . Great imaginative plotting . terrific cast of characters and Ms. Robb 's vision of the not so distance future is well done and probable . The cast interaction is real , down to earth with all of life 's little drama 's and comedy 's . Thank goodness this will be an ongoing saga as you never should loose touch with friends .
 Nora Roberts has me scanning the book shelves at all book stores looking for some of her other books I might have missed . I thought I had read all of her books until I came across her pseudonym J.D. Robb . Now I have all the `` Death '' series and am now reading the third in the series `` Immortal in Death . '' Lieutenant Eve Dallas is the perfect heroine . I stayed up all night to finish `` Naked in Death '' A definate page turner !!!
 This book was really a great read , I loved the characters in it , and now I am truly a Nora Roberts fan ... . I ca n't wait to get the other books she has written under the name of JD Robb . She deserves 10 stars !!!
 When I discovered Nora Roberts was also J.D. Robb I had to try this first book . Then , after finishing it , I had to run out and get them all ! The characters are intense , fully developed and the plot had me guessing . I love the way the `` futuristic '' elements are just part of everyday life - not a commentary on what life might be like in the future . Robb/Roberts is without a doubt my favorite author and I highly reccommend every book she has written - even those in the regrettable `` Harlequin Romance '' beginning . Thanks for listening ! - DMD
 Nora Roberts , writing as J.D.Robb , adds a breath of fresh air to a genre long given to repetition . The `` In Death '' series draws us into the life of Eve Dallas , a savvy policewoman who finds trouble everywhere she goes to avoid it . In `` Naked In Death , '' Robb narrates a wonderful murder mystery as well as giving us a solid romantic tale between the world-weary Eve and her prime suspect . Wonderfully written , suspensful to the last , and worth losing one night 's sleep
 I stumbled onto this book by pure accident . Not knowing what to expect , I was blown away . This series is written by Nora Roberts , writing as J. D. Robb . Although this book has romance in it , it 's a story with substance and a kick that had me reading every book in the series . The setting is New York City in the year 2058 . The main character is a strong woman both physically and mentally . When you walk into a bookstore , you 'll see most of the books in the series displayed on the shelf . There 's a reason for this - they 're good . You should definitely read the series in order . Start with this one . It 's the one that started it all .
 In the start of this series Robb depicts the New york of the future , where only rich people can drink real coffe , robots serve take care of household chores , cars fly and weapons are banned except for collectors ... and a ruthless killer.Lieutenant Eve Dallas is in charge of finding the responsible for a series of murders of prositutes . It gets more complicated when she falls for Roarke , a millionaire and one of the main suspects in the investigation . If you enjoyed immersing yourself in fantasy universes like the one in Lord of the Rings and you like mysteries this is a must read series for you !
 Naked In Death is the first book in a series by Nora Roberts writing as JD Robb . Set in the year 2058 , Lt. Eve Dallas is a smart , tough , take no prisoners NYC homicide detective . Because of an abusive childhood that she only remembers nightmarish snatches of , she allows few people to get close to her . Working on a high profile murder case she meets Roarke , billionaire industrialist , sexy as sin , and number one suspect . Much to her chagrin , Roarke is not all intimidated by the Lt. and gives as good as he gets . The relationship between these two is the backbone of this series . When they 're together , sparks fly . Highly intelligent and strong-willed , they 're also vulnerable , both with a dark past that they have n't completely overcome . This futuristic series gets better with each book . The plots are totally believable . Robb does n't overwhelm you high-tech wizardry . Eve and Roarke 's characters get more developed in each story , as do the other characters , Peabody , McNabb , Dr. Mira , Mavis , Feeney , and Summerset . You will not be disappointed .
 I liked this story about a futuristic cop trying to solve crimes committed with technology from our time . Though I admit that at first I forgot to read the part about the futuristic aspect and was confused until the audio told me what year it was . Oh well my mistake.Eve Dallas is a cop of the future who is thrust into an extremely high profile murder case before she is even done with the last case she was to finish up.In this case it includes `` licensed companions '' being murdered brutally . The murder has promised to kill 6 people in total and some how has dragged Dallas into it by sending her information as soon as they are happening . The first victim happens to be the astringed family member of a US Senator.Along comes Roarke who is not only a suspect but a very rich one that Eve feels attracted to against her better judgment.This is a very fast paced who done it . It is the first in the `` Death series '' by this author and I have already ordered the next 2 .
 I read the first three of these series before they hit the market in prereleases . And they blew me away . In this the first of the series , where we meet Eve Dallas - the woman who a bad history , protective of herself to the point of isolation , a lieutenant detective at Cop Central 's homocide unit in the not so distant future . And Roarke , the do-die-for Irishman who now owns just about everything on this world and the next , and just so happens to be the lead suspect in Eve 's murder investigation.All the trails point to Roarke , but Eve , who has protected herself all these years , finds there is no hiding from Roarke , the man who gets what he wants - and he wants Eve.Kudoos to Roberts for creating a cutting edge series that just gets better and better with each new addition .
 After reading this series disjointedly . . before I got them in order , I think that this , the first is the most compelling . The sense of discovery combined with the begining of trust and romance between Dallas and Roarke is very touching . It sets the stage well for the future novels and defines the fragility of the characters as they begin their relationship .
 I 've read Nora Roberts for year and I 'd never gotten around to reader her J.D. Robb books . Well I finally picked this one up at the bookstore and I was hooked . The switch on focus from romance to mystery is great . I enjoyed the daily problems in life in a futuristic society like the Autochef burning toast . The fact that she did n't finalize Eve and Roarke 's relationship and made it an ongoing thing makes you want to read the next book . Eve 's character is great . We need more tough female cop lead characters . Would recomend this to all Nora Roberts fans .
 Of all of Nora Roberts ' books this is my favorite . This entire series is awesome . This book introduces us to two remarkable people . Eve Dallas and Roarke . These two have had a rough go of it but have triumphed over countless problems . This book is the beginning of a great series .
 This book is one of the best I 've ever read . It includes all the important elements to make it a great story . I love the romance between Eve and Roarke . She is at the top of her career and an important image in the public eye . Roarke is an attractive mutli-billionaire who any woman would want to date . Both of their exciting jobs help to keep the book thrilling . All throughout Eve and Roarke 's relationship , murders are taking place and it 's Eve 's job to stop them . Roarke , who was once the main suspect , gives Eve inside information that helps the case . As Eve continues the search for the killer she finds out just how currupt people can be . The story goes through many twists and turns before you find out who the real killer is . I recommend this book to anyone , even people who do n't like to read . It 'll make a reader out of you .
 I have read one Nora Roberts novel and I hated it . I read everything and eagerly await the new books by JD ROBB . Eve Dallas is the hard working everybody I would like to be . Her job and life have a personal meaning to her . Not always good or happy either . Meeting the right person throws her life in chaos and she struggles with the pessure of keeping her life together while she opens her heart . I love the slightly futuristic feel to the series . JD ROBB has managed to create a great cop story with great mysteries . It also uses the half century gain to highlight the possible scenarios of some societies easy out policies like gun control and other `` hot '' issues .
 Loved the first book of this series . Roberts left plenty of room for development , and I look forward to reading the next .
 Picked this series up a while back and have been enthralled with it ever since . Great story , amazing plots , fascinating characters . Love it !
 I love this series ! Every time I finish a book , I ca n't wait to pick up the next one . Perfect blend of mystery , suspense , romance and emotion . Not too mention laugh out loud funny ! I highly recommend this to any reader . It is so wonderful , I have read the books numerous times , even purchased the same one more than once !
 I do n't read alot of mysteries , but when I find an author whose work I like , I tend to read all of them . A good friend recommended this to me recently , and now I 'm hooked ! Oh , great , now I have what looks like several dozen to read : - DStrong female protagonist , well written , just slightly futuristic . Should appeal to fans of contemporary mysteries and police procedurals , as well as SF fans .
 This book is totally worth a read , whether you think you like mysteries set in the future , or not.I 've never really been in to science fiction until I tried this series . You do n't HAVE to read them in order , but this is the first one , and sets up some of the parameters for future books -LRB- relationships between characters , mostly -RRB- . One of my favorite things is that the author does n't inundate you with details about how the future looks different than the present , she unfolds the details a few at a time with appropriate spacing . None of it feels like you are reading a long description of an unfamiliar world.The mystery in this book is good and left me guessing . Because there is some sex in the book , I would n't recommend it for anyone under 16 -LRB- just a general guideline , obviously -RRB- . I recommend this series if you like mysteries , a strong female lead character , stories set in the future , or well written books .
 I special ordered because a friend had recommended this in order to understand the whole series . She was right and I 'm glad I did .
 I received this book in great condition . The shipping was fast as well.I would definitely by from this seller again . I have just discoveredthis series and did n't know it was a series . After I read a couplei realized I needed the first one to answer some questions . I could n'tfind where I live . And I read it the next day.Thank you .
 A must read . A excellent start to a excellent series , this book is hard to put down . J.D. Robb out did herself yet again .
 I have read multiple books from this author and like most of them . This one especially . Highly recommended if you like this genre .
 Love all J. D. Robb books keep you guessing all the time . Ca n't put the book down once you read the first chapter .
 After much debate and just diggin my heels in to NOT commit to such a long series , I lost . Big time . And happily so , darnnit . I had heard of this great love story between Eve & Roarke and have been piqued ever since , but a long series did NOT excite me and 30 + books is definitely a commitment ! But a friend had the series to borrow so , I thought that was better . And halfway through reading I was looking for the books to the best of my frugal ability , because I Knew I was hooked ! Eve is not a typical heroine ; Her story is gut-wrenching but without pity as the woman can take care of herself just fine . Meeting a man like Roarke was definitely not in the agenda , and she has to cope with her steely rules as an officer against pure , raw passion . This first book in the series definitely set the tone for the ones that follow - not for the weak as the heroine is a top homicide detective . If there was n't any romance , it 'd be hard for me to swallow . But OH , there is so no worries there ! I ca n't wait to go through the series to see how their relationship develops , as well as read the intriguing mysteries that Eve Dallas will have to solve along the way . I bow in defeat to JD Robb ; it was a good fight while it lasted ! ; -RRB-
 I love the futuristic world she 's created here . Take one edgy cop with a chip on her shoulder and match her up with the sexiest man ever created and then make them both believable . Pop them both into a future world that is intelligently extrapolated from our current one and set them head to head . THEN ... let 's have the most impossibly perfect man stick around and marry her and you 've got the sub-plot of the entire series . In the foreground , you 've got great cop mystery complete with a unique serial killer in each book.The blend of characters and plots is enchanting , but bring your rocky road ice cream and fuzzy slippers out for this series .
 A futuristic story of passion , murder , and good old fashioned moralsIn Death takes the readers on a journey to the future where you can fly to outer space in a matter of moments get from point A to point B in a blink of an eye and fall in love with a suspect in a murder investigation.Eve Dallas is female detective in the year 2058 , she has a shady past that she does n't want to remember , a career that is her passion and a ruthless killer on the street that she needs to catch before another murder takes place . The killer knows that Eve is the lead investigator thus leaving packages in her high tech home revealing the murders . The Killer is killing prostitutes , licenced champions one which has a famous Senator as grandfather On the way through the future we meet scandalous government officials and sneaky sidekicks and a handsome business man with secrets of his own As the story unfolds we see Eve mistrusting the main suspect Roake then getting to know him better in passion , hot sex and love.It 's a good book I knew the outcome of who done it though before it was reveledIn Death has all the qualities of a great book , Sex , Murder , and a female who does n't take any crap from no oneA Quick read that will keep you turning pages ...
 In the beginning ... Eve met Roarke.This is my FIRST Nora Roberts/JD Robb book ! I finally broke down and got Naked in Death on audio from the library . I am so glad that I did . While I did n't think I would enjoy a Futuristic Romantic Suspense , I did . The future that JD Robb made is quite creative and was very entertained . Let me just say that the reader is THE BEST reader I have ever heard on audio . Roarke 's Irish voice is amazing and she brings life to all the characters . I do n't know if I would have liked this book as much if had I read it . I am already listening to Glory in Death and got Immortal in Death from the library , I want to find out what happens to Eve and Roarke .
 I came to Amazon last week searching for a book with steamy romance , a good murder mystery and an interesting plot ... and I got exactly what I was looking for !! From the very first page , this book held my interest and I could not put it down . It kept me up way past midnight and I enjoyed every second.The story is set in 2058 New York City . Guns are relics of the past and so it is a surprise when a high class prostitute and grand daughter of a senator is found shot to death by a .38 . Det. Eve Dallas is assigned as lead investigator and soon the body count starts to rise . There are many suspects , and Eve takes a particular interest in Roarke , a tall , dark and handsome millionaire . As the mystery grows , so does their romance and Eve must battle with her desire for Roarke and her duty to solve the case.This was my first introduction to Nora Roberts -LRB- aka JD Robb -RRB- and now I 'm asking myself what took me so long ! The writing is superb and she 's a master at mixing HOT , steamy romance with mystery and suspense . Eve is a tough , complex , vulnerable and respectable heroine , and I found her to be a layered and deep character , unlike some of the perfunctory , one-dimensional heroines in other novels . And I can already tell that there 's more to Roarke as well . This is the first book in the series and if it is any indication of what 's to come , I ca n't wait to read more . Great read !
 Just got acquainted with JD Robb books and her great character , Eve Dallas . They are terrific ! Then , had to get the first one . It is as good as the latest . It is so dramatic , interesting and detailed . Set in the future , it is a taste of Scifi with a main course of plain old detective work from any century.Now I am hooked and look forward to all the others.I recommend Naked In Death and all Robb novels ...
 I have to say , I liked just about everything about this book , save for Roarke . He came off as a smug , smothering , creep . As the saying goes , money does n't buy manners.Eve and her universe felt very real , making her a compassionate character . I 'll probably check out other entries in this series , just to see what she 's up to . Overall , this was a fairly enjoyable read . It was a bit slow in a few spots , but other than that , flowed well . It 's easy to see how the Death series is on the must-read lists of mystery and romance readers .
 Nora or JD , the lady can write and I think the IN DEATH series is her best yet .
 I love this series and have read all of them todate.I purchased this first one for friend to start her reading them.Bravo J.D.Robb -LRB- Nora Roberts -RRB- for writing this series .
 Wonderful ! This is the first book where Eve meets Roarke . . GREAT !
 Naked in death starts out a really great series ! Nora Roberts writes these under the name of JD ROBB . I did just start this series as I read everything I can get my hands on from Nora . If you are a new reader , you do need to start with this book and work your way through . I did n't start here first and she really builds the characters through each story that if you do n't start from the beginning you miss a lot . I went back and am now starting from the beginning . This series is not Nora 's romance format . Of course there is romance in there ! This series is a mystery style . It takes place in NYC in the year 2058 . When people do travel '' off planet '' and prostitution is legal . Your car drives you and you have '' auto chefs '' in house , car , even your office . The way ROBB writes about the future this is truly believable . Lt. Eve Dallas is a tough woman . She is strong , independent , and she truly fights and believes in her job as homicide detective . In this book she finds her main suspect a billionaire name Roarke . He is very charming , Irish , has lived a little on the edge , rich , and good-looking ! Eve has now found her match . Roarke did n't have the ideal childhood either and they make the most wonderful couple . This is an excellent series , and keeps you entertained and you do n't want to put the book down . Robb does a great job in making the who done it a total surprise ! I highly recommend this entire series you will truly be delighted It is awesome !!!
 The '' ... in Death '' series starts with Naked in Death a futuristic series set in New York City in the year 2058 . The star of the series is Lt. Eve Dallas a tough as nails female homicide detective who fights for the rights of the victims of murder.Eve finds the main murder suspect , a billionaire named Roarke who walks a fine line between legal and illegal , to be just a little bit too attractive for her comfort . He 's Irish , gorgeous , and very charming.This series is written by Nora Roberts under the name J.D. Robb . Do n't confuse the romance novels usually written by Ms. Roberts with this series . The '' ... in Death '' series is a far cry from her usual romance story . The series is excellent and I would recommend you read all the books beginning with this one , Naked in Death .
 I could not put this book down . Eve and Roarke are the hottest couple in print today . I love the mystery but I love the romance even more . These two are so hot I 'm surprised the book does n't go up into flames in my hands . I have reread Naked In Death at least three times and it never gets old . The whole series is great but start with Naked and go in order because it 's better that way . Roarke is the ideal lover . Rich , powerful , dangerous , sexy and totally in love with Eve Dallas . Now that is one lucky woman ! Eve is a great heroine . She is smart , brave , independent and loyal . At the same time she has a past that makes her vulnerable , too . She is a real person not some flat character . I can not wait for Loyalty In Death to come out . The only bad thing is I finish them so fast . Keep writing about Eve and Roarke , Nora Roberts . Your fans will be forever grateful .
 `` Naked In Death '' is the first book in J. D. Robb 's Eve Dallas mystery series . I have been hearing positive things about these books for a long time , and now , after reading this terrific novel , I understand why.New York City , 2058 CE , are the time and setting of `` Naked in Death . '' Robot drones and voice activated machines do menial work , i.e. , clean house , serve meals ; there is a total ban on guns , -LRB- the police use lasers -RRB- ; major improvements have been made in medicine and technology , with advancements in genetics -LRB- and strong genetic control -RRB- ; airbuses for public transportation have replaced subways ; tele-links replace telephones - it 's not a `` brave new world , '' yet ... but there are definite pluses midway into the 21st century . Minor armed skirmishes have taken place between China and the US , and France had another revolution which lasted for a few years . The overpopulated world has more limited resources - real coffee is rare and way too expensive , as is beef and other fresh meat . Robb has not written a sci-fi series , however . Far enough into the future to make the storyline more interesting , 2058 's world is still easily recognizable.Lieutenant Eve Dallas of the NYPSD is called to a murder scene where a young licensed companion , -LRB- a legalized prostitute -RRB- , has been brutally murdered with an antique handgun from the 20th century . The victim , Sharon DeBlass , is from a very prominent family - her grandfather is a US senator . An angry man who preaches morality and leads an ultra conservative branch of his party , the senator would like to totally suppress the case , and perhaps even run the investigation himself . According to friends and relatives , Ms. DeBlass apparently chose her career not only because she liked sex , she did not need the money , but because she was rebelling against her family and strict upbringing . A note was found under her body with the printed words , `` ONE OF SIX . '' So , was the perpetrator a serial killer warning that there were to be five more murders ? One of the prime suspects is a sexy Irish billionaire named Roarke . We never learn whether this is his first or last name . Perhaps if one is a billionaire , especially a tall , dark and handsome , with an Irish brogue , billionaire , it does n't matter . He is quickly cleared of suspicion , and he and Eve embark on a stormy , intense romance - but not before murder # 2 occurs.Eve , although a tough cop who made Lieutenant before the age of 30 , is also very vulnerable . She does n't remember the early years of her life , but knows that she was sexually , physically and emotionally abused by her father , then abandoned at age eight and left to the mercies of Children 's Services . She has made her work her life , and letting Roarke get close to her is a first.Happiness is discovering another excellent series - and from what I have read , this looks like a winner ! The writing is tight , as is the plot - an excellent and complex mystery . I really like the characters , Eve , definitely , Roarke - who lives up to his description , Feeney , Eve 's partner , and Eve 's chanteuse friend Mavis . I ca n't wait to pick-up book two , `` Glory In Death . `` JANA
 Naked in Death is the first of several titles in this terrific series and I highly recommend you read the books in order . -LRB- If not , it can get confusing trying to understand progressive storylines and relationships . -RRB- Set in the not too distant future , the main character Eve Dallas is a tough NY city cop investigating the murder of a female licensed companion -LRB- prostitution is now legalized -RRB- . Complicating her investigation , is her growing attraction to the prime murder suspect - the enigmatic , handsome billionaire Roarke.The book has something for everyone
 The book Naked In Death , by J.D. Robb is the first book of a futuristic series , taking place in New York City in the year 2058 . Lt. Eve Dallas , a cop for 10 years , has dedicated all of her energy and most of her time toward bringing justice to those who are murdered and finding their ruthless killers . Eve has been put on a code five-murder investigation . One of the murder suspects is a suductive Irish billionaire , Roarke . Eve finds herself in a situation that she has never been in before . She has fallen in love . This causes a great deal of confusion and mixed feelings . Dallas is constantly jumping through hoops trying to get one step closer to cracking the case . She has to meet with the senator , interview suspects , go through testing , and deal with personal problems . Naked In Death is one of the best books that I have ever read . It fascinated me to learn that a female played the role of a very well respected homicide dective . The book is full of mystery and romance , which makes it a definite page-turner . It moves at a fast pace leaving no space for boredom . I strongly advise everyone who loves romance entwined in suspence to read this inviting novel .
 I love this book so much ! Ever since I discovered this series I have been rereading them over and over again . From Naked in Death to Loyalty in Death , I have enjoyed all 9 of these books -LRB- plus one short story -RRB- , but Naked in Death is by far my favorite . Eve Dallas is such a strong , capable woman , and Roarke is sexy , rich , and so sweet . This murder-mystery/romance is steamy , surprising , and a keeper .
 The '' . . in Death '' series was one of the best series I 've ever read . Kudos to Nora Roberts , aka J.D. Robb . The first book in this series `` Naked in Death '' is about a serial killer who had offed three prostitutes with no apparent connections , except for a drop-dead gorgeous billionare named Roarke . When Eve Dallas -LRB- the female protagonist of the story -RRB- went to investigate this connection she finds herself in a situation she has never faced before and is terrified of , she finds herself falling in love . What I most enjoyed about this book was the fact that it portrayed relationships soo acurately . It was filled with fear of being overly-dependant on each other , and many other emotions that other authors just never get to . It 's always the protagonist meeting his/her `` soulmate '' and fighting evil together . Not with Eve Dallas and Roarke , these were two very down to earth characters , thats what kept me reading . I plan to read all nine books in the series , you should too . I promise , this series will not disappoint .
 It does n't matter how many times I 've read it -LRB- going on half a dozen or more now -RRB- , I just ca n't put it down ! Every time a new one comes out , it seems to feed that Eve/Roarke fix for a little while but it 's comforting to know I can always go back to the beginning to re-live how it it all started .
 The futuristic setting of J.D. Robb 's -LRB- Nora Roberts ' -RRB- `` In Death '' books kept me from starting this series , despite being an avid Roberts reader for years -LRB- lots of years -RRB- . I 've never been a fan of novels set in the future . As it turns out , I was remarkably short-sighted . With the proven ability to write taut romantic thrillers , Roberts -LRB- Robb -RRB- adds an intriguing layer to her storytelling and peppers this solid police procedural with glimpses of the advancements in society and technology in the year Eve Dallas and Roarke live in -LRB- 2053 -RRB- ... and even more intriguing , the things that have n't changed - most importantly , human nature in all its horror and glory . It 's a strong book with very interesting characters , and while you find out more about Eve than you do about Roarke , who remains a bit of an enigma at this point , there 's a solid start to an enticing , heartwarming relationship.All in all , I 'm glad I finally got around to starting the much touted In Death series and while the futuristic aspects will never be my favorite thing , I truly enjoyed the start of the series and am looking forward to more . 4.5 Stars .
 For years I have avoided this series like it was the plague . I am not a Nora Roberts fan . I 've never really found anything enjoyable about her books and feared that these books would leave me feeling the same way . However , when I became involved with an online bookclub , everyone was raving about this series so I figured to take the chance and ordered Naked in Death . I am so glad that I did . I absolutely adored this book and have already gotten the next three in the series . I can not believe I waited so long to try this series.Naked in Death tells the story of Lieutenant Eve Dallas in the year 2058 -LRB- something that was at first a little difficult to get used to -RRB- . Eve is investigating a high profile murder of the granddaughter of a US Senator . The book is full of a number of twists and turns that will leave you guessing until the very end . However , one of the best parts of the book is the introduction of Roarke . He is so strong and sexy . He 'd definitely be one of those book characters I 'd like to meet in real life -LRB- I 'm sure hubby would love to hear that ... lol -RRB- .
 Call me bi-curious . No , not in that way . I 'm talking in the way of romance books.I 'm a red-blooded American male . I write mysteries , I read mysteries , SF , thrillers , history , food tomes , almost everything but romance books . Up until now , I 've always thought of romance books as trite throwaways that contain a couple of good sex scenes . Read those and forget about the rest of the book.But something happened about a month ago
 After 20 + books over 10 + years , I decided it was high time to go back to where it all began -- NAKED IN DEATH.Here , author J.D. Robb -LRB- aka best-selling author Nora Roberts -RRB- introduces us to NYPSD Lieutenant Eve Dallas , a force in her own right , and one of the trickiest cases yet . The granddaughter of a Senator has been brutally murdered , and the perpetrator promises that five more bodies are to follow . As Eve races against the clock to save more women from dying , she also must contend with her own feelings for Roarke , a self-made billionaire who early on is a suspect in the murders.If you have n't read any of the '' ... IN DEATH '' books , I highly recommend them to anyone who enjoys romantic suspense . The mystery and the romance are evenly balanced , Eve and Roarke are definitely intriguing characters , and the story just never gets old.Going back to this first story in the series after having been a fan so long , I was grateful to be reminded of the meaning behind the gray button , how Galahad came into the picture , and how Somerset 's attitude has been the same from the beginning.NAKED IN DEATH is a winner , and you 'll be happy to know that when you finish reading it , there are 24 more stories already published in the series . Happy Reading !!
 I have read several of the books in the `` In Death '' series , specifically the later installments and for a while , have intended to read the beginning to see how the series evolved . `` Naked in Death '' was a wonderful building block for a series that I have grown to love . This books starts the evolution of the passionate relationship between Eve and Roarke . We see their acceptance of each other and their desire to find in each other something that they desire . They are willing to risk their hearts for love.We are introduced to other characters that appear frequently in later installments , but who I had no idea of how they joined the cast of a well developed series . It also explains that when we first meet Eve , she has hidden her secret in her subconscious and has no idea the impact that it would have on her future . We meet Mavis -LRB- Eve 's best friend who is not yet the hip `` Vid '' star yet , but whose career is on the rise -RRB- ; Dr. Mira , who is pushing Eve to remember a past that she has chosen not to remember ; Charles Monroe , a licensed companion -LRB- i.e. , high class prostitute -RRB- who is later the love of Louise 's life -LRB- Louise being one of her dearest friends -RRB- . Sideline ... I never would have known that Charles hit on Eve first , in a million years , called her Lieutenant `` Sugar Pants '' and even offered to give her a `` freebie '' . -LSB- For those who follow the series , you will find that extremely surprising . -RSB- And finally , we meet the ever present Feenie , Eve 's mentor and father figure -LRB- He even treats Roarke like a father who is dating his daughter . It is cute and they eventually come to an understanding -RRB- . We see Summerset and how his relationship with Eve evolved , and find out how she comes into possession of Galahad , the peculiar cat , that is throughout every novel in the series . And most of all , we see Eve evolve into the woman that she becomes in `` Innocent in Death '' . I guess I should mention the whole murder angle in the story . Eve is out to determine who is killing licensed LCs with antiquated weapons . The first victim is the granddaughter of a well connected Senator . On top of that , the man that Eve finds irresistable is a suspect . However , following her heart and believing in someone for the first time , is not easy . Unprepared for love , Eve navigates unchartered waters.I do intend to read a few of the others because I know that Peabody and McNab have to make their appearances in the next book or two because I see her in Immitation in Death . This will be the summer of fun reads .
 Nora Roberts -LRB- writing as J. D. Robb -RRB- has written a great series with the In Death books . This is the first of the series and is absolutely wonderful . I have alrady listened to or read all of this series that has been published but am purchasing them on CD now so I can listen to them again . You will love the characters that are in all of these books . Eve Dallas is a police office who is very dedicated to her job , her love interest is Roarke , a multi-millionare you will fall in love with ; then there is Peabody , her assistant who wants to be a detective , and Summerset , Roarke 's butler . This issue covers murders due to illegal substances . You wo n't find a single issue of this series that you will not enjoy and try to help Eve solve the murder .
 The book was great and i 'm not usually a fan of mysteries but i loved the book so much , i 'm getting the entire set . i continually reread them and i can still enjoy them .
 This was the best book by J.D. Robb yet . . I had not read the beginning of this series and picked up and read some of her older books , but this book was excellent and I can wait to read more of the original books in order ! Highly recommend !
 In order to fully understand the series , you must start at the beginning . Learn how Eve and Roarke meet , and how he wins his reluctant cop . She does not make it easy for him and he is not used to having to pursue , -LRB- although he is very good at it . -RRB- Eve must trust her judgement and puts her carreer on the line to find a murderer , while tring to clear Roarke who has been set up . This book introduces us to several charactors that we will see later in the series . -LRB- Charles Monroe , Crack , and Dr. Mira -RRB-
 This is the first of the In Death series of books by J.D.Robb -LRB- Nora Roberts -RRB- . Love the characters , love the writing style and have read all the books in the series -LRB- in order - best way to do it , really -RRB- . There is a new one just out , Delusion in Death , and you better believe that I 'll be all over it .
 Interesting story that maintains your attention with interesting characters . Enjoy the futuristic setting and that the main characters in Ms. Robbs `` death '' books remain the same .
 This is the second time I read Naked in Death and loved it just as much . I read every book in the In Death series and could not put them down . I was happy to find this series after all these years so I did n't have to wait for the next one to become available . Chose to read Naked in Death after the last book in series because I was so sad I finished them all .
 If you are looking for a good action packed page turning book . . JD Robb 's death series is for you . I love them . I cant stop !
 I like JD very well . Sometimes it seems like she is on the same plot over and over with variations for background
 I love j d robb . I have been reading out of order cause a friend was given me the hard cover books . He never gave the first one . I could n't quite to get it . I am so glad I did n't .
 This is my go-to series - always a good read . Dallas is kick@$$ and books are very entertaining . No superhuman abilities here and a tough life has only made her tougher . Not good for kids but character has good ethics .
 I have found this series quite entertaining . The character of Eve Dallas is becoming one of my heros , as she is not only strong , but quick witted and a force of her own . In Naked in Death I finally got the backstory of how she and Roarke found each other and what they went through to get together . I am enjoying these books very much and look forward to continuing the series very much .
 A luscious appetizer in a rich feast of a series , this book launched a lead character who unmistakably speaks to the strong woman in all of us . Eve Dallas , reminiscent of the hard-boiled detectives of fiction in the fifties , exhibits the bravery and assertiveness we all would like to possess to blow back on the slackers and con artists who clutter our paths , bulldoze through obstacles that keep us from doing our jobs , and grab onto the promise of a deep emotional relationship even when logic says it 's a bad bet . In this first installment , readers get to watch the crass , callus , self-sufficient cop struggle with surfacing memories of a terrifying childhood while navigating the political minefield of a sensitive case as it shockingly unfolds . And we get to see the beginning of her relationship with Roarke , a capricious and mystifying foil for her by-the-book stubbornness . An immensely enjoyable book - sit back , relax and enjoy this one !
 Recommended by a book reader on another site , Interesting story line and plot , set in the future with all the electronic gizmos and gadgets . Keeps you turning the page , trying to figure out who Roarke is . Tidbits of Eve Dallas coming out slowly , parts of the story slowing down to a crawl then picking up again . I wanted to read the last three pages half way through the story but did n't . Enjoyable and worth the time to read it ... love Eve Dallas attitude . . not impressed with the wealthy folks she has to come into contact with . Loved her excitement over a real cup of coffee . As for Roarke ... secrets to be uncovered .
 No . # 1 Naked IDEve Dallas is a New York police lieutenant hunting for a ruthless killer . In over ten years on the force , she 's seen it all - and knows that her survival depends on her instincts . And she 's going against every warning telling her not to get involved with Roarke , an Irish billionaire - and suspect in Eve 's murder investigation . But passion and seduction have rules of their own , and it 's up to Eve to take a chance in the arms of a man she knows nothing about - except the addictive hunger of needing his touch.Well I Started Reading `` Big Jack '' then `` Fantasy in death '' then book 11 to 17 then I ordered 1 thur 7 I love Relationship Between Eve & Roarke and wanted to See How they met and Got Together And I WAS N'T Disappointed ... Not at All !!
 I have most of the recent In Death books but am having a hard time finding the older ones . Was thrilled to find this one on Amazon and the price was perfect . Read it and love it and am now on a quest for # 2 through # 17 .
 One of her early books in this series and it was very good . I knew what to expect because I have read all of the latest books by J D Robb .
 I purchased this book for my sister to encourage her to start reading the series if she likes the material . I am hoping she does because Robb 's -LSB- Roberts ' -RSB- Eve Dallas and her husband , manservant , earnest and capable detective understudy and her geek cop sleek manboy , whacky songstress and straight fashion designer , dynomite/weird cosmotolgist , her police mentor , her serene police profiler/psychiatrist friend , her erstwhile newscaster , and her cat have all come together for my entertainment and appreciation . And Eve , from a troubled and horrific past , is one hell of a crime fighter , a good cop with attitude . And like Temperance in the TV series `` Bones '' , she is befuddled and dazed by her being loved by friends she had never had before and thought she would ever have -LSB- or need -RSB- . The love between her and Roarke is charming and fun , touching as they support one another through recall of their wretched , nightmare childhoods amid present day crime . Its progress is interesting , poignant , and laugh-provoking enjoyment . Murder is the subject of each new book , but the interaction , growth , strength , care , loving , pride , honor , humor , skills and interaction between characters which is written with wit , charm and smooth humor is the reason to come back for more.If you like TV 's Beckett in `` Castle '' you are going to love Dallas even more.In short , it is one of those sets of books in series that keeps you wanting to come back for more and sincerely appreciate Ms. Robb 's -LSB- Roberts ' -RSB- ability to recreate events in the future New York -LSB- and enjoyment here in the future Maine -RSB- . Do this thing , you will not regret it .
 I am and have been a huge Nora Roberts fan for many years . Despite this , I have never read any of her J. D. Robb books because I was not into science fiction as I imagined futuristic books would be . I was finally convinced to try her after reading `` Hot Rocks '' and the J.D. Robb sequell , `` Big Jack '' . I enjoyed `` Big Jack '' so much that I looked around for the other J. D. Robb books - I read two out of order and was hooked - I have now just finished `` Naked in Death `` and the second in the series , `` Glory in Death '' . I love this series and frankly , I like the in Death series better than the Nora Roberts romance books . This series has romance , a great female lead , a great male lead , and some of the best mystery writing I have yet to enjoy . To top it off , since I have waited so long , there are plenty of books in the series to keep me busy for a long time ... I am addicted to these books and can not wait to start the next one .
 I 've never been to big on mysteries . But this was such a page turner that I 'm now working my way through the whole seres . I just got a Kindle and this was bought for me as a gift . I love it .
 Loved the slightly over-the-top characters , the blend of mystery and romance with a touch of futuristic sci-fi . I also enjoyed the occasional shifts in perspective . Unfortunately , I do n't see much of that newer books -LRB- and maybe why I seem to have a preference for older ones -RRB- . The author handled the shifts in perspective beautifully ; I never had any doubt whose perspective I was getting and the insight made me feel like an insider . It was n't overused , either , just slipped in here and there where it was helpful.Eve was a great heroine , tough enough and vulnerable enough , just like her love interest . The violence was a little graphic for me , but certainly within the expected bounds of the police procedural genre . I 'll definitely be picking up the next one in the series .
 What an amazing series of books . Steamy sex , intriguing mysteries , great writing , well-drawn characters . Every book in the series is fantastic and gets a 5 + star rating from me ! Read them all !
 This is the first J.D. Robb novel I 've read , and I ca n't wait to start the next one ! Eve Dallas is a strong main character , yet does n't overpower the rest of the gang . Roarke is so mysterious that I am anxious to see what he 's up to next . I am glad that Eve finally warmed up to him rather than dragging out that story line like a washed out soap-opera . They make a great team.Good story line , fast paced , and fun to read . I would recommend this book to anyone who enjoys murder-mysteries .
 I love all of Nora Roberts books and was curious about this type of book for her , writing as JD Robb . Needless to say she does n't let you down . I 've read the entire series so far and have enjoyed each book . I 'm now collecting the audioooks and listen to them at work or where ever . Though , I 've read the books , I enjoy listening to the tapes and look forward to each new one that comes out . I hope all of the books will evenually be on tape . They are definitely keepers .
 The first book in the series , Naked in Death , introduces the detective Eve Dallas . Juggleing her personal and work life Eve is involved with a heavy and complex murder mystery while trying to push away the love of her life , Roarke . I also read Betrayal of Death which was another great book by Roberts .
 The mystery genre is no stranger to continuing series . As always , it is always best to start with Book 1 . `` Naked in Death '' marks the debut of the NYPD detective Eve Dallas . J.D. Robb -LRB- though the book covers now proudly proclaim that best-selling author Nora Roberts is the name behind the pseudonym -RRB- takes readers into the near , but quite different , future . There is a ban on handguns , prostitution is legal , and -LRB- perhaps most disturbingly -RRB- coffee is very hard to come by . But no need to worry in 2058 , there is still plenty of mayhem and murder . The `` In Death '' series is billed as `` romantic/suspense '' and soon our hard-nosed heroine finds herself tracking down a serial killer and , less successfully so , fending off a lady killer - and one of the primary suspects - the charmingly confident billionaire , Roarke.For those readers -LRB- myself included -RRB- who might be put off that this is written by a romance author , there is no real need to worry . While there is some steaminess in the bedroom , it takes a secondary role to the mystery/suspense part . However , one minor issue I had -LRB- and perhaps this is a holdover from the romance genre -RRB- was Eve Dallas 's duality - she is a tough , competent , hard boiled cop but all too often seems to be saved -LRB- and easily seduced -RRB- by Roarke . It would have been nice if this otherwise independent woman was not so prone to having the `` white knight '' ride to the rescue time and time again.Nevertheless , `` Naked in Death '' satisfied my need for a quick and entertaining read . I plan on continuing onto the next novel , `` Glory In Death . '' Just a warning for those new to `` In Death '' series , avoid reading the critical blurbs at the front of this book as they contain some plot `` spoilers '' for novels later in the series .
 Really good mystery story . Easy to read sicence fiction written by Nora Roberts under the name of J D Robb . I reccomend it to all Nora Roberts fans as well as all mystery fans .
 I have read every one of J.D.Robb 's mystery series with Lt. Eve Dallas & her gorgeous Irish rogue husband , Roarke . I loved every one of them and am looking forward to the latest installment in this terrific series . If you are looking for mystery , excitement and some steamy love scenes , this is a great series to read ! I could not put any of these books down ! Even though I 've never read any of Nora Roberts other books , I would highly recommend you read these books . Mystery fans will love her futuristic view of New York . Enjoy them all !
 I must say that I love all of the books in this series . I started with the latest one , Judgement in Death , and then went back to the first one . There is a basic outline that is similar -LRB- if not the same -RRB- in each book in this series , but there are twists and turns in each book that leave you wondering who the real killer actually is . Also , along with the mystery there is a little romance thrown in . From start to finish of each book , characters are developed and you get more insight into how each one thinks as well as how other characters view each other . Each book in the series in a good read and each one had me captivated wanting to read and read all day because I did n't want to put the book down . So , if you like mystery , romance , and kind of miss your favorite characters when there 's only one book to read about them , this is a good series for you .
 1st . of what I hope will be a long lived series ! Introducing Eve Dallas , a NY City cop Tough , sexy , gritty , `` Cares more than she should '' . As she meets Billionaire Roarke , that 's right just Roarke , Irish rogue , quite the scalawag . Eve must fight her way through to find a killer , deal with growing attraction to said rogue . It 's so fun watching them deal with this `` Grand Passion '' neither expects nor wants . Nice and Spicy , Great mystery , real page tuner . This book has made me go and look for Nora Roberts books , she makes romance interesting , and never more so than here .
 I really enjoyed this book . When I bought the first one , I also bought # 's 2,3 , and 8 from the used book store I deal with . I was told at that time that all of that series is very good . After reading # 1 , I immediately called and told them to save 4,5,6 and 7 for me . I had NO doubts that I would enjoy ALL OF THEM . The only quirp I had with this one is that every house Eve went into was spotless -LRB- NOTHING out of order -RRB- . Be sure to read this book . It is excellent .
 Nora Roberts has done it again , weaving a fantastic story , with endearing characters.This is one of two series that I consistently re-read because there will never be another series quite like this one.Roberts creates a world 50 years in the future . One futuristic enough for those who like to travel forward , but still grounded in the `` real '' world . Roberts is a word painter , her words create a such incredible characters and descriptions that while reading I am I feel like I am standing in New York with airbusses flying overhead.Each book in this series delves deeper and deeper into the lives of the characters , where when a reader like me picks up a new book , I feel like I am catching up with old friends , not just reading a story . Their lives and how they love is a beautiful story and I 'm sorry for the reviewer who said that Eve was weak , because Eve is one of the strongest characters I 've read in a long time , and just because she leans on the man in her life does n't make her weak , in my opinion that makes her stronger . Knowing that she ca n't handle everything on her own . It takes a stronger person to admit that than it does to try and do it all on your own , and I praise Roberts for enough foresight to know her characters before even beginning writing a book . This will always be a # 1 recommendation for me . I 've gotten 3 friends addicted to this series , because as I said at the beginning there will never be another .
 Naked in Death is such a good book ! I have n't read all of the ... In Death books yet , but I most definently intend to . The suspense , plot , romance , and over all storyline were amazing . I give J.D Robb a heartfelt thank you for writing the books in this series .
 Nakes in Death is gutsy , tough , gritty and brilliant . Seldom is the mixture of suspense and romance as wonderfully done as in this book . We also get to see the `` toys '' we might use in sixty years . I bought this and devoured it in one day . Eve and Roarke are engaging characters , and thankfully , there are just more and more books about them .
 This is the 1st book in a long running series . You will be hooked!In this book we meet Lt. Eve Dallas of the New York Police and Security Department . The year is 2058 . I am a huge Nora Roberts fan and I have to admit I put off reading this book for a long time because the futuristic theme frightened me off . I am not a fan of futuristic or Sci-Fi . I have to say I was more than pleasantly surprised with this story . Lt. Dallas is trying to find a serial killer when the name Roarke keeps coming up in her investigation . Roarke is a handsome multi billionaire from Ireland with what appears to be virtually no past . While all the clues keep leading back to him something just does n't fit . Eve 's gut says he is not the killer.This is a fast past suspense book with a red hot romance . You will not want to put it down and you will want to read more about all the characters created in this book .
 Eve Dallas was a New York police lieutenant who was very good at her job - sometimes too good . She never told anyone how she had nightmares about all of the victims that she was too late to save and she refused to open up to the psychiatrists at the office . Her last case , where a father hacked up his young daughter into little pieces , continued to haunt her , but , before she had a chance to go in for testing , she was called to work on a priority case with political ramifications . Turns out an expensive , high-class prostitute was murdered , shot three times with an old gun . The catch was that the prostitute was the granddaughter of a US senator who wanted the killer caught and the case filed away so that he could concentrate on his political agenda . Lucky for the victim , Eve does n't give into political pressure ... Eve starts will the prostitute 's clients , of which there are many , and find herself questioning Roarke , a mysterious Irish billionaire who had dinner with the victim the night before she died . Its true that Eve feels an instant physical attraction to Roarke , but she refuses to act on it - she is a professional and she does n't get involved with suspects . Pushing her gut instincts about Roarke aside , Eve tries to be objective in her investigation , but the evidence keeps piling up against Roarke . When two more prostitutes are killed in rapid succession , Eve is under pressure to bring the killer in . With her career on the line , political pressure from the senator and her superiors , Eve can not afford to get involved with someone like Roarke . But how can she ignore the man who makes her feel for the first time in years ... ? Naked in Death is the first in J.D. Robb/Nora Robert 's new In Death series starring Eve Dallas as a police detective . The mystery was made fresh and new by the author 's futuristic setting , where prostitution is legalized and pleasure workers are licensed professionals , guns are obsolete and food is reproduced in a machine , but still familiar and bearing many of the traits that we see in our world today . I was entertained by the author 's attention to detail , such as Eve 's problems with her car 's heater and addiction to real coffee -LRB- which is hideously expensive -RRB- . I also really liked the characters - Eve was really tough , but she had lots of weaknesses to keep her human and likeable . I am interested in learning more about her past and seeing where her relationship goes with Roarke . Roarke was also a great character with a mysterious past , which I assume will be illuminated throughout the series . He is rich , knows exactly what he wants and is n't afraid to go out and get it , but he is still insecure . The mystery was also well written and thought out with plenty of little subplots and red herrings thrown in to keep the reader guessing , however , if you are paying close attention , there are enough clues for you to figure out who killed the women . Well written , detailed with a solid plot and well-drawn characters , Naked in Death is definitely worth your time to read !
 This book , the first in J. D. Robb 's `` In Death '' series , is a futuristic mystery set in New York and featuring police lieutenant Eve Dallas . `` Naked in Death '' grabbed my attention from the first page and did n't let go until the last . This series is addictive.Our detective , Eve , is tough , focused , and just too cool for words . She 's a fascinating character ; she has some real human weaknesses and vulnerabilities , but she also has an awesome amount of will and determination . She made the book for me.This book is action-packed and inventive -- and sexy ! The main suspect/love interest , Roarke , is a wonderful foil to Eve , with his sensuality , charm , and equally strong will ; he 's also very , very hot . The sexual tension between these two just sizzles off the page.My only gripe about the writing
 Hate that I 'm 16 years late finally jumping on the band wagon , but I 'm on board nonetheless : -RRB- This was a wonderful roller coaster ride of mystery , sensuality , and insight.Loved it.On to the next one ... -LRB- followers of this series are also on indeath.net -RRB-
 What can I say about NAKED IN DEATH that has n't been said already ? Well obviously I do n't need to go into the plot because that 's been done to DEATH -LRB- ha -RRB- I will say though that because so many people recommended this book to me and because my friend eventually gave me a copy I did feel somewhat obligated to read it . Robb 's Death series is 30 books long -LRB- and counting -RRB- which is somewhat daunting when starting a new series , so a part of me really did n't want to get hooked on this and for the first hundred pages or so I can honestly say that I did n't . But then something happened , or I should say someone happened . Someone in the form of a charming , mysterious and utterly addictive Irish billionaire and murder suspect named Roarke . Yes , damn his sweet button carrying self but my new literary boyfriend saved this book because quite frankly detective Eve Dallas on her own is n't very likable and I 'm also not really a fan of the police procedurals . It 's the sweetness , romance , patience and delicious mystery of Roarke that will keep me coming back.I also had a hard time understanding why Robb chose to set this in the future -LRB- sort of -RRB- I say sort of because she never went all the way with her future aspect . Sure she mentions in passing a few cool gadgets -LRB- an autochef would really come in handy -RRB- and theres flying cars , robot servants , off world business meetings and plenty of clever new cop toys but except for the legalized prostitution and gun prohibition it 's still the New York we know of today . I just feel that if Robb was going to go for the whole future angle then she should have gone all the way or just not bothered because her BladeRunneresque vision was gimmicky and rather pointless to the story . But that 's just my opinion.Of course theres a lot to like here too ; obviously Robb 's -LRB- Nora Roberts -RRB- writing is top notch and she spins a well planned , easy to read , dark mystery here . Her characters have also been completely fleshed out , in particular Eve . Who although crass , hands off and by the book has enough flaws and skeletons in the closet that you ca n't help but sympathize with her and hope she loosens up a bit and lets a certain someone in . Which brings me back to Roarke . Maybe this quote describes him best , Cheers ! `` You got a button fetish Roarke ? '' `` I 've been carrying this around like a schoolboy carries a lock of his sweetheart 's hair . '' Her eyes came back to his , and something sweet moved through her . Sweeter yet as she could see he was embarrassed . `` That 's weird . '' `` I thought so , myself . '' But he slipped the button back in his pocket . `` Do you know what else I think , Eve ? '' `` I do n't have a clue . '' `` I think I 'm in love with you . '' * Sigh * Yeah so I 'm starting book 2 GLORY IN DEATH as we speak
 I enjoyed this book from start to finish . Robb/Roberts offers great characters , a credible vision of the future and law enforcement , a tightly woven mystery -- and a murderer I did n't suspect . You ca n't ask for more than that in a good novel . I 'm very glad there are many more books in this series .
 I 'm making my way through the In Death series by J.D. Robb -LRB- aka Nora Roberts -RRB- and figured I should start writing reviews for each one as I finish . I want to start off saying it 's so refreshing to see a series with a strong feminine lead . I 've been a loyal fan to the Janet Evanovich Stephanie Plum series , and after being disappointed over and over by the stories and characters I knew I needed a new , strong series with a kick a ** female . Eve Dallas is that female . She 's a NYPD cop in the year 2058 . While I 'm not usually into sci-fi/futuristic novels , I found this totally believable and fascinating . She 's independent , smart , and has very little tolerance for B.S. . While working a murder case , she meets Roarke , the male lead . He 's smart , rich , sexy , a little dangerous , and had an Irish accent -LRB- basically the perfect man -RRB- . Their romance is incredible . I 'm currently reading Rapture in Death -LRB- 4th book in the series -RRB- , and love how the characters are developing , and growing together -LRB- which is something sadly lacking from Evanovich 's Plum series -RRB- . Naked In Death is thrilling , sexy , and exciting . It touches on mature topics , so I 'd keep this from the younger age groups , but is a great read .
 I resisted reading this series because it 's futuristic . That genre simply never appealed to me . However , people kept talking about the awesome J.D. Robb so I caved . It was suggested to me that I read this series in order , so I have . I 've read Naked in Death three times now.The characters are interesting -- conflicted and compelling . Eve and Roarke are well thought out and draw a reader into their world . A world that 's not so different from our present existence . Kudos to Ms. Robb for creating an interesting environment that 's fascinating but still believable . The crime is hideous and seems impossible to solve , even though the suspect list is short.Naked in Death is a good , solid read . As this series progresses , however , the characters deepen and many more noteworthy and loveable characters emerge.If you have n't read the ` in Death ' series , you 're denying yourself hours of entertainment and enjoyment . Take the advice I was given , though , and read them in order.Shelley Dawn , author ofSweet , Sweet JessieandDark Nights
 Review courtesy of Sizzling Hot BooksI was feeling slightly down the other day , and I needed a book to pick me up . One of my comfort series , is the In Death series by J.D. Robb , so I reread Naked In Death . Naked In Death is the first book in the series and is where Roarke and Eve first meet . I love the relationship between Roarke and Eve.Before this series I was not a fan of futuristic novels , but J.D. Robb does a wonderful job creating a believable future world with a romantic twist . I love how she creates a future world , and how different things will be . J.D. put so much thought and planning into creating a different world.Lt . Eve Dallas is tough as nails , but Roarke is her soft spot . The relationship is steamy , which the perfect match to her steel personality . Before meeting Roarke , Eve was by the book and would n't risk her job for anyone . She believed that if she was n't a cop then she was nothing . In Naked in Death Eve risks her badge when it comes to Roarke , she knows he is innocent and has to prove it.Multi-billionaire Roarke is tasty . He is a top specimen of a man , that will have you panting . I loved how Roarke was with Eve . Before they met each other they both thought their lives were complete . Eve did n't believe cops should marry , and Roarke had relationships with women but never let one as close as Eve.Both to Eve 's dismay and delight the murder investigation throws her and Roarke together almost daily . As Eve eliminates him as a suspect , she is drawn to Roarke , and their relationship really starts to heat up . The murderer is somewhat surprising and the first time I read it I did n't catch on until close to the end.No matter how many times I read Naked in Death , I am always rapped up in the story . Naked in Death is an instantly likable , full of action novel that has enough for both mystery and romance lovers . Naked in Death will keep you guessing right until the very end .
 Just love all of JD Robb/Nora Roberts in death series . I highly recommend to all readers . Once I started reading Naked in Death , which is the first in death series , I can not stop . Had to purchase all 30 + books including mini series/short stories related to in death series . You will not get tired of reading books . I started reading series when I got my Kindle in April and I have read every single series at least 4 times . Just ca n't get enough of Eve and Rourke and do n't get tired or re-reading . JD Robb is very good . Series has all , romance , mystery and comedy . Just hope that JD Robb will consider giving Eve and Rourke child/ren of thier own . Make character deal with issues working parents deal with nowadays . I can just imagine how funny series with be with trying to deal with a child . As it is now , whenever Rourke mentions children , Eve panics .
 It took me years to begin reading this series after being asked to do so by others . I could n't have been more surprised !!! Could n't put the book down and promptly ordered the rest in ebook format . It was so addictive that I finished the series in two months . However , I keep coming back to the first . This is a sexy , mysterious and interesting read . You can not help but love the main characters , Lt. Eve Dallas and Roarke . You 'll also appreciate the secondary characters that are added throughout the series . Love this series and it was well worth the wait .
 Nora Roberts writing as J.D Robb ? I 've always been curious considering I 'm a huge fan of her romance novels ... and let me say YES , YES , YES ! I was a little hesitant considering I do like a little `` love '' in my books ; I did n't want to read just an ordinary mystery ... blah , blah , blah , and I was n't let down . `` Naked in Death '' is smokin ' hot ! Nora always takes you to where she wants you to be . Whether it 's to the middle of the ocean , or in this case to the year 2058 . Everything feels so real and different yet so very believable ... almost as if she 's lived in that time.There 's no lack in characters either . Lieutenant Eve Dallas is a spicy , cold and brilliant detective that must find the seriel killer that 's knocking off prostitutes -LRB- LoL ! No pun intended ... well okay , just a little -RRB- , and Roarke is a multi-billionaire busineess man that 's on the short list of suspects ... Sparks literally fly off the pages the instant these two meet ... and with all of Nora 's known for moments you are n't let down.If you 're like me and are a little hesitant on starting this 38 * still choking * book series , let me just say ... if every book is anything like this first one then these books are worth their weight in gold .
 This , the first book of the futuristic `` In Death '' series , finds Eve Dallas trying to track down a possible serial killer that targets prostitutes . In her search for the killer , Eve meets the intriguing , sexy , rich Roarke , who also happens to be a suspect . Roarke stirs feelings in Eve that she did n't even realize was possible . Will Eve be able to act on her feelings without compromising her case?Oh no . I think I 've found a new `` guilty pleasure '' series . This book roped me in right away and did n't let go until I finished . Even though I felt the story was rather predictable , I could n't stop reading . I was worried going in that the futuristic setting would make the book too sci-fi for me to enjoy , but it did n't . I actually found that aspect of the book to be rather interesting . I 've read other books by Nora Roberts in the past , but I think this one is her best of all the ones I 've read . I 'm looking forward to the second installment in the series .
 Nora Roberts -LRB- writing as J.D. Robb -RRB- never fails to amaze & deliver . These are captivating and exciting romance/mystery/suspense stories . However , the best part of these books is the relationship between Eve and Roarke . They are a dynamic , passionate and sensational couple . I 've gone through half of the series after being introduced to them last year and ca n't wait to finish the rest of them .
 I ca n't remember who recommended this series to me , but I 'm thankful they did . This is different from what I 'm used to - a series that follows the same two characters forever just did n't sound that exciting to me . But throw in a perpetually hot romance , a strong relationship in spite of -LRB- and because of -RRB- obstacles , a cast of wonderfully quirky secondary characters , and how can a girl resist ? It was absolutely worth my time to get to know these characters -LRB- they 've become my friends ! -RRB- , and to keep visiting them with each book in the series -LRB- working my way through it -RRB- . A word of advice to newcomers - start the series with this one -LRB- Naked in Death -RRB- . If you jump in the middle of the series , you very likely wo n't enjoy it and will wonder what all the hype is . Just start at the beginning , and get carried away like the rest of us . :-RRB- Oh , and the audiobooks are great , too ! The same reader is used throughout -LRB- so far -RRB- .
 Having read about a half dozen Roberts books of very mixed quality , this is definately my favorite so far . It starts out with the murder of a prostitute , who also happens to be the granddaughter of a conservative senator . The killer has left a note , `` One of Six '' , suggesting a serial killer . Eve Dallas is on the case , and more bodies pop up . While investigating the case , Dallas falls in love with a mysterious businessman known only as Roarke.This time , Roberts does n't waste any time on irrelevant subplots . The story starts from page one and keeps its pace throughout . The romance does not feel gratuitous as in some romantic suspense novels ; it 's well connected to the main plot . `` Naked in Death '' is a quick , entertaining read for romance and -LRB- non-romance -RRB- mystery readers alike .
 30 + dollars for a set of CD 's that my wife would have to swap and keep track of ... no way.This title was on ONE -LRB- 1 -RRB- MP3 Cd , and was easily copied -LRB- no copy protection -RRB- to my wife 's MP3 player and she was listeing to the entire book at night as she worked . No swapping discs , and the original disc stayed in the dvd-like case SAFE . It is the EXACT same version as found on the audio CD.I will definately be buying Books on MP3 if I have a choice in the matter . The convenience AND price makes this a no brainer.The shipping and price was very fair and best of all , IT WAS IN STOCK . AMAZON is fast becoming my first chioce for many things .
 This one gave me the background on Roarke and Eve Dallas . Great summer read .
 It all starts right here with Eve , Roarke , Mavis and the rest of the `` In Death '' family . The cases are serious and this one leads her right to a love she would have never imagined could belong to her . Roarke is absolutely to die for . And , I do n't know of anyone out there who does n't want a gourmet cup of coffee after this book either .
 I love this series ... you must read it to understand . It 's all about a homicide detective named Lt. Eve Dallas and how she goes about solving a case which always seems imposibble to solve at first .
 I discovered this series with `` Divided in Death , '' and the first time I read that book , I had a lot of quibbles with it . As I mention ad nauseam , I go back about 45 years with speculative fiction , a category that the Eve Dallas series can fit into quite nicely . After a second read , the book began to make more sense to me , and I decided to read the series from the beginning . `` Naked in Death '' is , indeed , the beginning , the first book by Nora Roberts as J.D. Robb , featuring Lieutenant Eve Dallas and billionaire Roarke -LRB- he uses the single name only -RRB- . The publisher bills these books as `` romantic suspense '' or `` romantic mystery . '' I would dub them , police procedural / police action / rocky relationship / semi-speculative fiction , with more than a touch of explicit sex . I guess I 'm getting old , but if you 're not up for some heavy sex action between Dallas and Roarke , you had better steer clear of this series.Roberts / Robb has set the series in NYC , beginning in 2058 . Prostitutes are now Licensed Companions , and after the terrors of the Urban Wars in the early 21st century , NYPD is now the New York Police and Security Department . Guns have been banned , but they somehow still managed to be used in the commission of crimes . Our Lieutenant is a ten-year vet of the force , having pulled herself up from a childhood of physical and sexual abuse , which she remembers only dimly at first . She was found broken and bloody in Dallas , Texas , and thus the social agencies named her with something less than cleverness -LRB- shades of Sam Francisco from `` Alien Nation . '' -RRB- . Dallas joined the Police Academy as soon as she was old enough , and by the time of this story is considered a top Homicide investigator at the aptly named Cop Central.I highly recommend that any interested reader start with the first volume , and -LRB- if you stick with the series -RRB- continue in the order of publishing . Roberts/Robb develops her characters and situations as she goes , including the ups and downs of commitment-phobic Eve and commitment-determined Roarke . After I had read the first few books , the things that bothered me about `` Divided in Death '' became more clear.I believe this series is an attempt to fuse the romance , action and SF genres , and I think it is doing a good job of it . Give the first one a try
 If you like sex , murder and a really good mystery , the ` In Death ' Series is a one of a kind . This series is a must-have for anyone who likes to solve a good mystery and enjoy a really juicy story . Here we have Eve Dallas , a Homocide cop for the NYPD . Her character is so real and compelling you ca n't help but fall in love with her , even with her rough-around the edges , no-nonsense attitude . She 's tough , strong and deadly and out to save New York from the sickos of the world , on and off planet . Set in the midst of a futuristic world in the year 2058 , our story begins when a dead woman 's body is found , along with a piece of evidence that leads Eve Dallas to the powerful and darkly sexy Roarke , an Irish billionare who is the richest man on and off the planet , literally . They find themselves thrown together by fate , unwillingly , when more eveidence and leads bring them closer together . The chemistry between these two is hot and spicy enough to make you steamy beneath your collar the entire story . So keep a fan handy ! You 're gon na need it.This book was the beginning of a wonderful series that I proudly own all of the books to so far -LRB- except for one , Orgin in Death -RRB- and strongly suggest to anyone tired of the same fluff and nonsense , grab this book and prepare yourself for the ride of your life !
 I pick up two of these books because Nora Roberts is the author of these futuristic books . I enjoyed them so much I have purchased twelve and is looking forward to getting all of these books in this series . You will fall in love with Rourke and Eve .
 Nearly a decade ago , Nora Roberts ' alter ego J.D. Robb introduced a series with an interesting combination of genres . More than just an old-fashioned romance , it is a romance with a twist
 I loved this book ! The action and romance makes this a page turner ! I cant wait to get my hands on the rest of the series !
 Norah Roberts , writing as J.D. Robb , has once again proved herself to be a gifted wordsmith . With ` Naked in Death ' , the first book of the ` In Death Series ' , the reader is immediately led into the scene and the action , and introduced to the primary characters . Front of stage , with star billing , is Lieutenant Eve Dallas of the New York Police Department . Eve , a product of a fractured childhood and of her time , is committed to her job of protecting the public . Uneasy about building relationships , she is , nevertheless , intensely loyal to her few friends.Set in the future , circa 2060 , there are new systems of transport , new governments - even off planet , new weapons - guns are banned . But the reader is not overwhelmed by these , they are ancillary to the plot and do n't challenge reality as we know it.The hook that catches the reader 's attention is the intensity of the relationships and the speed of the action , and is likely to appeal to both sexes.Crime is interwoven with romance in such a way that the reader is mesmorised and it is impossible to put the book down.Having read the first in the series , it will become imperative to read them all.I 'm certainly hooked.JudyC .
 As a fan of Nora Roberts -LRB- aka J. D. Robb -RRB- for many years , I have only recently discovered Eve Dallas and the `` In Death '' series . Having read several others in this series , by finally reading the first one the others have been brought into perspective . My plans are to read any others in chronological order .
 I had been wanting to start the In Death series by J.D. Robb since 3-4 years ago but everything I pushed the date backwards because the series is getting longer and longer and I am not sure if I can commit myself to start reading this series.I finally started the first book this month and I thoroghly enjoyed it ! The suspense is well written . Although I had already sort of guessed who is the real murderer right from the start of the book , but I was n't able to confirm my suspicion until the end .
 Well written . A very good crime story . Are there any plans to make a movie of the in Death series ? .
 I had this book on cassette but wanted it also on CD . I have most of the books in this series on cassette that I could get , but since they are not making cassette any more I have started to get them again on CD that is how much I love them . Great book but love also the way Susan Ericksen can make them come to life . I hope these books never stop . I wait for each one to come out so I can get a new one .
 Nora , aka J.D. knows how to keep you riveted to your seat while you read the latest adventures of Eve Dallas . I started in the middle of the series but have now gone back to the first book and am working my way through .
 Great read and no slow parts really . Has something for every reader . Great murder series that has some interesting twists and turns . Could n't wait to read the next books in series so I bought them all .
 I have not started this book yet . However , because I have read nearly all of J.D. Robb books I feel very confident in saying it will be a page turner as are all the others .
 In this first book of the series we met Eve Dallas . Eve is a Homiside lieutenant in NYPD and she 's seen and been through some serious stuff . Eve has been alone in her life battered and abused and her only focus is her work!Eve is the kind of heroine that I like , she is collected , she is responsible for her life and actions , she is persistant and she does n't yield to anyone -LRB- well almost to anyone -RRB- . While the story evolves we see different aspects of Eve 's life , we meet her colleagues , we find out what happened during her childhood and we meet the one person who is meant to bring her world down brick by painfully well-build brick Roarke!I really loved the slight futuristic world he characters live in , the world were coffee does n't exists anymore -LRB- and Eve can be totally bribed by a cup -RRB- and the world were a billionaire can built a resort in another planet.The story was evolving almost at 70 % and I did n't have a clue as to who might be the murderer but the constant references to Eve 's past narrowed the criminals by two.This is a good book , one that will make you feel frustrated and angry , one that will make you feel anxious and the kind of book that will make you laugh out loud at the same time .
 a cop , a rich man , love . murder , crazy friends once u start reading it whill transfer u to different time and place ... ,
 A believable futuristic romantic murder mystery with Eve Dallas in the center of it all . Very close to `` erotic '' sex scenes . Interesting twist and turns and the technology is believable as its not so far out fantasy feeling being in her world of a future detective ! I give it 4 stars as the sex scenes could have been toned down a bit and left a little to the imagination !
 In 2003ish I stumbled across a few of these and was immediately addicted . Over the space of a few years I finally collected them all , and I have been buying them as they come out since then . This is the first book in the series , and I first read it back in 2005 - and I have n't read it since . I forgot how much I enjoyed it . If you 're just getting into this series I highly recommend reading them in order , as characters are introduced and gain importance as the series progresses and I feel you get more from it if you meet the characters and see their progression rather than starting with them later on.This series is set in the future , but it 's not really all that futuristic - some of the laws are different -LRB- i.e. prostitution is legal , guns are illegal , `` professional mothers '' exist etc -RRB- , and some of the technology is obviously a bit different , but it 's easy to forget it 's set in the future . I honestly enjoy that aspect ; it 's amusing to me to think how expensive coffee and steak -LRB- etc -RRB- might be in the future , and so on . Essentially these are your run of the mill murder mysteries ; if you like Grafton , Paretsky , O'Shaughnessy , etc etc you 'll enjoy these . The only thing that gets old is the sex , which starts to wear thin later in the series -LRB- at least for me -RRB- , but JD Robb is Nora Roberts , and I assume she ca n't help it and/or wants to hold her original fan base 's interest . Either way it 's easy to get past it if you enjoy the stories , which I do.She really develops the characters over time , and adds new ones as she goes - the stories do n't get stale even later in the series . We see the characters grow individually and together , and it 's really enjoyable . Yes , sometimes they seem a bit repetitive and/or over done , but so do most mystery series with the same protagonist . It was a delight to reread the introduction of several of my favorite characters , although I have to admit that one character -LRB- Charles Monroe -RRB- does not really jive with his later appearances in the books . However , that really is a minor detail.If you enjoy murder mysteries and series where you can follow the growth of the characters , this series is for you . It remains one of my favorites 20 + books later -LRB- nearly 30 now , I think -RRB- ; I always look forward to a new book being released and I am thrilled to finally have a chance to reread some of the older ones . I thoroughly enjoyed rereading this one .
 Have not read any books published in the name of Nora Roberts , but certainly will after this ! As J D Robb , Ms Roberts writes with wit and style and this work is an excellent amalgam of suspense , mystery and romance set in a futuristic time frame . Eve Dallas is a no nonsense sassy detective and Roarke is the proverbial bad boy made -LRB- in this case , exceptionally -RRB- good , handsome , caring and clever . The plot is nicely twisted and humour througout is irreverent and appealing . A good read!Glory in Death -LRB- In Death , Book 2 -RRB-
 If you love the `` In Death '' series you can now listen to it while you hike , work , drive . Same great story , hands free .
 This was a gift for my grand mom ... It was also a surprise ... When the package came my grand mom was So excited , then she opened it and was like screeching everywhere ... lol ... This book was in excellent condition ... It shipped fast and was immensely please ... I will be returning to this seller for more books to help my grand mom with her collection ... Thanks !!!!!!
 So I decided to read this book because I was looking for something to help me kill time at work . I listened to bits and pieces of this series because my mom likes them . I am so glad I decided to read them . I am a huge sci fi fan so the fact that it takes place in the future is huge for me . I am also into police/crime dramas and this book has great stories in it . This book has it all , the right mix between excitement , drama , comedy , science fiction , and romance . I ca n't wait to read the rest !
 Lieutenant Eve Dallas should be on leave . Having just tied up a case that resulted in the death of a child , and Eve shooting the murderer , all she needs now is rest and recuperation . But there 's no such luck for Lieutenant Dallas when a high-profile politician 's granddaughter is murdered . The case is complicated by Sharon DeBlass 's profession - high-class escort - and a note left beneath the body promising ` ONE OF SIX ' . The case is made all the more baffling for the murder weapon used - an old-fashioned Smith & Wesson gun ; an archaic museum piece since the gun-ban was initiated , but also a vital clue since only the wealthiest of collector 's can now afford such a relic.Eve 's investigations lead her to Rourke , an Irish-born millionaire living in New York who had close ties to Ms DeBlass 's family and an interest in bygone weaponry . But upon meeting the dark-haired , whiskey-tongued Roarke , Eve is convinced he 's no murderer . Or at least , she hopes he 's not - otherwise this attraction and fevered wanting she feels would be a problem for both of them ... ` Naked in Death ' is the first book in Nora Robert 's -LRB- writing as JD Robb -RRB- ` In Death ' romantic crime-thriller series , which began in 1995 . The series is currently thirty-three books deep , with a 34th book scheduled for 2012 , and it 's entirely likely that the series will continue well beyond that ... I really did n't want to like this book . Oh , sure , I 'd had this series recommended to me time and time again and was assured that I 'd love them . People would utter the name ` Roarke ' with almost biblical reverence and be positively horrified if I dared admit to never having read a single one of JD Robb 's books . But still , I really did n't want to like this book , because liking this book would mean reading the series . A series that , as of 2012 , will have 34 books to its credit . I knew if I read one and got hooked , I 'd have to read them all -LRB- and my to-be-read pile is toppling as is ! -RRB- . So , like I said , I really did n't want to like this book ... but damned if Roarke & Robb did n't reel me in , hook , line and sinker.Robb 's ` In Death ' series is set in the future , in the year 2058 . Inter-planetary travel is now possible , food is delivered by AutoChef , books come on discs -LRB- paperbacks are now viewed in museums -RRB- , guns have been banned for a number of years and prostitution is legalized and regulated . These are just a few of the subtle futuristic scene-setters that are casually dropped throughout the book , and I quite liked that the sci-fi aspect was very low-key . Robb does n't pull focus to the futuristic setting so much as she integrates it into the story , which I was pleased about since the future-setting had me a little irked when I read it in the blurb . I 'm still not 100 % sure why the book had to be set in the future , except that things like the antiquity of the murder weapon -LRB- a standard issue Smith & Wesson -RRB- and legalized prostitution leaked into the murder investigation and put an interesting spin on the crime.The real draw-card of the book -LRB- and I suppose , the series -RRB- is the characters of Eve and Roarke . Eve Dallas is a tough cop with a black past . On paper she sounds like a stereotype , but Robb has written Eve with many sides . She 's stubborn and perceptive , tough but feminine . She 's very much a lone wolf , but with inner scars that have her yearning for company and understanding . I liked Eve instantly ; when we meet her she 's coming off the tail-end of a child murder which resulted in Eve killing a deranged criminal . She 's in a very fragile state of mind , but the instant she sees Sharon DeBlass 's butchered body , she 's on board this new murder investigation and wholly committed . I liked that she was so dedicated to the dead - Eve really sees this job as showing respect to those victims , and getting them justice in death.Because of Eve 's rather fragile psyche when the book begins , she is utterly railroaded by murder suspect Roarke . Just ` Roarke ' - a millionaire enigma with a criminal past but high-society presence . Roarke is painfully handsome , with an Irish lilt and a sharp mind . As much as Eve is amazed at her instant attraction to Roarke , he is even more shocked at his fascination with her . As Roark admits , he does n't have much love for cops , but Eve with her awful shag haircut , whisky hair and sorrowful eyes has him lulled and lustful.As promised , Roarke is incredible . Even better is his and Eve 's instant attraction and coupling . This is , obviously , one of the reasons Robb 's series is so beloved . Unlike practically every other crime series with a dash of romance , Robb 's will-they-or-won ` t-they is put to bed early on , instantaneous and highly flammable . The real interest of the series will come from how Eve and Roarke will cope with their sudden and unexpected presence in one another 's lives.I know that Nora Roberts 's forte is romance - as evidenced by the dark and dashing Roarke , and his simmering romance with Eve . So I was n't overly shocked or too disappointed to read that the criminal side of things in ` Naked in Death ' are n't quite on par with other crime books . The ` whodunit ' mystery is wrapped up in a fairly obvious , if disturbing way . Eve 's investigation is more paint-by-numbers than harrowing thriller . Fair enough , I was n't expecting Karin Slaughter-levels of criminality . Clearly the focus of the ` In Death ' series is the romance between Eve and Roarke , it 's crime-lite romance-centric , and since I knew that going in , I was n't baffled or annoyed by the lack .
 What more could you want in a great book . This is the first in the best series I have ever read . It has it all and then some . To me this book was one I was unable to put down until I was finished . I was not dissapointed , in fact it just made me look forward to reading the next in the series . If you enjoy a good Mystery/Murder/and even some romance you will love this book .
 Ca n't get enough of the In Death books they keep you wanting more , and when you read the each book you can wait for the next one to come out
 This first book in the In Death series introduces Eve Dallas NYPSD detective and her crazy life . It 's wonderful to see a fully developed sarcastic character that really just does n't like people . Eve has only two people she truly loves and trusts and it 's obvious that she 's having some major issues dealing with the possibility of allowing anyone else into her trust circle . While the reader can see that she loves and trusts these people it 's still not obvious to Eve.This is Eve 's first high profile case and though she 's not completely sure the scenes are adding up she does n't trust herself to go with her instincts against the profiling and evidence
 I was told that this was a romance/mystery/thriller set in the future-as I have never been hot to read those particular combinations together I waited . Even when I heard that Nora Roberts is JD . Then with nothing laying about to read I picked this up-and NEVER put it down . I think about what will happen with Eve and Roarke next ... Just ordered the entire rest of the series ...
 This is truly an outstanding book . Well written and highly entertaining , it is more than your typical whodunit . The plot is well developed and the use of the futuristic setting lends much to the story . While not as cerebral -LRB- thank goodness -RRB- as some , Naked In Death holds one 's interest in a strong grip . Truly one of the best I 've read in a long time .
 I was unable to put this book down until I read the last word . Even then , I did n't want it to end . Suspenseful , romantic , and a great `` who-dun-it '' .
 As good as anything I have read anywhere . Strong characters and very believable supporting characters . I can believe in this woman . Being a science fiction fan I love the futuristic tone of her methodology . I can see this character as not `` science fiction '' but `` science probability '' . Eve Dallas is REAL !
 I 've been a big fan of Nora Roberts for several years and haunt the bookstores for all of her latest releases . I was delighted to find this new series of detective/mystery stories and have read each and every one of them . Ms Roberts takes the typical fictional P.I. , complete with major rough edges , and infuses her with vulnerabilities , so that she is so much more than what we have come to expect from fictional female `` eyes '' . Over the course of these books , Eve Dallas grows as a person . I hope Ms Roberts never stops writing Eve 's story , because I 'll never tire of reading it .
 I have to give this book 4 stars . High enough to show that I indeed enjoyed the plot and the suspense , but no final 5th star for Dallas herself . For a book under the Romance genre , I was pleased to find that this book had a forward moving plot with good guys and bad guys and twists in the story . This was more a glorified police procedural than a drippy romance . That I liked . But I found Dallas , our cop , to be a bit too hard around the edges . Too much swearing and trying to be a male-wanna-be . Please Ms Roberts/Robb ... for those of us who are strong women , please do n't portray the need for profanity and extreme rudeness as methods to get ahead in this world . Her `` character '' would be unbecoming in either a man * or * a woman . Good thing Roarke was around for the passion and compassion in this book .
 I have been a fan of Nora Roberts for some time , and was running out of books to read when I found her J.D. Robb series . I stayed up half the night finishing `` Naked In Death . '' This book is engrossing and unique . One of the best things about this book is how she blends life in a futuristic society seamlessly into the plot , where most futuristic books overwhelm the plot by focusing too heavily on the hi-tech stuff . I ca n't wait to read the next book in this series.NOTE TO READER IN WASHINGTON STATE
 The beginning of the struggle for detective Eve Dallas tosubmerge her feelings in work . Roarke a business tycoonfalls for the sexy detective . Eve must unravel the murdersof 5 hookers and discover a killer in the suspensefullyromantic Naked in Death .
 Naked in death was the best book I ever read . It was n't the first book i read in the series . I read Witness in Death first because at the time I did n't know it was a series . I went to this book -LRB- naked in Death . This book shows everything such as romance , mysteries , comedy , and cops/action . This book is about this LC get shot and LT. Eve Dallas has to try to find who committing these murder . While during her investigation she encounters one of the richest guys on and of planet Roarke . It funny watching them learn from one another . Eve Dallas is my favorite character in the series . I also like Dr. Mira . . I like eve she the one who made me decide that I wanted to be a cop . . this is the best series I have every read and nora robert aka J.D robb is one of the best author
 I liked this book . It held my interest so much that I literally did n't put it down until I finished it in one long sitting . Even though I figured out who the murderer was fairly early on , there were enough twists and turns to make me reconsider a number of times before I got to the end . I will definitely continue on with the series and look forward to learning more about the mysterious Roarke .
 I 've read many of the recently released books in the `` In Death '' series , but wanted to go back and start at the beginning . This is n't the type of reading I usually do , but I 've become hooked on these books by Nora Roberts aka JD Robb . I was n't disappointed with her 1st book either . It was excellent ; I wanted to call in sick to work just so I could stay at home and read ! Great reading for these long Ohio winters !
 Robb kicks this book off with a bang , and finishes with a flourish . If you are looking for a great mystery , detective thriller , or even a surprising romance , look no further . You will find all of that an more in the story of Eve , a police dectective , who is asked to solve the mystery surrounding the deaths of professional companions -LRB- or prostitutes -RRB- . The book is set in the future , but you will not be distracted by a lot of descriptive prose that adds nothing to the story . Instead , the plot moves steadily forward , uncovering details and suspects along the way.I found Eve 's character very believable . She is a hard worker and is devoted to solving her case . She does n't let her personal feelings get in the way , usually , which is why she is so suprised when she begins to fall for one of the primary suspects . Her conflict is very real and adds a lot of suspense to the storyline . As the plot and characters unfold , you will begin to draw your own conclusions as to who the real murderer is , but you will need to wait until the very end for he or she to be revealed.Not a long or tedious book . Easy to read and a lot of fun . You will want to have the next one ready to go when you finish . Enjoy !
 I first picked up a J.D. Robb book because I was bored and it looked interesting . Within the month I owned the entire series , and both my mother and I were eagerly waiting for the newest title . The characters are interesting , the stories are full of twists and turns , yet believable -LRB- for example , there are no surprise characters that pop up in the last chapter to become the killer -RRB- and the books are refreshingly different from other series and even from each other . Ms. Robb writes a different type of story in each book , which is great for avid mystery fans .
 I was running out of books to check out and try when I happened upon the mystery section of the bookstore I go to . I do n't usually go for mystery novels , but after reading some reviews of J.D. Robb 's -LRB- aka Nora Roberts -RRB- books here on Amazon , I decided to give Ms. Robb 's book a try.I know I 've said that mystery novels are not really my cup of tea , romance is not even remotely in the same ballpark . I always picture romance novels as thin paperbacks with half-naked , beautiful people on the covers . I was surprised to know that I was hooked on Ms. Robb 's Naked In Death novel from the first chapter all the way to the end . I enjoyed the perfect blend of crime-mystery and sexy romance from her novel 's two main characters.NYPSD Lt. Eve Dallas is one of the better female characters I 've ever had the chance to read . Eve is both a tough-as-nails police detective and also very feminine though she would be the last person to think so . Its this duality in her personality that attracts rogue Irish bilionaire Roarke -LRB- the cool characters always can get away with using just a single name -RRB- to Eve . The attraction seems very unusual at first , especially since Roarke can get and have any woman he wishes , but as the story progresses some hints as to why he 's attracted comes out in the open.The mystery part of the novel is very well-done , even though Roarke being a suspect in the beginning seems like a convenient way to get the two characters together . The heat from their initial meeting shows that Ms. Robb can write scenes of romance and conflict and make both look very steamy . I do n't know which I enjoyed reading more , the scenes where Eve and Roarke finally have sex or their constant baiting each other to react , but both were written with enough heat and chemistry to make the book a must-read . Ms. Robb 's first novel in her In Death series , Naked In Death , is a wonderful and fun novel . It should appeal to others who are not just romance novel readers . The scenes of romance and sensual , steamy sex is a big bonus . The novel overall is engaging and well-written for other genre fans to enjoy .
 In my experience , romance writers that turn suspense have n't turned out all that great . I took a chance on the In Death series and I am so glad I did . This book hooked me from the first page!Taking place in 2058 , Lt. Eve Dallas thought she has seen everything in her profession as a cop . When Eve is put on a case for a murder victim , what is shocking is how the victim is killed . Only the very wealthy can afford to collect antique weapons , which include any type of gun . Gun 's were banned around 2020 , and are very expensive to aquire . This helps her narrow down her suspects . All the evidence soon points to Roarke , a billionaire . Eve is soon drawn into a case that hits too close to home , laying her emotions bare . Soon the desire flowing between her and Roarke is too much to deny and Eve finds herself in a relationship with her prime suspect.The outcome of the book is surprising , but not shocking . The relationship between Eve and Roarke is intense and emotional . Due to both their pasts , they have a hard time opening up to anyone , but find that with each other , they might be able to . Again , this was a great book and I look foward to reading the rest in the series .
 I knew I 'd love this book because I pretty much love anything written by Nora Roberts -LRB- aka JD Robb -RRB- but this surprised me . Science Fiction , romance , mystery -- well , those are my favorite genres by one of my favorite authors . Now , I just have to figure out how I can afford ALL the others !
 With NAKED IN DEATH , author J.D. Robb -LRB- better known to the world as Nora Roberts -RRB- introduces tough-as-nails New York City Homicide detective Lieutenant Eve Dallas . A serial killer announces his intent via a note left at a grisly murder scene
 I really love this series , the first three are my favorites because it is the beginning of the relationship between Eve Dallas and Rourke . It is fasinating the way J.D. Robb builds that relationship . The investigative part of the stories is also interesting . Each one of the characters adds so much to each story that you look forward to the next installment . I would recommend this series to anyone .
 The whole `` Death '' series by J.D. Robb -LRB- Nora Roberts -RRB- is really good . I ca n't wait for the next !
 the ROBB by any other name is over the top in female detectives and other genre books . my wife readthis one twice .
 I liked the story and I like the lead character . I did n't get the whole &#34; in the future deal &#34; ... I mean I get it but I do n't understand the importance . The story could have happened today . The futuristic part almost seemed like an after thought it mattered so little .
 Very well written book , keeps you wondering who did it and when you find out , how the capture the culprit .
 Cool book ! Sorry that it took me so many years to read it . On to the next in death book .
 I love the &#34; In Death &#34; series , and this is one of my favorite installments . Eve and Roarke are a great pair .
 I really enjoyed this book . It keeps you in suspense clear up to the end . I had read later books and wanted to find out how it all started .
 I have every single &#34; In Death &#34; book that Nora ever wrote as J.D. Robb , including stories that ended up in anthologies . This one , &#34; Naked in Death &#34; is my all time favorite . Unfortunately , I loaned my copy to someone and unfortunately I ca n't go camp over her house and picket it as she is a former manager and I 'm not completely stupid . My next best thing to do was to get it again , so I did . Nice job guys .
 this is the first book in a wonderful series of books by J D Robb . I have read all 34 books in this series and love them all .
 Wonderful plot . Love the interaction between Roake and Eve . Can not wait to read more of The Death series and how they both evolved .
 Nora Roberts decided to do mystery in addition to romance and even threw some sci-fi into the mix . She thus created Eve Dallas , a detective with the NYPD 2050 , and Roarke , the richest man on earth , who rose from obscure Irish poverty . Further , the author made Roarke a murder suspect , Eve the detective and the rest became history . This duo is still going strong in this continuing series , which wins readers from both the romance and mystery genres daily . In fact , Roarke usually wins the best romance hero category every time there is a polling of readers for favorite heroes . Eve and Roarke together often win Best Couple . Many women readers have even successfully passed these books onto their husbands for bedside reading . I 've read this one and the three that follow it . I have another 4 or so in my to-be-read stack . In a way , the duo remind me of Nick and Nora Charles but set in future day , even more decadent and dissolute New York City . Even though she uses the name Robb for these books , everyone knows it is bestselling romance author Nora Roberts who writes them .
 _ Naked in Death _ is the first book in J.D. Robb 's In Death series . It 's set in New York City in 2058 , and it 's main character is Lt. Eve Dallas , a homicide investigator with a troubled past . One of the main suspects in her investigation is Roarke , a darkly seductive Irish billionaire who seems to own just about everything in the free world . I 'm not generally a fan of Nora Roberts ' mainstream romance books , and I read _ Naked in Death _ because I was intrigued by the idea of a female homicide detective working in a futuristic atmosphere . This book has both gritty mystery and very satisfying romance-I think both mystery and romance fans wo n't be disappointed-and both Eve and Roarke are memorable characters .
 Eve is one incredibly tough and sexy police lieutenant in NY City and I want her to move to Virginia and have my baby . Eve wo n't back down from anyone and she has everything this male dreams about ... smarts , strength , looks , and is an animal in the bedroom in two very sexy scenes without being pornagraphic . Nora Roberts is an incredible writer and really makes you feel for the characters and root for Eve . This was my first book in the series and I ca n't wait to join the sexy lady cop as she kicks butt in the other books .
 After reading reviews I decided to buy and was not disappointed . I am not a pro reviewer . I have no fancy words to describe this book only to say that it is exciting , interesting , grabs your imagination and does n't let go till the last page is read . Thanks to all who recommended this !!!
 From the first book to the most recent , I am still hooked . Go past the fact that this is a futuristic NYC . The gadgets are only secondary to the romance and the mysteries that have to be solved . I have told friends about these books and hooked them too . J.D. Robb aka Nora Roberts has a hit series on her hands . Her writing ability makes her characters real and enjoyable . Order and enjoy every one of them . You have my word that this is a series worth getting hooked on !
 I just finished the first four books in the series , and I 've enjoyed them all . Nora Roberts has created some wonderful characters in this series . Eve is great -- a dedicated cop who is haunted by her past ; prickly , wary , a loyal friend to those few she calls friend , and surprised she 's in love with Roarke . HE is gorgeous -LRB- I keep seeing Pierce Brosnan -RRB- , rich , shady , totally dedicated to Eve , and indulges her shamelessly despite her protests . Peabody is a refreshing addition to the cast of characters . The stories are great , the bad guys not TOO easy to figure out , and the characters have depth and believability , as well as suprising flashes of humor that leaves the reader chuckling delightedly . Keep 'em coming , J.D. Robb !
 `` Naked in Death '' is the first book in J. D. Robb 's `` In Death '' series and it starts the series off with style ! We are introduced to Eve , the independent and no-nonsense cop and Roarke , the charismatic billionaire who sweeps Eve off her feet.The mystery/suspense elements are exciting and well thought out . Eve is investigating the disturbing murders of female licensed companions -LRB- prostitution is legal in the year 2058 -RRB- and Roarke is her main suspect ! These two meet as a result of her investigation , and as Eve gets to know Roarke , she becomes quite sure that he is not a cold-blooded killer . Eve can not resist the lure of this mysterious and sexy man and they soon end up in the midst of a passionate romance.The romance elements of this book blend perfectly with the murder mystery elements , to provide the reader with a wonderfully imaginative , provocative and thrilling story . The futuristic setting is completely believable , and provides an intriguing backdrop for the story without detracting from it.The main characters , Eve and Roarke are both complex and well-developed , and the dynamics of their rocky relationship will keep readers turning pages.This is a truly great read and I am quite sure that readers everywhere will want to read more of Eve and Roarke after finishing this first instalment . Enjoy !
 Nora Roberts has long been one of my favorite romance authors . I especially enjoy her Irish trilogies . Having recently read her new novel , Angels Fall , I finally decided to go back and read some of her books written under the pseudonym of J. D. Robb . A friend recommended this series , so I jumped into the first in her `` death '' series.NAKED IN DEATH was really good ; I could n't put it down . This series is not true romance ; it 's more of a romantic mystery , which only adds to the intrigue for me . What makes it so different is that it takes place in the year 2058 and there are many innovative new concepts , such as `` off-planet travel , '' to name just one . I leave the rest for you to discover and enjoy.Of course , her main character , Lieutenant Eve Dallas , is a strong , independent woman ... just the way I like my heroines . And her Irish hero -LRB- what else ? -RRB- , a billionaire named Roarke , is more than a match for Eve . They make a fascinating , intriguing couple.I do n't know how Nora manages to come up with `` winners '' each and every time she writes a book , but she does . What a remarkable talent and a remarkable author ! I look forward to reading all the books in this series as well as her entire body of works .
 I have loved Nora Roberts for years , and rejoice when I see a new series come out . I chanced upon one of the Lieutentant Eve Dallas stories a few months ago , and when I realized it was one of a series , I started an immediate search to start at the beginning and read them in order . To watch the development of the characters , the blooming of the love story , to see how Eve finds out about her past , little by little , is fascinating . I have fallen in love with Eve and Roarke , and all the other wonderful characters in the series , and since they are hard to find anywhere but on Amazon -LRB- or perhaps in a local library -RRB- , I am buying them a few at a time . The interesting thing is that as I am reading them , I am finding more and more women who are also reading them , and these books were written several years ago ! Why did it take us so long to discover them ? I think they are Nora Roberts at her best . I recommend the series highly to anyone who is a fan of romance , crime and passion .
 I started out reading Portrait in Death , decided to read a few more , and now I 'm hooked . My husband got me the ones that I was missing for christmas , so I read Naked In Death and I loved it . I do n't even want to think about what it 's going to be like when I finish the whole In Death series . .
 I started reading the Eve Dallas novels about 4 books into the series , and was hooked right away . Just had to find out how it all started and Naked in Death is the debut novel for the series . It 's classic JD Robb aka Nora Roberts - with a great plot that develops well , the characters are real -LRB- despite the futuristic period setting , which provides an interesting foil for Eve 's turmoil and angst -RRB- It 's good to start with this book first , because JD Robb really fleshes out the characters and creates more intense plots subsequently in the series . Even if you 've read her later books , Naked In Death makes for excellent reading and provides you with the background to Eve and Roarke 's relationship .
 I was impressed . I liked the futurist world Roberts created . The new technology and moral beliefs of the public was basically plausible . The protagonist , Eve , was realistic and well rounded . I thought Riley was a bit flat . He did n't show the tarnish of his stated upbringing , but perhaps future books will show this . Just to give a base line , Eve is a detective , Riley is a suspect for multiple murders . The murderer plans to kill a total of six legal prostitutes and is accomplishing it one per week . It is up to Eve to catch the bad guy before he kills again.My only problem with this book was the ending . I predicted it -LRB- including the bad guy -RRB- the moment he was introduced in the story . Granted , I read alot , so it is easier for me to predict endings , but I still prefer to be surprised and look for that great author that keeps me guessing . I did n't find it here , but I still found liked it and plan to read more .
 I was n't sure I 'd like a `` futuristic '' type novel , even though the alter ego of one of my favorite authors , Nora Roberts , was writing it . Writing as J.D. Robb , she has definitely changed my mind about this genre . Naked in Death was impossible for me to put down until the last page was read!J.D . Robb introduces us to Eve Dallas , a tough New York police lieutenant who has always relied on herself in all situations and has never let anyone get close to her personally . Eve Dallas is one of the best homicide detectives that New York Security and Police Department -LRB- NYSPD -RRB- has to offer - she 's smart , gutsy , and holds nothing back when trying to solve a case.In this first book of the series , a ruthless serial killer is murdering licensed companions -LRB- the term used for prostitutes in the year 2058 -RRB- . It 's Dallas ' job to find the murderer and stop him/her before another killing . Oh what a tangled web the reader is tangled in with a variety of characters that are so vivid you actually feel as if you know them personally.Roarke , a multi-billionaire , is of Irish decent , drop dead gorgeous , smart and just the right combination of charisma and attitude to attract Dallas . Even when the first murder victim links Roarke as a possible suspect.The colorful support cast will have you smiling and shaking your head . They range from the talented lounge singer who has become Dallas ' best friend , to the obnoxious senator who rules the senate and his family with an iron fist , to Dallas ' partner who reminds me of a Basset Hound with droopy eyes and a penchant for sugared almonds . Ah yes , they are quite a bunch of characters , full of antics that will have you laughing out loud.As Dallas is trying to solve these crimes , she falls in love with Roarke . She hopes she can prove his innocence , but knows that if he is the murderer her job always comes first and she would have to arrest him even while her heart is breaking . Sound like she 's a sap ? No way ! She 's never been in love before , so not only is it a new experience , it 's also an emotion that has her confused and at times irritable . Even experiencing the sentiment for the first time , she 's still tough as nails.The book has a great combination of romance , mystery and even science fiction . I love the AutoChef that cooks up meals at the touch of a finger and the automobiles that are able to go from road to sky at the flip of a switch . How about the airbuses that cruise through the city skies full of tourists ? And guns have been outlawed so police use stunners that have various settings from a mild shock to the `` termination '' setting.Ok , sounds strange , but it is absolutely wonderful . J.D. Robb , AKA Nora Roberts , is the best when it comes to blending the genres and you wo n't be disappointed with this series . I highly suggest this book if you love mystery , intrigue and romance . I 'd also strongly recommend that you have a copy of Glory in Death on hand so you can finish this book and pick up the next in the series . You 'll be hooked !
 As someone who probably owns at least 200 unabridged audio titles , many of them by Brilliance Audio , I heartily recommend both this company and this narrator . Although I have heard the Recorded Books version of Naked In Death , I find this version much preferable . I must also admit to doing a victory dance around the desk when I saw that this version was coming out . I hope they get around to UNabridged -LRB- abridged versions are already out -RRB- of all the titles in this series . Ericksen has a good grasp of how to keep the voices distinct , a fine grasp of accents , and that indefinable energy that keeps one listening all the way through . As to the storyline itself - if J.D. Robb is on the cover , I 'm there in line on the first day of release !
 In 2058 , the United States has outlawed guns , legalized postitution -LRB- Liscensed Companions -RRB- , and tried to genetically eliminate negative emotions and behavior . Eve Dallas is the top homicide detective in Manhattan and has dedicated her life to her career to try and escape a horrible and painful past . When a murdered Liscensed Companion -LRB- LC -RRB- turns out to be a high powered senator 's grand-daughter , she is up to her eyeballs in red tape and politics . When the killer promises that 5 more will die , she knows she must hurry and find the murderer.Roarke is on the short list of suspects . He is the richest man in the world , owns the building the LC was murdered in , and owns the company that handles the security for the building . He also has a collection of antique , outlawed guns , one of which was used as the murder weapon . When he swears his innocence , Eve finds herself believing him , but does not know if it is her top notch cop instincts , or the intense attraction she feels for Roarke . Together , Eve and Roarke must fight mistrust and a deadly serial killer intent on destroying them both.This was a great start to was is sure to be a fabulous series . NAKED IN DEATH is a high paced , sexy thriller . It is sure to interest romance and mystery readers alike . But beware , this is one that will keep you up ALL night , because you just can not put it down . At just over 300 pages , I finished this one in a day and a half . Definitely recommended !!! JBoguepaper-and-lace . comSpecializing in paranormal romance and fiction .
 I thoroughly enjoyed the book `` Naked In Death '' . Honestly I have to say I was skeptical at first , I 'm not to much into the futuristic books , but this grabbed me from the first page and did n't let me go till it was over . Actually it has me wanting to go and read Glory In Death to keep the series going in my mind . The story is about a fearless detective named Eve Dallas . She 's self sufficient , she 's in control and her whole world gets turned upside down literally when the Senator 's Granddaughter gets murdered . Going through all the channels as Detective Dallas has to do she finds herself confronted with a man , a suspect . But not just any man ... a man named Rourke . From the moment they meet the chemistry runs over ! You will see just how important a little bit of love can help to ending a long streak of violence and brutality that not only is involved in the case , but also involved all they way back to Eve 's childhood ! If your a fan of Nora Roberts ... pick this one up . If J D Robb is new to you , then do yourself a favor and read this book . This is one series , I plan on reading the whole way through !
 WOW I started this book and finished in a day . I could n't put it down !! Thihs is a must read series .
 This is the first book in the `` In Death '' series -- if you like romantic suspense , I ca n't recommend any other book more highly . This book is probably my favorite popular fiction paperback type novel , and I read alot of paperback fiction ! Also , one of the things that makes this series great is the development of the characters / supporting characters over the course of the books , so I would recommend reading them in order if you are interested in the series . -LRB- be forewarned that these books have a ` darker ' quality than straight romance -RRB- .
 After reading Seduction in Death , I got the urge to read NAKED IN DEATH again . This is a fantastic , in every sense of the word , mystery series . Mostly all the players are introduced in this first book . I am glad I began at the beginning . Eve Dallas is our fiesty detective heroine , braving thru personal and professional hurdles . She investigates everyone in her search for the killer and finally gets around to Roarke as a suspect . Eve is relentless and dedicated and this attracts Roarke fiercely.Their first meeting and subsequent confrontations are superbly written by Nora . I enjoyed it more the second time because I knew where it was going . You know almost from the beginning who the real murderer is but the voyage to the end is great.All the other characters are keenly written -LRB- Charles and Summerset are particular favorites -RRB- but they are all developed so well , you just can not wait to get to the next installment . Enjoy !
 Loved this book . Fast read . You will fall in live with the characters . Nora writes with wit and makes it impossible to put her books down .
 i really enjoyed the book and have read the whole series again , captured my imagination to what the future could be
 What a book , I am so looking forward to reading the others in this series In Death by J.D.Robb.I think she has set the main characters up so well.I did find some of it a bit gruesome , but you have to expect that in a murder series.It is an easy read , with the characters . I love the twist and turns , thinking I know who did it , but was so surprised when I read who it was . This is a very enjoyable book , one that you will have trouble putting down .
 i read this one over and over and wonder why the current books ca n't hold a candle to this one . or to the first 20 . . really . . the first 20 or so in this series were so good but the last 4 or so have just gone down hill . i can barely get thru the latest one . what happened !? such good characters watered down to yuppies . . ugg .
 JD Robb series - have read newer ones and trying to pick up the whole series.Enjoy the mental calculations for solving the crimes .
 JD Robb introduces her feisty hot heroine in this first of many detective stories . Eve Dallas is a homicide cop with a personal dark secret for which the gradual exploration and discovery adds an interesting layer to the current mystery . The first seven books are all fast paced action , including an ongoing hot romance with an ultra rich good looking ex criminal who ca n't get her out of his thoughts . Although I normally only read `` serious '' SciFi , needless to say I enjoyed this first story so much , I downloaded the next and the next and am now on book 20 . Highly recommended for a Kindle read during travel or breaks , or sitting quietly engrossed after a hard day 's work .
 I 've read all the In Death books and novellas and this is still my absolute favorite and one I re-read over and over . I was drawn in from the beginning and was riveted by the story and the romance . The characters were intriguing , the mystery complex . I wanted to know more about them . I had never read any romantic thrillers and picked this one up on a lark and I am so glad I did . I found a whole new world and genre to explore . I have tried a few of Nora Roberts other books , and I appreciate her writing skills , but this series is what I will continue to read and enjoy first and foremost .
 Roarke is an amazingly hot hero . Eve is a great , tough heroine , and I think this book starts her journey into saving herself with Roarke 's help . They 're a sweet and sexy couple , and I really liked the mystery aspect . I love this series !
 Just discovered this series and ca n't read them fast enough . Excellent easy reading ... draws you right in and holds your attention til the end . And then you ca n't wait to go to the next in the series . Great escape reading .
 My mother in law introduced the In Death series to me and we both have fallen in love with the characters . We are always on pins and needles waiting for the next one to come out !
 Even listening to them out of order they are still very good books . It is nice to ` get to know ' the characters and all their interactions . Makes for a more interesting book if you are already aware of the players .
 It took a while but I finally backtracked and read the first `` In Death '' book , `` Naked in Death '' . J.D. Robb aka Nora Roberts is such a gifted writer that each book can stand alone . That said , I 'm glad I finally read the first book which introduced all the main characters and how they became connected to Eve Dallas , especially Roarke ... The first time I read about Eve Dallas was in `` Remember When '' which I did n't find particularly interesting . It was too way out there for my liking after reading so many Nora Roberts books . But I slowly started reading the `` In Death '' series and now I feel I know Dallas and I appreciate the fact that she has problems stemming from her scarred childhood and applies her psyche to the murder victims she cares so deeply about . She and Roarke are both abuse survivors and truly complete each other filling the void both endure . That special connection binds them together and their love is pure joy to the reader . Of course , it does n't hurt that he 's incredibly easy on the eyes , rich beyond comprehension and just a little left of center legally.All in all , I 've come to appreciate the `` In Death '' series and I find the plots and twists in the stories very enjoyable .
 Really , I ca n't believe I waited so long to try out this series . It was a great book and I love that it takes place in the near future . The characters felt real and I really connected with Eve . She is a tough , do n't - mess-with-me-or-I-will-zap-you-good detective whose deep belief in the justice she seeks for all of evil 's victims has given her a likeable vulnerability . Not to mention the mysterious and elusive Roarke who is dead sexy with a bit of a bad boy attitude.The only reason I did n't give this book 5 stars was because I found the plot easy to figure out . I wo n't say it was predicable , because it was n't completely obvious . I think I have just spent too much time reading mystery novels that I can recognize the patterns the author has hidden through out the story.I really liked this book and would recommend it to anyone who enjoys the mystery thiller genre . Did I mention this was a true page turner ? I look forward to reading the rest of the books in this series .
 I felt some closure upon reading `` the beginning '' of the Eve Dallas saga ! I am a big fan of the audio book as I spend a great deal of time on the road in 1/2 hour to hour spurts . I started with the print versions but really enjoy the audio . This cd did not have the characters/voices developed as the future ones did but that could be expected . I always felt something missing by not knowing where Nora Roberts/JD Robb initiated the lives of her characters . I am comfortable with that now and will continue to listen to all the cds as they continue !
 I really love this series , but I was stupid and started at like book 20 . I had never heard of the In Death Series , so I just picked up one that looked really good . I was hooked and always meant to go back to the beginning . I was thrilled when I finally got a library card and they had the entire series . Being the first in the series does n't make any less than the rest . It was great to finally understand how somethings come into play later on . Although , I did miss some of the characters that appear later . I love Eve and Roarke . They are such an interesting couple even from the beginning . I will continue reading them in order now just to catch all the stuff I missed !
 Delighted to have this book !! Great read for J.D. Robb fans . I missed her earlier books when I began to read the `` In Death Books '' so I am starting at the beginning where Eve & Roarke met . Just bought books 1 thru five . All were a great read . Hope to purchase # 6 thru 10 of this series . Aline Jones/Alabama
 Just finished reading Naked in Death and now that I have , I 'm not sure why I waited so long to start this series . I wo n't recap the plot etc. , as I 'm reviewer # 199 , but the characters of Eve and Roarke are well fleshed out in the introductory book and you can tell that there is a lot of room for character development and growth.The book takes place about fifty or sixty years in the future , but Robb does not go overboard with the science fiction aspects . The futuristic aspects are so well integrated into the story that you accept them easily without the jar of strangeness that sometimes permeates books that try to seem sci-fi or paranormal and are not well written.If you 've been curious about the In Death series , I 'd start right here at the beginning .
 I 've seen these books in the stores and had no idea what they were about . I 've read some Nora Roberts , but i did n't follow her . I think that will change now under J.D. Robb . Eve is cool , and i 've read characters like her but i see that this book was first published in 1995 when i was 7 or 8 . I did n't realize right away that the story takes place in the mid 21st century . And how cool it is i can see a great imagination from the author . Weird that prostitution is legal lol . There are disturbing elements with the characters especially Eve when she has that nightmare near the end sad . And finding the real killer in the end . Roakre is sexy and mysterious , but filthy rich . I guess rich guys with the somewhat poor girl like Eve are interesting . I got alot of catching up to do i ca n't believe how many books are in this series .
 This book got me hooked on Dallas and Roarke . The way the book is written , you can picture everything . Great book and series . Looking at our newest technology , I can see that a lot of the `` gadgets '' J.D. Robb writes about in 2056 and on will come to pass .
 Thanks to the posters on Amazon 's Fantasy Forums , I got introduced to Eve Dallas . She was recommended by more than one poster as one of the best heroines in fantasy . Okay , technically Robb 's novels are mysteries with a science fiction angle.Eve Dallas is a cop in the near future . She 's tough , but she 's got a tender side that manifests in nightmares over a case gone bad . She thinks she 's off the streets and headed to get a Psych referral when she gets a top security case . It seems , the daughter of a US Senator has been killed in a brutal and sexual manner . When she arrives on the scene , she realizes the victim is one in six . `` Naked '' is a great start to the series . It 's well-written . Robb really knows how to hook a reader . I like Eve Dallas and her world . I feel strong sympathy for the victims , particularly the second girl , Lola.My reasons for not giving this book 5 stars is my objection to Dallas sleeping with a suspect during the course of the investigation and the fact that I figured out the murderer pretty quickly in the game . Knowing ` whodunit ' did n't stop me from reading the rest to find out how he got caught . I spoke to a reader further down the series than I am and was told the mystery element improves as the stories go on . I 'm looking forward to that !
 I did n't think I 'd like it , but it was n't bad . A friend wanted me to give it a try , because the Eve Dallas books are her favorite series . Nora Roberts/JD Robb is a talented writer in that she develops likable characters , manages a dynamic plot , and paces it successfully enough to create a page-turner . She 's a best-seller for those very reasons.The things I did n't like about the book are as follows : - I 'm very annoyed by shifting points of view . I want a consistent narrator within scenes , not what he feels , what she thinks , what he wants , what she wants , etc. . Sometimes Roberts was switching between three characters in three paragraphs . - Despite the fact that this is a futuristic thriller , we only know that it 's futuristic because she tells us . There is no futuristic ambiance , there is no proposal for challenging inventions or lifestyle changes other than standard near-future sci-fi tropes . It seems that the risks of futuristic forecasting were too challenging , so her murder used the motives of present-day killers - the familiar which took the potency away from the futuristic setting.When I need a quick read for entertainment only , I 'd consider reading another . I hope in subsequent books , Roberts and Eve Dallas do n't fear the future , but embrace it . - CV Rick
 This book introduces the reader to the world of Eve Dallas , Futuristic police detective living on a war-torn planet Earth . As our `` introduction '' to Eve progresses , she is thrown into a case involving high profile victims and murder suspects , one of whom is the mysterious `` Roarke '' . -LRB- You 'll learn more about him later in the series ... I do n't want to spoil it for those who have n't read it . -RRB- By the end of the book , if you 're not hooked on Eve Dallas , chances are you 're not going to be ... but I highly recommend this series . Read at least the first three books . If you do n't absolutely fall in love with this macabre cast of characters , there 's something really wrong with you in my opinion !
 This is the book that introduces Eve Dallas , the Lieutenant on whom this series focuses . She is a homicide detective , and keeps finding all these naked dead people -LRB- hence the name -RRB- . Through the book , you are introduced to several of the key players in this series , and it sets the tone for others . The setting is the future , and Eve has all kinds of neat computers and technology at her reach . Of course , the human element is still always needed.Eve is very human , and through the series we see her dealing with some serious personal issues , making friends , learning to trust , etc. I love this series and feel that it is the best that Nora Roberts has ever written ! : -RRB-
 This was a great book that had it all ; murder , romance , suspense , ect . It is also a very fast read . I recommend this book .
 Great read . Easy , interesting , good story line ! The entire `` Eve Dallas '' line is great . Any one of the books can easily stand on its own . While these books do NOT have to be read `` in order '' - it 's rather fun !
 I was excited to see they made unabridged versions of the earliest books in the JD Robb series . I very much enjoyed this recording of Naked in Death . I had to adjust to a few of the voices and what I thought they would sound like , but listening to # 2 now they sound like old friends . The emotions and inflections of the reader really add to the experience of the book . Happily they start to come out with # 4 through 12 , unabridged in September releasing one each month .
 i absolutely looooooooved this book . Eve is a very strong woman - a woman men and other women respect and admire . Roarke has a very strong personality . hes the kinda man every woman wants . the interactions between Eve and Roarke will keep u on the edge of your seat . it is a must read . i have just finished it and am going to read the rest of the books in the series .
 I 'm not a Sci-Fi fan , but I am a Nora Roberts fan . Writing as JD Robb , she did n't let me down . In Eve Dallas she has again created a wonderful female lead with all the flaws and passions of modern women , I love that her characters are n't dumb . I also love her enigmatic leading men . JD -LRB- Nora -RRB- writes in a seductive and lyrical manner with strong storylines and characters of depth , this novel had me rushing to buy the rest of the series , so I could follow Eve and Roarke on their escapades . Well done JD Robb , this was a page turner .
 Nora Roberts has once again outdone herself in the Eve Dallas series ! Sometimes her books seem rushed and cookie-cutter type writing , but she always hits the mark as J.D. Robb . I own every one and re-read them from time to time . In this installment , Eve Dallas looses none of her edge , her husband , Roarke , is ever sexy , and the future 's gadgets are all -LRB- as Eve 's best friend would say -RRB- `` mag '' . The pace is fast and the story is good . I invite everyone who likes Romance with wonderful doses of adventure to read ALL of the J.D. Robb books !
 First book in series . Very good story . Takes place in the future which makes it a little different from other detective stories .
 Naked in Death is another success for J.D. Robb . The continuing saga between Eve and Roarke never loses it 's interest . It 's amazing how possible this story could be . I can never wait for the next installment . J.D Robb -LRB- Nora Roberts -RRB- is an excellent author who never disappoints !
 Love the book ! Well written , has suspense and romance . You fall in love with all her main characters especially lieutenant Eve .
 I have never read a book by Nora Roberts ... and of course J.D. Robb is her pin name ... but I 've never really enjoyed the straight up romance novels ... even though I read them from time to time . I liked this book though because we do have that element of romance but it was mixed in with the whole futuristic crime drama . The thing with these kind of books is I always , always know who did it from the moment they enter the scene . I just find it so obvious , but I do like the journey of getting there , especially with all the twists and turns that get thrown in . I hated all the typos , this book has been out sense ... 1995 you 'd think they would have gone through and fixed a few of them ... and there are some obvious ones , and they just take you out of the moment . I liked Roarke , I know a lot of people do n't like that alpha male great at everything type of guy , but I like the chemistry between Roarke and Eve . Eve is the type of girl that does n't need a man and Roarke is the type who is n't used to the word no ... So , it was fun to see them open up . I will have to get more of these books soon , because I flew through this one , I did n't want to put it down .
 Love the J.D. Robb books . I think they would make a great movie or tv series . This is the eighth time I have read this book . I have read every one in the series at least once and most multiple times . Eve Dallas is my hero .
 I had avoided this series after trying some of Nora Roberts romances . As a result , I did n't even know this series took place in the future until I started reading it . It 's a fairly conservative view of the future not a lot of fantastical star trek elements in this one . The main character was interesting , as was the mystery . I might read more of these , although after reading the blurb for the second book , I 'm not in a hurry to read it .
 From the moment I started to read until the very end , this novel kept my complete attention !!! I simply LOVE J.D. Robbs writing !
 I could not remember the first book nor find it from JD Robb . I am having so much fun reading the 1st one again when Roark met Dallas . I have all her books but this one so I am really enjoying it .
 I would recommend this series to anybody who loves getting involved with the characters in a book . I 've read this book a few times now and am glad to get it on my Kindle so I do n't have to worry about the spine falling apart !
 This book is one of the first ones she wrote . Very good - I loved it ! And again I passed it on to one of my coworkers that is reading JD Robb as well .
 I first read this 10 yrs . Ago and have read every book in this series . So I 'm starting over . This is one of her best series ever . Love these books .
 This is the first book that introduces you to the slightly futuristic world of Eve Dallas - NYPSD -LRB- NYPD to us -RRB- homocide detective . Each book is a new case and * every * single book is fantastic ! This purchase was actually to introduce my cousin to the series : - -RRB-
 I fell in love with this series from the moment I read the first book . Exceptional writing and I ca n't wait to read more !
 J D Robb as always wrote a great book . Lt. Eve Dallas and Roarke are always intriguing in everything they do . A great love story with a cop and her not so by the book man .
 love these books and the story line , am going to get the whole collection at some point . These are a must read and never get old !
 This bood kept me guessing the whole time . I love Rourke !!!! He is so sexy !!! the chemistry between him and Eve is seering !!! Keep them coming !! I CA N'T GET ENOUGH !!
 All of Robb 's books are a must have in my Library . I can hardly wait for her next book to release !
 This is a very good protective cover for your Kindle . It remains in place while ou are reading and prevents damage from drops and knocks .
 I just finished my first J.D. Robb -LRB- Nora Roberts -RRB- book and am I hooked . I read it in two days time and tripped over myself to get the next one in the series . What more could a girl want ; suspense , romance , sex and Roarke ? Read this one !!!
 Enjoy the very beginnings of Roarke and Eve 's romance and the world of 2059 . I LOVE this series but will admit it 's not for everyone ... but there are A LOT of us out here !!! Do yourself a favor and begin at the beginning .
 this book was great . the characters are well made and the story is so detailed . unlike other mysteries you womt know who did it untill it is revealed . after you fall in love with it the books that follow only get better !
 This is the first in Nora Roberts AKA J D Robb Death series . I have most of the newer books but wanted to complete this series by getting the first book before it was too late . I am looking forward to more books in this series .
 The product arrived in time and in the condition it was advertised . Very good service !
 I 'M NORMALLY A ROBERT 'S FAN FOR ALL HER ROMANCES & WAS SO THRILLED BY HER BOOKS WHEN I SAW A LISTING FR JD ROBB I WENT OUT & GRABBED THE FIRST BOOK IN THE EVE DALLAS SERIES . IT WAS GREAT COULD N'T WAIT FOR GLORY IN DEATH . DEFINETLY A GREAT FIND & IT WAS WORTH READING IF NOT ONCE THEN OVER AGAIN & AGAIN . I AM LOOKING FORWARD TO READING THE OTERS IN THE SERIES & AS WITH ALL HER OTHER BOOKS , THEY WLL BE SUPERB AS WELL !!!
 While I love all the `` In Death '' books , this one is probably my favorite . It is really great for people who love mysterys , female leads but find that some books do n't keep their attention . This series will have you up at four in the morning angry that the stores are n't open so you can get the next one . It will please everyone . For those who like romance there is a great story between Eve and Rorke and the promise for more to come , while those who are n't into the relationship aspect it will seem the romance part flies by because the story of them getting together adds more depth to the charactors . This book will satisfy everyone .
 The first book of the '' ... In Death '' series is great . The whole series is wonderful . Well crafted with a sharp cast of characters and plots that are thick and scenes that are tense . These are page turners , and `` Naked In Death '' is sure to get you hooked . The premise may detour some readers , but do n't let it . Yes , it is set in 2058 , but it is not Sci-Fi . It 's barely the future at all ! There are some nifty gadgets , sure , but they are not so far-fetched as to be unrelatable . Robb does an excellent job of creating a past -LRB- our future -RRB- for her characters and their country . Very believable and interesting . Legalized prostitution ? Kinda . A gun ban ? Yep . Wealth and Politics ? Some things never change . See what happens when you mix them all together . Eve Dallas is a tough detective and an intriguing protagonist . You 'll laugh , I promise , and you 'll be sucked into the story from the first murder .
 I think this was a wonderful first book to an exciting series.I started with this book and the next thing I know I 've finished all the books in this 8 + book series.I am holding on to my seat for the next book by J.D.Robb .
 It 's such a delight when you find an author who brings a novel perspective to old tales , especially when you can share them with your spouse ! J. D. Robb 's Lt. Eve Dallas is just such a series.The writing is fast , fluent & funny ; the characters are feisty & interesting , & the source of the stories , murder & mayhem , have a different twist as they are set in 2058 in the dire straits of a future America , primarily in New York City & East Washington , -LRB- DC no longer exists -RRB- , & a few off-world locations.The IN DEATH series crosses several genres
 THIS WAS MY FIRST BOOK BY J D ROBB AKA NORA ROBERTS AND I CAN NOT WAIT TO GET MY HANDS ON THE NEXT BOOK . EVE AND ROARKE ARE A GREAT COUPLE AND I LIKE THE IDEA OF GETTING TO KNOW THE CHARACTERS IN THE BOOKS TO FOLLOW . GOOD MYSTERY AND HARD TO PUT DOWN . THE FUTURISTIC PART ADDS TO IT BUT IT DOES NOT TAKE AWAY FROM THE MYSTERY , JUST ADDS ANOTHER ELEMENT TO THE STORY .
 NAKED IN DEATH is a high paced , sexy thriller and it is sure to interest romance and mystery readers alike . This is a very fast paced who done it story . It is the first in the `` Death series '' by this author and I have already ordered the rest of the series.The relationship between Eve and Roarke is the backbone of this series . When they 're together , sparks fly . Highly intelligent and strong-willed , they 're also vulnerable , both with a dark past that they have n't completely overcome.This futuristic series gets better with each book . The plots are totally believable . This is a MUST READ !!!!!!!!!!!!
 I loved this book ! I was reluctant to start this series because I 'd tried to read a couple romantic suspense novels by Nora Roberts and had n't liked them enough to finish them . I figured this would turn out to be the same . However , I could n't put this book down . Because this is a series , the pace of the development of the characters is slower and more realistic than in the romance novels Nora Roberts usually writes . It never felt like the relationship developing between Roarke and Eve was forced or tacked on . I know some people often feel that the mystery element of the In Death books is fairly predictable , but , for the most part , I do n't feel that way . I 'm not a regular mystery reader , so that may be part of it , but the mystery in Naked in Death did keep me guessing . It was n't , however , just the mystery in this book that kept me reading - Roarke and Eve 's relationship is interesting , and both characters have things about them and their pasts that the author only hints at in this book .
 I have read a few of the death books out of order and am now trying to read them in order . I have loved every one and now I know how she got to meet Roarke .
 The book was very good and I would recommed this book to my friends . J.D. Robb is a good writer and story teller and I will continue reading her books
 I love the mix of puzzle and human emotions.The way J.D.Robb mixes human emotions and people who are outside the box makes a really good page turner .
 I am an avid reader and enjoy being able to buy my books so conveniently . Will return when I need more books .
 Of course I enjoy reading books by this author so getting it in great condition for that price was an added blessing . Will be buying morebooks the sameway .
 This was the first in the series . i have read later books and wanted to go back to where they started . Just getting started on a delighted series . Even out of order , the books are the kind you ca n't put down .
 Love this book ! It 's a great read . very suspenseful and easy to follow along . I will definitely be reading the whole series !
 With so many reviews already written on this book it seems little is left to say except that from my viewpoint it was a delightful read . My first In Death book was given to me in 2011 and started in the middle of the series . I was intrigued enough in the how and why of Dallas and Roarke 's meeting to go back and start at the beginning . And because with all of the interaction between so many of the main characters it 's fun to find out how the relationships began and why they continue to evolve . I 've already picked up the next several books in the series and am certain I will find them as enjoyable as the first . Great job of writing J. D. Robb .
 I really like Eve , the heroine in the `` In Death '' series . She was very smart , fearless and dedicated to fighting crime . Having suffered sexual abuses in her past , she had built a fortress around her emotions and the author was effective in portraying her that way , reflected in the way she spoke and handled situations . Chemistry between Eve and Roarke was great and Roarke was so sweet and patient with Eve . The crime in this book was quite dark .
 This is the first in a series of books that I just love to read ... and read and read . Every time a new one comes out I start at the beginning and read them all again . They make me laugh and cry and always keep me entertained .
 I bought this book on an whim knowing that it was part of a series and so glad I did . The In Death series has been great and I have n't been disappointed yet . I love the characters . Eve and Roarke are great together .
 I 'm starting to read th J.D.Robb series and they are wonderful . Finally a series that lets you grow with the characters . Sometimes when you finish a book you ask your self I wonder what they are doing now ? Eve and Roarke are such an special couple , Eve working through the emotional mine field of marriage and a loving relationship with her demanding career Roarke being supportive and loving her just the way she is . Though J.D Robbs has made Roarke a man of means through the books that the greatest wealth Eve receives from him is the emotional and loving understanding he gives her . The other charaters i.e like Peabody , Maris just adds the story lines that you ca n't wait for the next book to come along and see how they are doing and hope that Eve finally gets over her nightmares of her childhood . I have always enjoyed Nora Roberts Books and as J.D Robbs she is now on my list of books that are to keep and to read over and over again . If you in to a romance with a good who done it this is the author for you . I promise if you read one of these books you 'll look around for the next one !
 Naked in Death is a fun , sexy and thrilling beginning to a great series that combines the romance , witty dialogue , strong characters , and neo-futuristic whodunit into one book . The characters of Eve Dallas and Roarke seem destined to be together . The later books in the series will detail their journey together .
 This series is great . I love mystery novels but there are always parts of them I get bored with ; to technical or repetitive . But , this series is not only attention-getting it keeps it till the last page . When you have just had about enough of the mystery it goes to the romance , then just as quickly pushes you back onto the case . Its a buy you wo n't regreat .
 Nora Roberts has done it again , this futuristic series is so fun ! All you huge Nora Roberts fans out there , JD Robb is just as good ! Would recommend reading the series in order , as it helps you to understand the characters better , but not necessary . There 's an introduction that gives you some background on the book before it ! Great buy !
 I 've read many of Nora Roberts other books but had never gotten around to starting the `` in Death '' series . As soon as I picked it up I was hooked . I love the switch on focus from romance to mystery . Besides the great story line the details of how the future has a lot of the same problems we have today were great . The point where Eve Dallas ' Autochef burnt her toast was a high point for me . I really enjoyed the chracter of Eve Dallas because it 's not often you read of female cops and her constant professional attitude was great . Would recomend this series to any Nora Roberts fans .
 `` Naked in death '' is the 1st book in J.D.Robb 's `` In death series '' . The action takes place in N. York -LRB- USA -RRB- , in the year 2058 . Obviously , many things are different -LRB- more technology , some weapons are outlawed , prostitution is legal -RRB- , but others are not . One of the things that does n't change is that even in the future there are murderers , and policemen to take them to jail.Our main character is Lt. Eve Dallas , a homicide detective in Manhattan very good at her job of `` standing for the dead '' , and who dedicates herself totally to her job in order to avoid her past . She is also averse to having a meaningful relationship with anybody , because she does n't want to be vulnerable again.However , one of her criminal investigations -LRB- the gruesome murder of a licenced companion , who happens to be related to a very powerful senator -RRB- leads her to a suspect that she can not help but being attracted to . That is Roarke , a stunningly handsome billionaire with a shady past , who is the main suspect in her criminal case . The victim knew him , was murdered in one of his buildings , with a weapon he could have had access to -LRB- he has a collection of antique guns -RRB- . She tries to maintain objectivity , but Roarke wo n't allow her to do that , as he is also incredibly attracted to this stubborn detective with one weakness
 Good story ! 1st one of her books I 've read in a long time . Looking forward the next one in this series .
 I really love books by J.D.Robb . I plan on buying all her books . Most of witch I have already heard on audio books .
 This one was sad how the people where treated but it also was really good the supence . I never would have guessed the ending .
 I enjoy this series of books , I have read about 5 to 6 as of now . I have loaned them out and recommended them to others . If your looking for an entertaining , easy to read book with twist and turns , you 'll like any in the series .
 I 'm a sci-fi and mystery fan and this has both elements . It was recommended to me by both my mother and brother . I made a list of this J.D. Robb series in order written and got the next one .
 Love Nora Roberts / J.D. Robb books . Have n't read one I did n't like . Recommend to anyone who likes romance suspense books .
 the protagonist in JD Robb 's death series is someone you 'd like to know . intriguing stories . always keeps your interest . Although each plot deals with death , each is variable and unique in many ways .
 I 've read quite a few of J.D. Robb 's books and love the characters . I never thought I 'd like scifi stories but these grabbed me right in the first one I read .
 I love the &#34; In Death &#34; series by JD Robb -LRB- Nora Roberts -RRB- . I have them in hard copy but when my husband bought my a Kindle Fire for Christmas a couple years ago I decided to read them again .
 I stared this series in the middle and read to the most recent ones . Now , I am starting at the beginning . I am excited to see how all the characters get introduced . I love the start of R and E. Itis not two hot people who like each other ... they need each other .
 Had the pleasure of meeting this writer a long time ago ... What A Rush!All of J.D. Robb 's books are works of art ... pure pleasure to read !
 I hardly read contemporary , a co-worker of mine gave me the whole collection . I liked it so much that I am glad I do n't have to pay for them . But Naked in Death is greatly recommended .
 In this , the first book of the `` In Death '' series set in the 2050s , you are introduced to Eve Dallas . Eve is a cop of ten years , and is dedicated to her job . All of her energy goes into hleping people who are murdered , and finding their killers . Eve is driven to do the best that she can by a past that she can not remeber.While investigating the murder of several licensed companions she is introduced to Roarke who , though a suspect , intreges and intrests her . As Eve fights these new fealing the murderer continues to kill his chosen victims . Can she solve the case before even more loose their lives , or handle the memories of her past that the case awakens in her ?
 In New York there 's a lieutenant name Eve Dallas that 's unique in her line of work with years of experience and she 's paired up with a former partner name Feeney . Her first call she gets is a domestic call that puts her in a line of fire that leads to kill the husband that sliced up his baby . Before she could make it to testing that all cops have to go through after they kill a person or two she was called in on a killing of a prostitute . It was n't just any prostitute ; Sharon is the Senator Granddaughter so this takes front roll over everything else . So whatever issue Eve had from the shooting , the testing and feelings goes on the back burner until the killer is found.Eve gets the call from her Captain to report to the gruesome scene and there 's Sharon shoot several times . The killer leaves a note behind telling Eve this is one of six that will take place . A lead comes in letting Eve know that Sharon had a hot date the day before her death . This billionaire name Roarke was her hot date , which gives Eve the incentive to go after this man . It was an attraction for Roarke and not so much for Eve but as the questions come it was something about Eve , Roarke find so sexy . As the investigation moves forward things in Sharon life and the other two women that come up dead is someway connected.Someone out there knows Eve every step and tries to spook her off the case by leaving disc of the murder on her doorstep . But Eve thinks she has it figured until the investigation takes a turn for the worst . The discover of who , what , when and how it happen shocks her off her feet and lands her a billionaire .
 I 've known about this series for quite a while , and I 'm a big Nora Roberts fan , but I had n't really wanted to pick this series up . There 's about a billion books out in the series . What if I ended up loving it ? Then I have to commit myself to buying those billion books just to catch up ! But after hearing such glowing things about this series from most of my Goodreads friends -- especially about Roarke -- I had to finally bight the bullet and get the first book.Now that I 've finished it I do n't know whether to cheer or comfort my wallet . I think I 'm going to have to run to the bookstore and swoop up a bunch of the next books in the series so I can get my glom on.I did n't connect with Roarke the way that most readers seem to , but I expect it comes with time . The relationship and attraction in this book develops pretty quickly -- faster than I expected or wanted -- but I ca n't say I expected any different seeing as this is n't actually a Romance series . Most of the focus was on the case with the romance as the side story . Luckily , I know there 's plenty of time in this series for the author to develop their relationship.It 's no hardship for me to watch their relationship develop over the course of the books since I know that they are together and the author did n't throw any retarded love triangles in there . So I 'm willing to be patient and wo n't complain about the lack of a lot of depth to the relationship and characters yet.It was odd for me to read a book so similar , yet different , from Nora Roberts 's usual style . The characterization , interactions , feel to the developing relationship , and writing felt the same , but the focus was n't on the romance . I liked it . It 's nice to find a new series by this author that I can glut myself on . I was a little nervous that her style would be completely different under the pseudonym , but it was n't where it counted.The details about all the little futuristic gizmos were n't really explained in depth . Everything was mentioned matter-of-factly like talking to someone already familiar with the technology and world . I think some will dislike that , but I honestly preferred it . I do n't mind if authors want to explain , but a detailed explanation about how the spray that seals in oils and fingerprints works is not something I personally need to know . The way it was all presented worked for me.The case -LRB- and Eve 's background -RRB- really tugged at my heartstrings . I thought it was handled well by the author , but I still feel helplessly enraged to know stuff like that happens constantly.I really enjoyed seeing our timeframe discussed and researched for the case . It was fun to see the differences between that time and this one and it provided a nice opportunity for me to see where their culture differed without huge infodumps.Now to go get my hands on Glory in Death ...
 This is the first in the series and they just get better and better !
 Although I did n't start this series with the first book like I should have , this is the one to read to get the ball rolling . The charaters are unforgetable and some of the scenes stay in your head forever . -LRB- Got ta love the coffee ! -RRB- Reviewed by Rosanna Filippello Author of the Angelo Mysteries Series published by JustMyBest inc. . Book One -- Angel of Death , Book Two -- Angelo of Justice -LRB- Angel of Truth to be released Fall of 2005 -RRB- www.detective-angelo-mysteries.com
 I picked up this book by recommendation and the first thing I asked was , `` this is n't a foofy , chicky character is it '' - the answer is a big fat NO . This is just a warm up to the next 15 or so books in the series . Slowly the characters are being built with real content and variety of personalities , not the same person with a different name all the time . If you want mystery , action , sex , strength and anticipation start here and work your way through the series .
 This is a re-release ... but do n't let that stop you . This is a fantastic series . If you have n't started reading the series , try it . If you have , then read it again . Actually , I do n't have this book in hardback yet ... guess this will be the next addition to my library !
 JD Robb is the alter ego of romance novelist Nora Roberts . AS JD Robb , she writes a futuristic mystery/suspense series featuring Lieutenant Eve Dallas and billionaire Roarke.Naked in Death is the first in the series - it takes place many years into the future -LRB- 2058 -RRB- . It is fascinating to see how much things have advanced - the future is full of technology , rules/regulations , legalized prostitution and contraband luxuries . But even with all these advancements , there is still murder.Eve is investigating a serial killing and she finds out that she is falling for one of the main suspects , Roarke . The serial killer is targeting prostitutes and using outlawed guns to make his point . The investigation is complicated by the fact that one of the victims is connected to a very influential political family . That family , and Eve herself , have secrets to keep hidden -- secrets that have to be uncovered to stop the killerNaked in Death introduces Eve and Roarke and their complex relationship . As a couple , they are compelling and have definate chemistry . Despite the killings and Eve 's past , they manage to begin their relationship which will progress in the books that follow and continue the series.The plot of the book is fast paced . The ending conclusion and revelation of the murderer comes as a surprise . Naked in Death is a great start to the Death series .
 Naked in Death is the first in a series set in 2058 . The security is more sophisticated ; droids take care of the mundane tasks , interplanetary travel is the norm , etc ; however , murder still has to be solved one clue at a time . The new heroine is Lt. Eve Dallas and the murder of a `` licensed '' prostitute is a code five which means that she must keep her findings classified.The first prostitute to die is the granddaughter of a high profile senator ... the whole family is high profile and self important . The second and third prostitutes to die are apparently less important and not related to each other . EXCEPT that the killer leaves notes saying l of 6 , 2 of 6 , 3 or 6 , etc. . One of the suspects is Roarke , the richest , and of course , most handsome men in the world . It 's an unlikely alliance , but Eve and Roarke become involved leading the way to future books . The suspense is good to the end with a surpise killer . If the subsequent stories are as good , this will be a fun series to follow and read . I recommend Naked in Death .
 As my first J.D Robb book and being a fan of Nora Roberts I found this book facinating . Once I started to read it , I found it hard to put down . The combination of Mystery/Romance/Suspense and Sci-fi is really hard to resist . I am now an avid J.D Robb fan and can hardly wait for my next order to come .
 I really enjoyed this book . I will continue reading the series since it is so much fun . However , I was frustrated that I could n't easily find the order of the other books in the series from my kindle . So , I am adding it here for myself and for others.Naked in DeathImmortal in DeathRapture in DeathCeremony in DeathVengeance in DeathHoliday in DeathSilent Night `` Midnight in Death `` Conspiracy in DeathLoyalty in DeathWitness in DeathJudgment in DeathBetrayal in DeathOut of this World `` Interlude in Death `` Seduction in DeathReunion in DeathPurity in DeathPortrait in DeathImitation in DeathRemember WhenDivided in DeathVisions in DeathSurvivor in DeathOrigin in DeathMidnight in DeathInterlude in DeathBump in the NightMemory in DeathBorn in DeathInnocent in DeathDead of NightCreation in Death
 The first in a long running line of mysteries , ` Naked In Death ' by J.D. Robb -LRB- aka Nora Roberts -RRB- is an excellent introduction to the world of 2058 and NYPSD homicide Detective-Lieutenant Eve Dallas . New York has changed a lot in the future , at once more permissive -LRB- prostitution is legal -RRB- and repressive -LRB- pregnancy is regulated by the state -RRB- . But these differences are only a backdrop to the quite interesting story of Dallas ' search for a serial killer and her burgeoning relationship with Irish billionaire -LRB- and murder suspect -RRB- Roarke . Eve is a very interesting character , a very effective investigator , focused totally on the job . She has a dark past behind her that she has chosen to do her best to ignore and suppress . Roarke is fun , a man who raised himself from the gutter with not totally legal tactics to become very powerful . He retains a slightly disdainful opinion of the law and really wants thaw the icy Lieutenant . The story has a startling climax that I 'm not even going to hint at , but I think it 's one the book 's best points . I 'm really looking forward to reading the next installment in this series and highly recommend this one to everybody .
 This being the first book I 've read of Nora Roberts under the name J.D. Robb , and I 'm happy to say I 'm thoroughly impressed . I 'm generally a Nora Roberts fan , though I admit I 've found some of her books somewhat sappy . Not so in this case . It was a perfect blend of mystery and romance , with a few quirks thrown in . Being set in the future , Miss Roberts did a fine job of excercising that fascinating imagination of hers . Bravo !
 Damn ! I wish I had n't done that ! `` Naked in Death '' is the first in JD Robb 's popular Death series which is now almost two dozen novels strong ... and I loved it ! My pocketbook will protest and my bookshelves will be groaning under the ever increasing load as I begin the quest to accumulate the rest of the series.Eve Dallas is a lieutenant in the New York City Police Department . The story is set in 2058 - a future near enough to be entirely recognizable but far enough away that Robb can postulate some very interesting technological and cultural developments - guns have been banned ; prostitution is legal and completely regulated ; cars have an auto-pilot setting ; VR simulations have advanced to a heart-stopping , palm-sweating , gut-wrenching reality that is light years beyond the technology we know of today ; smoking is almost a thing of the past ; police weaponry consists only of lasers and high powered stun guns with handguns firing real bullets available only in museums and private collections ; and , would you believe it , recreational `` hotels '' for the &uuml;ber - wealthy are actually in continuous orbit above the earth!The murder , on the other hand , is one we are , sadly , all too familiar with - the violent , gruesome , almost ritualistic slaying of a sex trade worker , now known by the euphemism `` licenced companion '' , which is only the first of an intended series by a serial killer . He left behind a note ... `` ONE OF SIX '' ! This particular licenced companion , Sharon DeBlass , just happened to be the grand-daughter of a US Senator and you might well imagine the political pressure that is being brought to bear on Dallas and NYPD to solve the case . When the investigation points in the direction of Roarke , a self-made reclusive billionaire , the heat and passion in the novel is turned up a notch as Dallas finds herself in the unenviable position of falling for a man who just might be the killer she 's looking for!I do n't think I can give Robb top marks for the plot - the solution is just a little too predictable and can be seen a fair distance from the end of the novel . But `` Naked in Death '' certainly earns both thumbs well turned up in every other way - dialogue , characterization , setting , humour -LRB- the side plot about the husband 's murder by Hetta Finestein , a lovable little gray haired old lady , is a positive hoot -RRB- , imagination , novelty , creativity and more . And I have to hand it to Robb ... she writes a mean sex scene . Whew ! They 're footloose , they 're well-timed , they 're playful and they 're enough to bring a little sheen of sweat up on your brow!Highly recommended ! Romance , police procedural , mystery , science fiction ... you name it , they all fit . If you like a lightweight , easy-going enjoyable read in any of those genres , you 'll enjoy `` Naked in Death '' . Paul Weiss
 The In Death series is one of my favorite books series . I just love the relationship between Eve and Roarke . I thought it was time to go back and read the first book again . It was wonderful to be re-introduced to both Eve and Roarke . I liked Eve 's dedication to her job . I was less comfortable with her notion that her only value was through her job . She said , more than once , that without the job she was nothing . I liked Roarke 's determination to see where the relationship with Eve would go . He was definitely the more emotionally daring of the two of them . I liked that Eve did trust Roarke and stand up for him.The mystery itself was less compelling mainly because I remembered who the criminal was . I liked the way the futuristic society was introduced without the infusion of large `` info-dumps . `` This was a good start to a series that grows richer and more entertaining with each additional volume . I recommend them to all readers of romantic suspense .
 I 've got a crush on Roarke ! Oh , man , he is HOT!Okay , now , the book . J.D. Robb , pseudonym for Nora Roberts , has written a series of 25 books about Eve Dallas , the finest of New York 's finest and a homicide detective , and Roarke , her incredibly rich , incredibly sexy , incredibly handsome , incredibly smart lover from Dublin . What a terrific combination!Now , we add a weird element . The setting is NYC in the year 2058 . I do n't really care for sci fi , but this element only makes this yummy series more appealing . The stories and people are not extreme in sci-fi weirdness , but the future brings cool new conveniences and interesting changes to their lives . People travel off-planet now and then ; robots provide household services and security ; cops use laser guns ; cars have auto-pilot settings ; prostitution is legal and regulated ; and , food is supplied and prepared by machines that people stock.Eve and Roarke are two lost souls who make each other whole . Eve is so independent , good at her job , beautiful , full of compassion for victims of crimes , and emotionally needy . Roarke is so good at everything he does , particularly taking care of Eve . They fall passionately in love and simply can not live without each other.The plot is incidental . The real story is about Eve and Roarke , and it is wonderful and fun .
 An edgy , fast paced , yet insightful novel , providing murder , police drama and romance in a futuristic setting . New York detective Eve Dallas is assigned to the murder of a high class hooker with ties to a prominent family . The investigation leads her through twists and turns and she becomes involved with Roarke , one of her suspects , making her question herself and begin to come to terms with her own mysterious past.A gripping lead in to the series .
 I was a fan of mystery novels before I stumbled upon Roberts `` Born In '' romance series . Loved the romance but by the 3rd book in the trilogy , I was pretty bored with romance alone . This series is the best thing I 've ever stumbled upon . While you 're enthralled in the romance , you 're thinking `` who did it ?? '' , while you 're enthralled in the mystery , you 're thinking `` are they going to ` do ' it ?? '' -LRB- ha ha -RRB- . Not big in sci-fi , I could have done without the future , but it does n't interfere enough for non-sci-fi fans , and actually adds a little flavor to the story.I can not put these books down . I 'm on the 3rd in the series , excited that there are about 15 more to go ! At this pace , I 'll probably have the whole series read by the end of next week!Die - hard mystery fans may be disappointed , as will die-hard romance fans . But if you like a little of everything , there 's no better place to go !
 Absolutely loved this book . Love these much better than her books as Nora Roberts . Great romance with heaps of chemistry , suspense , murder , mystery , a little science fiction . Love the characters . Up to the 4th book now and not tiring of them .
 I had never read any of J.D. Robb 's books until a friend recently recommended them to me as a `` Great Futuristic Female Detective Read , with strong characters and a lot of wit and humor . '' Well ... I will give my friend kudos for gettingthat spot on ... but she failed to mention all of the `` way too graphic sex scenes '' . I am not a person who thinks `` Sex Sells '' A Book or a Movie ... and I normally avoid books with a lot of sex and bad language . They just are n't needed to entertain me . We have over indulged imaginations as it is ... we do n't need every detail painted in vividly graphic sensationalism.For me a Great Story Line and believable and interesting charaters are what makes for a Great Read . I loved both her plot and her characters . I just wish she did n't have to add the sex to sell an already good series . It would hold it 's own with out all that.But , I WILL LEAVE FURTHER JUDGEMENT UP TO YOUR OWN PERSONAL LIKES AND DISLIKES.Happy to Review Books For Other Booklovers!So many books ... so little time , peggy
 This is the one that started my obsession with this series but I did n't actually like this particular story , which is ironic to me because now , many books later I ca n't wait for the next to be out.One of the things that drew me to the series was knowing that if I liked it , there were so many -LRB- over 30 books and counting , not including the short stories -RRB- to read after this one . And that it took place in the future.I was n't a Nora Roberts fan , I did n't -LRB- and do n't -RRB- read romance novels , my main authors are Stephen King -LRB- who 's quoted in EW as liking and considering future novel in the series `` Born in Death '' as `` SVU in the Future , '' something I kind of agree with -RRB- , Dean Koontz , Patricia Cornwell , John Grisham , and Faye Kellerman , and I rarely stray from them . But when they could n't keep up with my need to read , or changed how or what they wrote about , I started looking for new authors to read.My aunt recommended this series because of it 's future/mystery aspect and it interested me enough to give this first book a try . I was determined to read them in order , she insisted it did n't matter , but I 've learned along the way that it does matter if the little details matter . There are small mentions of past stories -LRB- or details from past stories -RRB- in future books , so if you have n't read any in the series yet , you definitely want to start with this first one.While I did n't love the first one , I did like it enough to keep keep reading , and 30 + books later I 'm reading the latest and saddened to know there will be a waiting period before I can read the next . *** slight spoiler *** I started reading these back to back and initially got annoyed by the formulaic style , Eve always needing someone -LRB- Roarke usually -RRB- to come to her rescue and usually because she could n't just wait for backup or take someone with her to investigate . So I 'd alternate with some other author to keep it fresh and eventually the formula changes and alternates so every book did n't end the same way . *** end slight spoiler *** And the characters have grown and evolved with each book so it does n't feel like you 're reading the same story over and over again . I 've grown to really likethem -LRB- the characters -RRB- and look forward to reading about them in each new book.While I have n't loved every story or every aspect of every story along the way , the series as a whole has kept my attention and I 've grown to really look forward to when I can read more . Always happy to hear that a new one is coming out so I hope she never tires of writing this series .
 I have heard many times about the In Death series by JD Robb , but I never had the opportunity to try it out , and I was daunted by the number of books already released -LRB- 35 -RRB- in this series . However , one day audible had a sale , and Naked In Death was on the list , I figured I would finally give it a try . Naked in Death hooked me in with the determined detective heroine , the intrigue of a murder investigation , the futuristic world , and of course , Roarke , the hard-edged billionaire who falls for the detective.I found the setting to be quite interesting and even believable , guns are out-dated , they are collectible only , lasers are the new weapon , communication devices include video , electronics work on voice command , and there are living communities on the moon and in space . What also relates more to this story is that prostitution has been legalized an regulated . Escorts have to take classes , be licensed , and be drug free . In return , there are no pimps and prostitution is considered a profession.When a Senator 's granddaughter , who is a licensed prostitute , is murdered with an old fashioned gun , Lieutenant Eve Dallas is put on the case . There are challenges , twists , turns , and Eve has to confront her own past demons to solve this case . Warning
 I have never had much interest in reading mysteries . I am a reader who likes my books simple but fun . I do n't like having to think too much while trying to enjoy a story . Little did I know that I was wrong . After hearing so much hype around this series by J.D. Robb -- who is actually Nora Roberts -- I finally caved and decided to venture into this genre of reading . I had to see what all the fuss was about and to finally figure out what all the other people were swooning about whenever ` Roarke ' was uttered in a sentence.Lt . Eve Dallas is searching for a serial killer . A killer that takes enjoyment in killing licensed prostitutes while playing mind games with the police is just the tip of the iceberg in this story . While Eve is trying to pin down who the killer is , she is also dealing with other cases , political personnel who think they are owed their undivided attention , and a suspect who is quickly becoming a person of interest in her personal life . Now granted , I guessed the killer early on but it still was a surprise to discover I was actually right ! I also found that the mystery part of the book was n't at all difficult to follow along with . The author did a wonderful job of only revealing certain things at certain times to keep the reader second guessing.Now lets talk about Roarke . Hotness has entered the pages and taken over this readers imagination ! Roarke demands attention and leaves you wanting more . I could n't wait until Roarke stepped into a scene in the book because he brings Eve to life and leaves the reader drooling . He is smart , rich , sexy and has an accent -- the ultimate reader fantasy ! Eve struggles not only with personal reasons in letting Roarke into her life , but she also deals with job fallout as well when they get hot and heavy . I was cheering for Eve and Roarke the whole time and I loved how Eve finally opened up to him . I ca n't help but think that Eve still has a bunch of history to work out in future books involving her past . I also ca n't wait to learn more about Roarke 's past as well.I admit that my review is a little scarce on the plot , but I am worried about giving too much away in case you have n't read it yet . I will tell you that there are some amazing side characters as well and that the main characters will keep you interested up until the end . I am now a new fan of romantic suspense that author J.D. Robb obviously knows how to write . Bring on the next book because it is going to be a fun ride to read about !
 I picked this book up and read the back cover as I am alway intereste in cop mysteries . When I read that it was set in the future I was n't sure I would like it but picked it up anyway . Wow was this book well worth the read . It is extremely well written and keeps your interest from begining to end . It is not predictable as many are . This is why I stopped reading Mary Higgens Clark as I could figure out the killer by the middle of the book . This book is a must buy if you are interest in cop mysteries as it is so well written that it makes the future believable . I couldnt put it down .
 Naked in Death is the first book in a 34 book series -LRB- so far -RRB- by Nora Roberts -LRB- writing under the name `` J.D. Robb '' -RRB- . The series is about a police officer named Eve Dallas . She is a homicide detective , she takes her work very seriously . She has a tragic past.This book concerns a case of three women who were murdered and Eve 's work to find the killer and bring them to justice . As in every good mystery there are twists , turns and surprises along the way . She is romanced during this investigation by ` Roarke ' a mysterious wealthy man who may or may not have something to do with her case.I was engrossed with this book while reading it . The characters were interesting and complex , the plot was realistic , and the way the story unfolded was entertaining to the reader . I would recommend this book to those who enjoy mysteries and contemporary action with moments of chilling surprise . This book does have adult themes , not for most under 18 .
 I was not a Nora Roberts fan but my mom recommended her books written as JD Robb ... and I was hooked ! I started at the beginning , `` Naked In Death '' and just finished her latest on my Kindle ! Every book in the series builds on itself . For those that like to see characters develop and deepen will really enjoy this series . Am looking forward to where Ms Robb will take Eve Dallas-Roarke ! Happy reading everyone !
 I own every one of the JD Robb books . A librarian recommended them to me several years ago , knowing that anything Nora Roberts writes is right up my alley . I love the way they build on each other and ca n't imagine anyone not thoroughly enjoying all of them .
 i really enjoy jd robb , eve dallas books , and wish they would make it into a tv series or movie . a lot of things in her books have come to pass , like cars that park themselves , cell phones that link to fb and internet and even ipads that do it all . i love the romance between the main characters , Eve and Roark . All the characters are likeable and believable . I have read all the eve dallas books and listened the audio books also .
 I have been reading Robb 's books for sometime and love , love , love them . Even though they are set in the future , they are still very believable . I hope they continue for a long time .
 I have read every single book in the series . Recently I decided to back track and start over at book one . I love these books and I am so happy I started over . The futuristic style throws you off at first but once you let your imagination go with the story it is very realistic as to how the future could be . Romance and suspense , these books have it all . Learning of Eve 's childhood and her secrets pull you in even farther . Remember to read the books in order , I love the story never ends like most books . Book one is a must as it introduces future characters .
 Read from March 02 to 06 , 2012Read for FunChallenges
 Naked In Death By J. D. RobbEve Dallas has to find out who the murderer is and tosolve the problem of the missing items . Many murders that areprobably connected . The romance is hot and very steamy.Very gory and violent content-more than what I normallyread but the story line is very good and exciting and verydescriptive . Love the computer technology conversations , reallyin depth hacking .
 Naked in Death by J. D. RobbBerkley ~ July 1995Brilliance Audio ~ 2008Narrator Susan Ericksen4 Stars ! ~ ~ ~ This is a futuristic murder mystery with a great cast of characters and scorching chemistry between the hero and heroine!First off , I 'd like to commend the narrator , Susan Ericksen ! She did a phenomenal job reading this book and kept me intrigued and riveted from the beginning . Through Ms. Ericksen 's talent I was easily able to distinguish the characters as her nuances brought them alive . Now , to the story . I 'm a lover of intrigue and mystery , so I 'm not sure how I managed to miss this series when it first started in 1995 . Just a note though , there is graphic violence . Eve Dallas is a flawed heroine whose experiences as a child weigh heavy on her as an adult . She 's passionate about her job and though she is hardened by her experiences she 's not totally numb like she 'd prefer to be . Roarke is a perfect match for Eve . He often crosses the line of the law , but never in a sinister way . He 's a bit of a rogue and a definite charmer ! The love scenes are hot and the emotion though often intense , is also tender . The mystery was very well written , as were the details of the not so distant future . I 'm very much looking forward to listening to book two in this series .
 i love j.d. robb i own every in death book they put in audio form . i wish it was unabridged but then you cant have it all . In this book the main charcters or born and start to develup . I enjoy it very much every time i listen to it .
 I have to admit that I was n't really all that interested in reading these books ... until I had read some recent reviews of several titles in the series . When I happened to see the omnibus edition of the first two In Death books I figured , why not give them a shot?Somehow , in reading those reviews I did n't realize these books were set in the future , which gives them an interesting twist . Actually , at times I wished that there was more emphasis on the fact that these books are set in the future -- Robb could have supplied more detail in that respect . The story is certainly not for the faint of heart , and I should have realized that there would be more than enough sex , as well , given who we 're dealing with -LRB- Robb a.k.a Nora Roberts -RRB- . I skimmed over that and dealt with the foul language -- I suppose it made sense for the story , regardless of whether or not I actually liked it . The storyline was interesting , if a bit predictable . But at the same time there were enough twists that I did n't have it totally figured out by the end . Robb does a pretty good job with the characters -- Eve and Roarke are fairly well-developed -LRB- Eve more so than Roarke -RRB- , and the antagonistic characters are definitely not likable in the slightest.I plan to read the next book , Glory In Death , sometime soon , though I do n't know that I 'll continue the series beyond those two books . My reading tastes do n't really include a lot of sex and foul language . All the same , Robb writes a good , suspenseful mystery and I could appreciate the story for that in itself .
 Honestly , I was really surprised that I liked this book so much . So much so , that I went to the library as soon as I was done with the book to search for the next one . I 've never read any of Nora Robert 's books and wrongly assumed that I would n't like her books because she is a well known mainstream romance author . I enjoyed the gritty feel of the novel and the slow , burn of the romance between Eve and Roarke . The plot did n't feel contrived at all . The only thing I 'd say is that the futuristic feel of the book is just not that strong - not that it 's really a bad thing . I guess I 'm just use to reading more paranormal/urban fantasy books where things are so different than the real world.I love Eve and Roarke 's characters . While many authors write stories with a strong female character , the strength often crumbles at the drop of a difficult situation . This is not so with Eve . She was consistent in her actions and thoughts . Roarke was a great balance of the strong , powerful , alpha male that was also sensitive and vulnerable . A slow build up to the romance is what I prefer and exactly what I got.It 's exciting to see that there are so many books in this series and that the ratings have been consistently high because I suspect these books will keep me interested and entertained for a long time to come .
 I am pleased to have a new , good detective series to read . This one kept me up until 3:00 am and even then I forced myself to put it down . The futuristic picture of New York is interesting , and the murder mystery is well constructed . Eve is another emotionally damaged but lovable detective as is Harry Bosch in Michael Connelly 's books . Keep these coming !
 As a long time Nora Roberts fan , I was eager to start on this series written under the pseudonym J.D Robb . Fortunately I was not disappointed.The Plot : Eve Dallas in a Lieutenant of the New York Police Department in the year 2058 . She is currently investigating the brutal murder of a prostitute . On her long list of suspects is Roarke , a multi-billionaire charmer . As Eve finds herself emotionally involved with Roarke , even to the point of trusting him , the pressure is on for her to find the real killer.What Makes It a Five Star Read : The suspense and mystery are unquestionably entertaining . The romance is hot and sweet . The balance between the two is flawless , a tribute to Robb 's impeccable writing style . The tone of the whole book makes it flow easily and quickly.To me the series looks very promising . I would recommend this book to fans of mystery , suspense , and romance .
 You wo n't be disappointed in starting this '' ... in Death '' series with this first book `` Naked in Death '' by JD Robb -LRB- Nora Roberts -RRB- . I have had listened to the whole series in audio books format , and I 'm delighted that all installments are read by the same narrative , Susan Erickson . Robb puts strength in her lead character , Lt. Eve Dallas . I have turned many friends on to this series . It 's fun , captivating , romantic , suspenseful , and thoroughly entertaining . Robb/Roberts ' strength in writing is only enhanced by Erickson voice . Susan 's voice inflections and her voice differentiation of characters , the Irish in Roarke 's voice are truly captivating and makes for great listening ! Kudos to a job well done !! A dynamite combination !
 If you love mysteries with a big dose of steamy romance on the side , buy this book . This is the first of many `` InDeath '' books , all of them starring Lieutenant Eve Dallas of NYPSD , circa 2058 . InDeath fans are legion and global ; there are websites devoted to discussing the books and the characters . There are short fan-produced videos on YouTube , most of them junk but a handful of surprisingly good quality and content . Character `` Kate Beckett '' of tv show `` Castle '' was very obviously modeled on Eve Dallas , at least for the first season -LRB- Rank , expertise & dedication to the job , physical appearance and coffee addiction are straight out of InDeath -RRB- . Start with this book , and if you like it , read the rest of them in sequence by publication date . While each book stands on its own , you 'll get caught up in the continuing saga of various recurring characters , most especially the leading man in the series . Oh , and if you did n't already know - J.D. Robb is Nora Roberts . If you like Nora , you 'll love InDeath books . -LRB- note
 When I first heard about this series I was a little taken aback by it being set in the future . As someone who has n't really read any futuristic/sci-fi books , I did n't quite know what to expect.After reading the first couple of chapters I was hooked , and the futuristic tones of the books just seemed to flow with the book , and did not become a distraction at all . I actually found the new technology parts very intriguing.This is an excellent first book in the series that had me rapidly turning the pages to find out what would happen next . I ca n't wait to continue this series . Happy reading !
 An avid Nora Roberts fan , I decided to read an ebook version of Creation in Death and loved the characters . So I purchased this book to start from the top . What a read ! I love the characters , the gritty writing and the futuristic view of the city . Hard to put down , and hating it to be over , it just cemented that I have a lot more reading to do ! So many books , so little time !
 This book combines Nora Roberts wonderful , sexy romances with a good solid mystery novel . I love how strong Eve , the lead female character is . And how she is not made perfect and beautiful , but flawed and vulnerable like the rest of us . Of course Roarke is exquisite , as all fantasy men should be . I enjoyed the byplay between all the characters and I love the mystery aspects . I own all of the series so far and have been rarely disappointed . If you love this one you will love them all . Nora Roberts keeps each book fresh and moving by not repeating ANYTHING . Be that plot line or love scene .
 Naked in DeathI enjoyed this book immensely ! I started the J.D. Robb books a year ago and finally got around to her very first book in the series . Her futuristic crime solving techniques and Eve Dallas ' life with Roarke have always kept me entertained .
 I have been a big fan of Franken , and this is one of his best books , if not the best.Nobody , but nobody exemplifys Liberalism as well as Franken , and he should be the Democrat 's choice to run in 2008 . To choose anyone like they did in 2004 or others that are jockeying for nomination now , would be nothing short of an injustice . This book shows there is no topic that he does n't have an astute knowledge of or an ability far exceeding the `` luminars '' who have hijacked the great Democratic Party of the past.Remember Kennedy and Truman , then why not Franken?In the last Election , the Democrats skated all over the map trying to tell what they would do to confront the War on Terror.Franken gives the solution on page 119 . Just deal with Terrorists the same way as with disgruntled employees ; study and smoke out your enemy , and find `` places to hide once the shooting starts '' . Another great asset he has over other candidates is being Bilingual ; English and Profanity.He wo n't have to search for the politically correct name or description to tag someome who is giving him a hard time.He can respond with both barrels and they 'll wish they 'd taken their venom out on someone else.By the way , as you read this book , make a note of these names ; they 'll come in handy to you too.He has another great talent seldom found in Democrats ; he can tell a Republican something and it will be listened to and acted upon.Look at his wonderful book , `` Rush Limbaugh is a Big Fat Idiot '' . Obviously , Rush read it , took action and look at the fine specimen of humanity he has become.See , he can even reach out to opponents , a crucial benefit to a President.If he has a little spare time , he could do wonders for Ted Kennedy and even Michael Moore.He has also shown on page 109 , that he understands the progression of life . If given the opportunity , he 'll to breathe new life into the Party.His cycle of life `` is not a steady progression , but falls into distinct phases : youth , middle age , old age,decrepitude,senility,round-the-clock geriatic care , and prolonged agony before death '' . After the last two elections it takes someone like Franken to keep the Party from sliding into the final stages of progression.Now , I believe Al has shown us his high intelect and superior grasp of wisdom.But even at that , he has one thing that is holding him back ; and it is strikingly evident on the book 's cover.Al , needs to do something about his hat.Remember President Kennedy and his top hat on Inaugration Day , President Truman and his hats , President LBJ and his Stetsons , Prime Minister Churchill and his Bowlers , and the grandest of all , Napoleon and George Washington.If any more is needed to convince him , think about Al Capone and the master of hats , Frank Sinatra -LRB- `` The Way You Wear Your Hat '' . Then , there 's President Clinton and his Baseball Hat . . see what I mean?It just does n't make it.Can you imagine President Franken holding a a press conference with the White House Press Corps.When being hammered by the press over torture of prisoners , he 'll tell them what toture really is.I leave it to you to find it in the book.Anyway , Al has put it all in this great book ; he 's done his part ; now it 's up to the Party.A terrific book , a great entertaining read ; especially for all those people and countries outside America ; especially Europe , who think they know better how to run America than the Americans themselves.If they think they have all the answers , they have plenty to work on at home.Canada included!God Bless America
 If you 're expecting one of Franken 's biting political satires , you 'll be disappointed . If you 're expecting Stuart Smalley , you 'll be disappointed . If you have no expectations whatsoever , and your sense of humor is even remotely in tune with Franken 's , you 'll have a blast -LRB- plan on a -RRB- chuckling a lot , b -RRB- laughing hysterically only slightly less , and c -RRB- even -LRB- who knew ? -RRB- being moved from time to time -RRB- . Though it is mostly wiseacre -LRB- no slight intended -RRB- , OTIK is , in places , also quite wise . It is a very quick read , more entertainingly digested in one fell swoop , IMHO , than piecemeal . OTIK is proof positive , as though further proof were necessary , that Al Franken is one very funny -LRB- and thoughtful -RRB- guy . I loved it !
 I had a setback at work and felt depressed . Despite my poor mood I decided to read this book . It had me laughing out loud and tremendously cheered . Some of the advice is even worthwhile . I read several passages to my husband and he had a good laugh as well .
 Al Franken 's latest offering takes the form of an advice book supposedly targetted at college graduates . But unlike his previous books , Rush Limbaugh is a Big Fat Idiot and Why Not Me ? , which were filled with the humor of a true political junkie , there is relatively little political humor in this book . Instead , it is replete with joke after hilarious joke about the roller coaster ride of life.The book is relatively short -LRB- I read it from cover to cover in a couple of hours -RRB- , but just about every page elicited a hearty belly laugh . Franken is a master of understatement and satire . More than any humor book I 've read before , most paragraphs have been written as their own carefully crafted , self-contained jokes . But Franken ties them all together so as to weave a coherent whole.Be warned
 This is quite possibly the worst guide to success ever written ; however , it is by far one of the funniest ! Full of all kinds of twisted information , the trick is realizing that there is truth in there ; it 's just not spoonfed to you . The ideas are fairly sound - it 's just that the examples are so off the wall , you 'd have to be crazy to believe them.If you read this for the humor and not the advice -LRB- as I 'm almost positive it was intended -RRB- , then you 're in for a treat . If not , well , you 've been warned .
 This book made me laugh at least five and a half times every page and a quarter , which is a remarkable achievement . It 's a great read from front to back or in any other pattern of your own personal design . Truly a funny book !
 If Dr. Suess could order from Amazon.com from where he is now , he would be rolling -- with laughter -- in his grave . Al Franken spoofs the title of The Doctor 's hit book and sticks it to the many self-help and inspirational books along the way.Franken is the early 21st century 's perfect satirist , mixing late 20th century irony with HUGE vaudevillian , television and comedy club-style belly laughs . I liked this book better than his most popular book , Rush Limbaugh is a Big Fat Idiot . Franken 's genius is that he never overexposes himself so each book is a deliciously fresh comedy morsel -- and he keeps getting better , more perceptive and FUNNIER.The laughs start early , when he talks about his pipe-smoking , good-humored father and how `` this quantity time spent with my father , laughing and coughing phlegm ... inspired me in choosing my life 's work
 Al has done it again with a laugh-out-loud book on loads of everyday topics . I just wish it could have been longer .
 One of the humor highlights of my adult life was listening to Al Franken 's Rush Limbaugh Is a Big , Fat Idiot on tape . This book I read on paper , but it 's just as funny -- and , which I did n't expect , has some semi-poignant , actually useful advice in it .
 This is a deeply funny book . Perhaps it 's not up to par with Franken 's other work , but it is certainly one of the funniest things I 've read all year ... especially if you 've read any of the self-help and career books that he parodies . I intend to pair it up with a genuine self-help book for certain troubled youths that I know , to make the pill go down smoother.It is filled with advice excellent for elbowing your way to the top , whether in the corporate boardroom , the kindergarten , or the discount liquor store . True , he probably wrote most of it in the bathroom . True , this is not a finely crafted work redolent of the artist 's dedication . True , he subtly mocks us for spending money on a book he pulled out of his bottom . But who cares ? I enjoyed it and have read it at least twice with amusement .
 This book is really funny . I 've read a lot of humorists ' books , and the jokes mostly sit there and die . But this made me laugh out loud , a lot of times . To put it in Gene Siskel terms , this thin book is fat with laughs.Parents , this is about a good a graduation gift as you can find . And everyone else should buy it too -- they wo n't be disappointed .
 Al Franken creates an enjoyable read once again . Not politically focussed , Franken shows that he is more than just a political comedian . His latest book gives his take on life 's lessons and truisms . The book reads in no time , and is sure to bring a smile to your face throughout . Absolutely would make an excellent gift.My only wish was that there was more material from this brilliant , funny mind . Here 's hoping Al gets a forum which allows more regular exposure for us .
 I thought Why Not Me was pretty tired , but this book is great . It 's truly hilarious ! By the way , he is not pandering to Oprah , he is making fun of her ! It 's satire . . get it ! SATIRE !!! p.s. Al , you can get the number for my bank account from Amazon if you like .
 Some good advice
 Read Al Franken 's OH , THE THINGS I KNOW ! ... it containstongue-in-cheek advice for just about anybody , ranging fromthose about to start work -LRB- `` Oh , Are You Going to Hate YourFirst Job ! '' -RRB- to the golden years of senior citizenship -LRB- `` Oh , the Nursing Home You 'll Wind Up In ! '' -RRB- . Franken tries to be helpful , but sometimes he ca n't helptelling it like it REALLY is ... for instance , he notes , `` Someone once said it is just as easy to fall in love with a rich person as with a poor one . Actually that 's not true . It 's easier to fall in love with a rich person . But to get them to love you back , that 's harder . `` My only regret is that he just wrote the book ... had hewritten it earlier , I could have avoided the oh-so-many mistakes that I 've made in my life.Some of Franken 's wit and wisdom falls flat , but overall , I laughed at several passages ... among them : -LSB- on investing -RSB- Follow your gut ! If you find yourself using a product , invest in it . You see , I was n't using Enron , but I was using Bounty towels . Had I made an equivalent investment in Bounty 's manufacturer , Procter & Gamble , I would have reaped adisappointing , but respectable , 3 percent return rather thansuffering a 99.8 percent loss . -LSB- on dieting -RSB- Do you really need that pork chop ? No . Especiallysince you did n't even order it , and it 's on the plate of the person next to you . Resist the urge to take food off the plates of other people in restaurants . Or , if you must , at least ask , `` Are you going to finish that ? '' -LSB- on getting along with his wife -RSB- Another secret to our longand successful accommodation is a little trick we have forsmoothing over the many rough patches . It 's very simple butvery effective . We do n't go to bed angry . We stay up and fight !
 This is a satire of advice books , and each chapter has a funny title . It has his usual dark humor . It has been a while since I read this book , but I remember that it seemed to cheer me up . Specifically the chapter titled Oh , Are You Going to Hate Your First Job !
 More like a series of Saturday Night Live-style monologues rather than advice . Favorites include , `` Oh , The Bad Investments You Will Make '' , `` Oh , If You Engage in Bondage/Sado-masochism Make Sure You Use a Safeword '' , `` Oh , How You Will Hate Your First Job '' . Strongly recommend the audio version -LRB- tape or download -RRB- , which is read by him , Al Franken .
 To truly appreciate this book you need to hear Al Franken read it . The comic timing and tongue and cheek jokes do n't translate very well in print .
 I do n't know Al Franken personally , but I feel like I do . But more importantly , I feel like he knows me personally . His advice , as given in this book , is exactly the kind of advice I would give myself , if I knew myself personally . Excellent work , Al. . Al. . . ? He 's busy doing something else . But never mind . This is a funny book .
 Very funny book - maybe not as well-researched as Franken 's Rush Limbaugh book , and maybe not as brilliant as the underrated gem Why Not Me ? , but my wife and I laughed out loud many times . I only wish we had friends who were graduating from something so we could give it to them as a gift .
 Watch out Dr. Suess -- Al Franken has given you a run for your money with this laugh-out-loud `` advice '' book . You 'll be reading it aloud in no time to your friends and family . One of the funniest books of the year !
 Oh , I 've been a fan of Al 's ever since the dawn of the Al Franken Decade . -LRB- For you younger kids who have n't learned about it yet in your History classes , the Al Franken Decade was the 1980s . -RRB- This book is probably my favorite of all of Al 's books . Besides being hilarious , it 's full of a lot of great advice.Oh , the fun I had reading it !
 Franken set a high standard when `` Rush Limbaugh '' came out , but many were expecting a return to excellence with `` Why Not Me ? '' . I may have been disappointed then , but now Franken is back . He shows that not only can he do excellent -LRB- and occasionally mediocre -RRB- political satire , but he can add humor to the oversaturated advice-book fad that has been around for so long . At least this book will not be quite as politically divisive - I can instead look to the variety and quality of his humor spectrum to be a book I can return to often with pleasure .
 Al Franken 's new book is hilarious ! I bought it as a gift for someone else but wound up reading it myself . There are many laughs on every page . Funny , funny , funny .
 I picked this book up as a high school senior , noticing the title to be a parody of Dr. Sues ' `` Oh , The Places You Will Go . '' -LRB- A popular gift from parents to their high school grads -RRB- Actually , my first thought upon seeing the cover was , `` Lewis Black wrote a book ? '' Seriously , do n't the two look alike ? This book is filled with practical advice , wrapped in dry , dark , humor . A great book for your intellectual teen or high school graduate.Al Franken for president 2016 !
 I really enjoyed the Rush book as well as `` Why not me '' . There are a few recycled themes here , but all in all , a pretty good book.If you are a Franken fan , do n't miss this one .
 To a certain extent , there are far too many books out there in which an author tries to tell us how to get the most out of life . Most of these self-help authors are hardly qualified to give advice as they are written by authors that know nothing about life -LRB- at least not life in the real world -RRB- . Franken has written a parody of all these terrible books.Franken pokes fun at youth , middle age , and old age . His best jokes are related to sex and the woman you will marry versus the woman you want to marry . Perhaps his best jibes are at old age and comparing violent video games to the cultural impact of the Beatles.I enjoyed this book as a fan of Franken 's , but would probably not advise reading it unless you are really in tune with his style of humor .
 This is an excellent book , Al Fraken it at it again with this very funny book . I wish it was a little longer than it is , I finished it in 2 days , for $ 20 I would like a little more to read . The only huge problem was the fact that this book got a little dull at times , but most of it was very funny . I highly recommend this book !
 Al Franken has written another acerbic and hilarious book that 's a must read for all who 've grown tired of living in Dr. Phil 's America.Every page is a testament to Franken 's humor , intelligence and delight in the absurdities of our culture.And whether you thought Rush Limbaugh was indeed a big , fat idiot or a prophet of the modern age -LRB- albeit a deaf one -RRB- , `` Oh , The Things I Know '' will simply make you laugh out loud .
 Al Franken has nearly trumped his other great works -LRB- Rush Limbaugh is a Big Fat Idiot , Why Not Me ? , and I 'm Good Enough , I 'm Smart Enough , and Doggone It , People Like Me ! -RRB- with `` Oh , the Things I Know . '' He has retrieved his crown as the greatest living political satirist . Beware
 I read a few of the reviews for Al Franken 's `` Oh , the Things I Know '' and found that opinion was all over the place . I loved the book , but would be hesitant to suggest it to friends because not everyone is going to get a kick out of Franken 's philosophy , especially his Howard Stern-like comedic honesty . Come on , you just do n't talk about some stuff . At least I do n't . But when a comedian addresses sensitive issues , I often end up belly-laughing uproariously . I have enjoyed all Franken 's books . I must admit , I got the impression that Al did n't put a lot of effort into writing `` Oh , the Things I Know '' , but I enjoyed the heck out of it anyway . Senator Franken is a comic genius .
 My favorite Franken book yet - and I loved all the others . Al skewers the advice genre with wit , wisdom , and a profound sense of the absurd . Buy it for someone you love - and would love to see laugh .
 I thought this would turn out to be a fairly thin satire of the admittedly hideous Dr. Seuss feel-good book , but I was wrong . After flipping through it in the bookstore and laughing out loud a few times , I realized it was much funnier than that , so I had to buy it . Franken manages to skewer the entire advice-giving industry -LRB- and say some very funny things about Rush Limbaugh , that I think even Rush would find amusing -RRB- in a very fresh way . It 's also , quite obviously , a great gift for recent graduates .
 Al Franken ... you really need to give all the proceeds of this book to your wife ... and maybe that will begin to make up for all the fun we 're having at her expense ! Franken , author of one of my most favorite titled books of all time , `` Rush Limbaugh Is A Big Fat Idiot '' , scores another winner with this little book.With his sharp wit and conversational style -LRB- you can almost hear him speaking these words while you read them -RRB- , he leads us through the too-often-times hellacious rollercoaster ride of life . He starts with college graduation and goes forward , till the bitter end of life and beyond . It 's quite a journey through most of life 's misadventures.The title , is done in Dr. Seussian style and that style is repeated throughout the contents . Examples include chapters titled
 `` Oh , the Things I Know ! '' , by Al Franken , bears the subtitle
 This book is one of the funniest books I have ever read . Al Franken is hysterical ... Every page had me laughing out loud ! It is the best spoof on an advice book ... as he calls it `` A cradle to grave guide for the human existance '' . I just finished it this second , and want everyone I know to read it , because I want them to have that wonderful feeling of laughing their way through an entire book . Fabulous !!!!!
 I am a minister and I see many people loving her other books but not liking this one because of the politics . I believe she is hitting the Christian Right where they live . She has moved from their `` priest '' -LRB- in former books -RRB- to `` prophet '' -LRB- in Plan B -RRB- . It seems the Christian Right does not like the prophet on their door step . Sorry she does not reconcile your idea of Jesus liking war , giving tax breaks to the rich and waging war on the eco-system . She speaks like Jesus , chosing love over law in that radical and even `` four letter word '' way . By the way there is swearing in the Bible , ask a good biblical scholar and they can tell you where .
 With the political scene these days being so meshed with right-wing religious influences , I found it refreshing to read a Christian perspective that did n't embrace the party line . This was my first book by Lamott.She discussed the challenges in her life -LRB- teenage son , getting older and wider , troubled relations with mother , disagreeing with the US war in Iraq , etc -RRB- with honesty and wit , admitting that it can be hard to keep the faith toward those we disagree with.One reader writes they wish she had expressed her sorrow -LRB- not anger -RRB- about the state of the world , but Lamott does have anger and to not express that would be dishonest . She struggles with it . We read because we too can relate to the anger , sadness , and struggle -LRB- in whatever area of our life -RRB- . Another reader states she is still searching rather than living by Jesus ' word . Is n't that Lamott 's point ? It is hard to live in the world today and placidly face its challenges .
 When I read this book , I felt like I could have written every word . Like Anne , I sometimes think that I make Christ drink himself to sleep at night . I wish she was my sister.Anne writes for us Christians who are n't afraid to say in really expressive terms what we really think and feel about our faith . To me , it seems like most Christian writers live in a rainbow gumdrop unicorn world where nothing bad ever happens - not Anne . She is so refreshingly honest about her struggles with both her family , friends and faith and her redeeming moments . If you are uncomfortable with people who share exactly what they feel without mincing words , this is not the book for you .
 Anne Lamott is back in all of her glorious humor , angst , and wisdom . If you have n't discovered Anne yet , she is shock therapy for those of us who learned how to be religious before we learned how to be human.In Traveling Mercies , Anne shared her crooked journey through alcoholism , bulimia , and broken relationships to a connection with St. Andrews Presbyterian Church and Jesus . Now , in Plan B
 OK , so I loved Anne Lamott before I read this book , but now I love her more . Her lecture agent once told me that Anne had a problem when people who read her books thought they were friends , because , of course , she does n't know them . Well , if I ever saw her in person , I 'd want to hug her , too . She writes with such clarity , such fearless honesty , such humanness . She shares and validates my faith in a God who understands brokenness and the grace of striving to heal , to be better than you are . Reading `` Plan B '' is a healing journey -- I laughed out loud and cried . I will read it over and over .
 I never take time to review anything , but I ca n't help myself in this case . Anne Lamott 's insights are the perfect balm in a world when the righteous right seems to have wrapped Christians in a tidy black and white , neo conservative , judgmental and pontificating profile to file with the world . Christianity is n't about having the answers . It 's about working earnestly every day to allow our own lives to reveal a little more of the love and incredible Grace demonstrated by a God who proved his unwarranted love through the ultimate gift of the life of his son , Jesus . Anne Lamott 's honest writing and self-deprecating style make room for all of us to relate , and I believe our relating to one another is where the world 's healing will begin.If you love George Bush and you love Jesus , you can still love this book . What Anne shares about her personal political plight in coming to grips with treating the President as a child of God can be applied to anyone in our own lives with whom we seem to share little common ground . It is a great lesson and a great book . I 'm buying four more copies today for gifts .
 One of the reasons I enjoy reading Anne Lamott is because she is not afraid of being Anne Lamott and this comes through in her writing . She is an original voice , shoots from the hip , and lets her words fall where they may . She is also a believer in God , not a cookie-cut version of God , but a God like the God who bargained with Abraham , wrestled with Jacob , and could be fiery like a prophet . This God is also big enough to put up with Anne 's foibles and knows that Anne is not a finished piece of work . Some find her interpretation of God enlightening , and others have difficulties since it is not always scripturally based or dogmatically correct . Because Lamott is such a unique voice in spiritual writing , I could not wait to read her newest book PLAN B
 I love Anne LaMott for the same reason holier-than-thou reviewers like B.C. despise her . They are addicted to some judgmental , doctrinaire version of Christianity that spells God `` EGO . '' Anne LaMott has made room for Jesus in her heart and learned about love , compassion , fairness and humor , and many other virtues that Jesus tried to teach us before he was over-interpreted and manipulated by people who use him as a commodity they can sell . Money changers in the temple!LaMott reflects the thinking of people who know God is still speaking , directly , to them - and calling upon them to do what is most difficult , act with love and responsibility in the midst of a world that makes it easy to hate and hurt others . For those of you who feel demoralized by the injustice that perpetrators insist on defending as `` faith-based , '' you will find here a simple , brilliant person who listens to the whispers of God , and `` gets it . '' What a blessing !
 Anne Lamott is , well , many of us . Theology just always comes down to `` How did you treat the least of these ? '' If you feel it 's inappropriate to admit nastiness , mind clutter , personal hypocrisies ... -LRB- sin ! -RRB- and still call yourself a Christian , then you should n't even try to read this book . If you 're certain , totally certain , about anything , you may be put off by Anne Lamott . If you 're sure that none of us left-wingers might sashay through Heaven 's pearly gates , you might not have room for Anne 's irreverence , or her calling out contradictions between her faith and the current political climate . For me , Plan B calls me to be , and to acknowledge , what I am
 Lamott does it again!Deeply spiritual , deeply honest , and incredibly funny , Anne Lamott once again presents a collection of ` thoughts on faith ' that is so much more . What Lamott calls thoughts are really heart-deep reflections and ponderings from everything from the mundane to the most sacred , from the stuff of parenting and pet-rearing and travel , to the realms of politics , church life , spiritual disciplines , and the ongoing journey into maturity . Whether she 's learning to love her mother , her president , or her own thighs , Lamott never takes herself too seriously , and never lets her audience escape from the honesty of her lens . Whether this book challenges you or resonates in your spirit , it is not one that can be easily dismissed .
 Equisitely written magazine articles brought together in one book . Questions of Faith and Race and other big issues are dealt with with incredible honesty and truth . I love the way she writes . If you devour it too quickly , it can feel a bit samey , but if you read it slowly , take a break between chapters , it is indeed a soul refreshing draught of water . I got it from the library and immediately went out and bought a copy . That 's how much a keeper it is . : -RRB-
 Anne LaMott never ceases to amaze me with her honest vulnerability and complete faith in God . Her writing is so open , so willing to admit her own weaknesses , as she said at the Politics and Spirituality conference in Washington , DC this past weekend -LRB- January 14-16 , 2006 -RRB- `` If you want healing , pull out your secrets . '' And in sharing hers with us , readers are reminded of the spiritual freedom of surrendering our own insecurities . A truly inspiring writer and speaker .
 Anne Lamott retrieves faith , and Christianity in particular , from the jaws of those who would privitize it for their own organized clubs . With her honesty and wit , she gives faith back to each individual to accept as the gift of Grace it was meant to be . Along with `` Traveling Mercies '' `` Plan B
 Every time I read a book by Anne Lamott I think it must be her very best and then , along comes yet another . Perhaps it is her tendency to be as absolutely honest as possible with herself and with the reader that frightens us . But it is her openness about her own journey into Christ that draws us to the hope that He is real and able to grow us into the people of which C.S. Lewis wrote . To have come so far against such odds is great achievement , to share the trip in such an unflinchingly personal way is to give us real clues to overcoming our own struggles . The piece on losing Sadie left me teary in a public place . The account of Sam tight in the grip of teenage angst took me back to those times when my own children tempted me to felonious acts of rage . For those Christians among us who support Mr. Bush 's foreign policies it would be well to remember that the dissenter has always had and must continue to have a place in American society . Anne mentions Bush as a man who also calls upon The Name making him a brother . Do we always agree with our brother ? Of course not . Is n't that true of a healthy family , of a free society ? I admire Anne 's commmitment to other people , to causes bigger than any one individual . They may not be my own causes but her personal involvement puts my own little activities to shame . Thanks Anne for this terrific and personal look into your view from there .
 `` On my forty-ninth birthday , I decided that all of life was hopeless , and I would eat myself to death . '' So begins PLAN B
 I discovered Anne Lamott 's books this year . I started with `` Blue Shoe '' then soon read `` Traveling Mercies . '' I have now read all of her books including `` Plan B Further Thoughts on Faith . '' This book is great ! Her insight , honesty , humor and humility along with her excellent ability to write make for a wonderful read . Her books have affected my faith in God and Jesus and the worth of humanity in a wonderful way . Plus she makes me laugh about the things that so many of us worry about and to have hope about things that seem so discouraging .
 Waking up the morning after Bush was elected , again , in the middle of a decidedly red state and home to radical , right-wing evangelicals AL and I were walking the same walk . Sometimes we Presbyterians get caught up in lots of liturgy and passages ... but the truth is , Faith is just about loving ourselves and loving each other . It 's not going every Sunday , it 's LIVING IT that 's hard . I think that 's all AL was trying to say . And I enjoyed the message . AL , will you come to Kansas and hang with the band of liberals here ? We need you !
 When I found out that I could stop wearing out my copy of `` Traveling Mercies '' and pick up this new book by Anne Lamott I ordered it as fast as I could . I love her honesty , wisdom , accessibility and humor . Her writing will piss off Republicans and the `` religious right '' . Good for her ! This is about REAL day-to-day living in the REAL world of Christianity as I believe Christ meant by his teachings . I have loved Anne Lamott 's non-fiction writing for years . I 've bought several copies of Plan B for friends in need . I 've re-read a few chapters recently just to jump-start some of my own writings . YAY !
 I just finished this book this morning and loved it . It 's funny , brave , insightful , and inspiring . Great for those who are seeking meaning in these very troubling times .
 I 'm sure I must be one of Anne Lamott 's biggest fans . Although I do n't always agree with her politics -LRB- and in Plan B there is a lot of Bush bashing -RRB- , her writing is always inspirational . Usually unable to put her book down , this one was different in that each chapter is a new story . Chapter 7 will be tremendously helpful to anyone with a teenager . Her messages are so heartfelt and she is such a real person.Thankfully she turned to God way back before Traveling Mercies , or we may not have been able to enjoy all the great books she has written thus far ! She has many more writing years ahead of her and I am looking forward to reading and collecting all of her books . These are the kind of books you can pass down to your children .
 Annie Lamott is one of the few writers today who write about faith in an honest , straight-forward , humorous way . She does n't try to portray herself as a model goody two shoes . Her acknowledgment of her own shortcomings , whether in parenting an adolescent , struggling to act on faith , or maintain a decent diet , will keep you smiling and nodding your head in agreement . This book sparkles with honesty and wit . It is a must read !!
 Anne Lamott 's witt , dramas , questions , faith are all there as in her previous books . I enjoyed reading this book so much that I hated to reach the end . She speaks at my level and really hits home with her struggles with her realtionships with her son , boyfriends , friends , relatives , her church , even her dead mother . She also has many moments of joy and acceptance with all of these people and find a growing contentment with herself and her life . She is down-to-earth and so real . I strongly recommend this book !
 `` On my forty-ninth birthday , I decided that all of life was hopeless , and I would eat myself to death . '' So begins PLAN B
 Anne Lamott loves Jesus and is n't afraid to say so . She 's also not afraid to show how messed up her life -LRB- just like the lives of all of us -RRB- is . While some readers might get tired of her string of self-deprecating stories , I find it refreshing to find someone who is not only vulnerable , but also a gifted writer.I will admit , though , that after awhile I got tired of hearing how much Anne hates George Bush but does n't want to hate George Bush because Jesus loves George Bush , but still she hates him anyway and Jesus is helping her with that , and ... well , you get the picture . I can accept it for one story , but it becomes one of the underlying themes of the book . I 'm surprised that someone as gifted and insightful as Anne Lamott has such one-dimensional political views -LRB- republicans = bad ! democrats = good ! -RRB- , but I can accept it because her writing is so darn good.After reading this and `` Traveling Mercy '' I ca n't wait for `` Plan C. ''
 I am an aspiring author and I am inspired by Anne LaMott more than any other author . Her newest work shows her growth in life as well as in writing . She deals honestly with her feelings regarding life and the struggles within it . I was encouraged by her words , comforted by her story and touched by her gutsy , raw and real way of depicting how she lives . The chapter that was of particular interest to me was the one on motherhood . I have a two year old and am often overwhelmed . Her words empowered me to keep loving , keep mothering and keep writing . Lastly , I am grateful to Ms. Lamott for writing so candidly about her faith . I love Jesus , but sometimes find it hard to live in faith . Reading her words encourages me to find that small place in my heart that does believe and nurture it , however difficult and scary . It is nice to know that I am in good company .
 If you have warm feelings of sweetness when you witness what Christianity in our country has become , you will not like this book . If you feel hopeful , like a child whose birthday is just a day or so away because you see our country returning to good old Christian values and making right -- at long last right -- the mistake of separating church and state , you will not like this book . If your heart quickens with thrill to have a born-again national administration and you bask in the quiet joy of the prospect of having our country returned to a Christianity of a glory not seen since days of Cromwell , you will not like this book . If , by your actions , you daily demonstrate that your object of worship is the Bible , you will not like this book . If yours is the Christianity of Revelations ; of God 's power , might , and unwavering , righteous judgment -- you will not like this book.If yours is a Christianity where , for maybe the first time it history , what is divine was revealed to be more like a baby in a manger or a man unjustly executed on a cross than like the power , might and glory of an ancient despot , you will like this book . If yours is a Christianity where it was revealed that love and compassion are more important and more vital than power and judgment , you will like this book . If God is more important to you than the Bible , you will like this book . If Jesus has touched your life in such a way that you are heartsick -- soulsick -- at the hatred , fear and contempt that today masquerades as Christian piety , you will like this book . And if you are sick to your very soul to see this masquerade parading in the highest halls of political power and rendering unto God the things at are Caesar 's , you will like this book.I , for one , would no more touch popular American Christianity today than I would Afghan Taliban Islam . I am grieved to behold the sack and ruin of a perfectly good religion by a primitive piety of fear , exclusivity and fierce judgment . I am grieved almost to the point of despair when I behold the conservative eclipse of the wonder of the incarnation of Christ revealing that love is more important than power and revealing it in such a way that , for a time , the world into which Jesus was born caught fire with the power of this truth . And I am grieved because when I look at this truth against the backdrop of the history of our kind , it is as if God indeed revealed this truth to us for our salvation for it seems that only this truth -- the truth that love and compassion are more vital and important than power and might -- only this truth can save us now.I am less surprised that Anne Lamott richly includes her despair and outrage at contemporary politics in her reflections on faith than I am that she has managed to maintain her Christian faith while living in an America that slouches unrelentingly toward the holy state of Christian theocracy , in which auto de fe is replaced by inquisition de fag . I am amused that there are those who find her new book offensive because of her expressions of outrage and despair at the willful destruction of the U.S. Constitution in favor of a presidential monarchy . Apparently , one is allowed to mingle politics and faith only if one 's religio-political orientation is that of popular American Christianity , i.e. , if you share the prevailing belief that the `` Reagan Revolution '' should find its natural conclusion in an American theocracy ruled by fiat by a born again appointee of the godhead , the chosen instrument of God 's righteous judgment.Whatever the pain she must feel as a minority Christian of the Beatitudes living in the new American Christian theocracy of Revelations , Anne is still able to help us see and marvel at the love that can hold and keep us through our frailties , a love that mystics of every age -- Buddha , Jesus , Rumi -- have known to infuse the heart of all there is , a love that inspires , in T.S. Eliot 's phrase , the laughter at the heart of things . And , as Anne reminds us , `` laughter is carbonated holiness . ''
 I really enjoyed this book because it made me think . It was also a book that made me laugh . Sometimes both things happened at the same time .
 I picked up this book not sure about it -- but I did know I liked the first page . How many folks have felt that way ? I have . Since my son has done three tours in Iraq in the last three years Anne Lamott has the same feelings I do for our current administration . Sorry , but it 's how I feel . I enjoyed this book -- the insight to little things , the desperate clinging and wanting of hope when you feel totally wiped out and ca n't move another inch , the thought of is God really listening resonated deep within me . There was one story that had some very `` salty '' language that could of been left out ; but , overall I will recommend this to people . It 's nice to read about others muddling through , doing the best they can and it 's not always picture perfect .
 Anne Lamot takes the `` Thee and Thou '' out of her relationship to Jesus and puts him directly in her heart . Her willingness to share her foibles helps us to open our hearts also . All this and she 's wickedly funny too .
 I had heard this was a book worth reading , but had no idea how much I would love it , I actually had already read the book , -LRB- I got it from the library -RRB- but loved it so much I decided to purchas it knowing it is a book I 'd need and want to reread .
 Anne Lamott is irreverent , funny , and often profane , but she gets right down to the heart of spirituality . I own and have read all of her books except the most recent one , and I purchased this one for my book group , a group of senior citizen Christian women who are n't afraid to look at life outside the traditional Christian boxes . If you are hung up on the rules , you wo n't like this book , but if you 're progressive enough to challenge orthodoxy , try it , you 'll like it !
 I found myself laughing out loud as she described adjusting to what is in life rather than what you hoped for . I love Lamott 's direct , open , and introspective view on life and how to live it well . LIfe really is what you make of it .
 Anne Lamott finds God in the ordinariness of her day . She writes with intimacy and honesty about the challenges of just being alive , of being mother , daughter , friend , and committed liberal in these conservative times . In `` Plan B '' she shares her continuing faith journey in mid-life , struggling to enjoy her success and her family , and coming to terms with the loss that greets everyone who has lived long enough to watch a parent die . She can be laugh-out-loud funny
 This is the book for the days when you know DEEPLY in your heart of hearts that you are n't worth a `` tinker 's damn '' . You know you are old , wicked , taking too much delight in other 's misery , ca n't stand any member of your beloved family ONE MORE MINUTE or any other human being . You hate your job and know the angels weep over the disappointment you are to God . Annie helps you see , through writing that is timeless and utterly superb , that yes , you are that person , but you are so much more and even more important , known to be that wretched human and still loved and forgiven by God . This may not be the book for the person facing a life crisis but may be a better choice for someone who is just tired . This book , some excellent slippers and a hot chocolate WITH whipped cream and sprinkles could encourage those individuals whomped one too many time by life to carry on .
 I recently told a friend , `` I 'm learning that I need to accept that life is mostly `` Plan B '' , meaning that nothing is perfect , and I have to learn to be more flexible about things . `` My friend quickly remembered this book , and suggested that I read it . Although I am not a single parent , and my children are not teenagers yet , there are many things in the book that I could relate to.It 's easy reading and a light , sometimes humorous look at one woman 's life with her teenage son.Beware Republicans ! She is not pleased with President Bush.The lesson she reveals is very simple.Be true to yourself , and amidst the busy-ness of life , do n't forget to help the less fortunate . -LRB- This is the foundation of her Christian faith , Love of God , self , and others -RRB-
 I love reading about Anne Lamott 's journey of faith -- I do n't always agree with her theology but her stories are so real ! She has the extraordinary ability to put on paper what most people only think and would never dare to say . There is always one sentence in each chapter that you read and then sit back and contemplate . This does n't top my favorite Lamott book , Bird by Bird , but it is well worth the read .
 I 'm reading Plan B in small bites to make it last like a really decadent piece of dark chocolate . I 'm so grateful for writers like Anne Lamott and Don Miller whose pages and voices -LRB- do what you can to hear them speak ! -RRB- show that being a follower of Jesus is amazing and radical and challenging beyond words ; and by no means fits into the stereotypical image of the typical American Christian . Her words soothe my soul and make me want to know more of God 's love in my life.Thanks Anne for pouring yourself out onto paper .
 If you 're a Christian person with left of center politics who has had it with insulting , sweeping generalizations , rigid certainty , smarminess , smug lectures , the intellectual dishonesty , and the `` Liberal Anything = Big Bad Atheist '' attitude of Ann Coulter and others who believe the Righteous Few -LRB- although not their clothing -RRB- , will make the Afterlife look like a naked prayer breakfast at Bob Jones University , there is help at hand . Read Ann Lamott 's _ Plan B _ for some much needed relief.There are several reasons why I enjoy reading Ann Lamott , which are as follows . She does not presume to tell her readers what THEY should think , but is definitely not shy about saying what SHE thinks and feels . She 's not begging for approval , she 's just writing down everything with an honesty that is disarming and sometimes uncomfortable . She makes it clear that she can love her son unconditionally , and still have moments when she does n't like him , very much . No doubt a relief to other parents going through their children 's adolescence . Lamott acknowledges the difficulty she had in loving and forgiving her mother , and admits how her life improved when she died . Probably many caretakers of Alzheimer 's patients will acknowledge THAT truth with great relief , as well . She admits the moments when tempers are lost , when things spin out of control in seconds over seemingly trivial matters , and when terrible things are said to and by the people she loves most . She also has moments of spiritual clarity , such as in `` Ham of God '' where she meets a friend in need and gives her the ham she has just won , believing God had a hand in the coincidence . In the hands of any less honest writer , that would make me squirm and put the book down . Instead , it made me think . Lamott is not afraid to share moments of spiritual joy , and other times when she feels doubt , depression about the world and herself , a lack of faith , an inability to go on . She dares to write about the feelings resentment and racial tension even between the members of the church she loves with incredible honesty . And she frequently makes me laugh out loud in every essay.I can understand how some readers might not like her swearing , or her references to George Bush . Chacun a son gout . Lamott is and always has been a very political person , and she does n't try to hide it . Nor does she make any bones about which side she 's on . Such is life in the very politically divided 21st century America . While I have no trouble loving Jesus , in terms of lovability , George Bush represents a real problem for me , as he does for Lamott . I subscribe to the wisdom of `` If you 're not completely outraged , then you have n't been paying attention . '' Sometimes , bad language and lots of it seems like the only appropriate response to a war we did n't need begun on false pretenses over WMD 's that were n't there and which has been excruciatingly badly run by a lot of Neocon chickenhawks who did not care to listen to even the soundest military advice . Thanks to them , we 're in greater danger of terrorism while our futures are being mortgaged . Lamott relates the story of a man who stood outside the White House with a lit candle during the Vietnam War . When asked if he truly believed he could change Nixon 's mind by doing this , the man said he was not trying to change the President 's mind , he was doing it so that his country would not change HIM . For me , Ann Lamott 's book is a guide to living through Bush 's America in such a way that he will not change us . And it 's nice to know that the Rapture Right does not `` own '' God , Jesus or Chritianity , even if they 're convinced they do .
 Anne Lamott is back , with all of her glorious humor , angst , and wisdom . If you have n't discovered Anne yet , she is shock therapy for those of us who learned how to be religious before we learned how to be human.In her previous book , Traveling Mercies , Anne shared her crooked journey through alcoholism , bulimia , and broken relationships to a connection with St. Andrews Presbyterian Church and Jesus Christ . Now , in Plan B
 Anne Lamott is a woman after my own heart ! I have heard that Christian book stores will not sell her books -- Shame on them ! The readers are missing out on an author who will undress completely and reveal her dirty sins for everybody to see -- Anne is exsactly the sort of Christian who will bring others to Christ
 Anne Lamott is not for the faint-hearted . A bookseller and I agreed last week that Lamott is an acquired taste and more enjoyable if you 've read a lot of theology and still find your heart is broken . Lamott reminds us that sanitized piety should not be confused with real faith ; that Jesus Himself had radical ideas and did n't sit around worrying about whether our kids are watching PG movies.Lamott 's personal relationship with Jesus is one she 's forged on her own , against all odds , reminding us that faith does n't always come in an apple-pie/right-wing/Miss-America package . She is a roll-up-your-sleeves-and-get-to-work Christian -- a Christian who knows that it is n't enough to sit around quoting the Bible to be a good human being . Admitting her broken-ness and allowing us to laugh with her , we open our hearts to our own humanity . What a relief .
 Plan B
 I feel like I 'm not other reviewers of this book ... I believe in the Christian teachings , but I am not a church-going , Bible-reading , Jesus-loving type . I do n't do ANY of that stuff . In fact , I 'm an atheist . So I was curious , but also a little hesistant . I 've never read a book about faith before because any one I 've ever picked up were all `` fire and brimstone , '' `` Jesus this , Jesus that , '' and it completely turned me off and turned me away . I picked up Anne Lamott 's book at a tag sale & I knew who she was from `` Bird by Bird , '' and I was willing to give her a shot because she has dreds . I know this sounds silly , but seriously , that was my deciding factor in reading a book about Christianity ... the author has dreds.It is FANTASTIC . This is coming from an avowed atheist who . I have n't been able to put the book of essays down since I bought it yesterday ... she is nurturing whatever burgeoning spirituality I have inside me and making me think about thinks I have avoided thinking about before . That is all you can ask for from a book ... that it makes you think.The top two best things about Anne Lamott are 1 -RRB- she 's both really cool and really uncool at the same time , and 2 -RRB- she 's honest , even at the risk of having judgement passed on her . By 1 -RRB- I mean that she 's totally this Northern California , ex-alcoholic , progressive Bush-hating hippie , but she 's also the mother of a teenager and writes about how they fight over him not having good manners.By 2 -RRB- I mean that she writes about her deceased mother very , very critically and that 's so _ refreshing _ for people who do n't have nicey-nice , glowing things to say about our moms all the time.I love her
 I thought this book was fabulous . I totally dug the journal , storytelling feel of her writing style . Regardless of whether or not you appreciate her more liberal political views , she still brings an honest and refreshing look into what it takes to truly be a follower of God and the scriptures . She is the first to admit that she has problems with always following the `` rules '' but approaches them in a way that keeps you engaged in the story ... like you are sitting next to her in a coffee shop .
 Reading the reviews for this book and then reading the actual book was interesting . I think some of the reviewers -LRB- esp those writing in rhyme -RRB- did not even read the book . Seems like a kind of lie to write negative comments about a book you have not read -LRB- or any comments , guess this could go both ways -RRB- . In any case , I found the complaints about Bush-bashing to be vastly overwrought ... in fact there is a whole section of the book where Anne tries to love Bush despite her anxieties about the war and other policies of his administration . I am a fan of Anne LaMott 's going back to Bird by Bird , I think I have read every one of her books . The thing about Anne is she does not shrink from the gritty daily everyday struggle of life , and in the process she is very life-affirming . I feel so grateful to be on the same planet at the same time as Anne , to have her books that say yes , we are not perfect , we doubt , we are scared , but life goes on and it is good . Amen .
 I doubt I can replace her disparagers ! I might even be in their company , had I stayed into dear Mother 's Scofield KJV ! In early 1950 's `` Searching the Scriptures '' by H.E. Dana gave to Seminary students new freedom to add literary + + historical criticism to our tools of interpreting Scripture . Now that 's accepted by both English and German theologians ` specially in schools as Columbia Theological Seminary in Atlanta . Here I quickly sought out the renown scholars and writers as Sir Walter Brueggemann , Charles Cousar , Kathleen O'Connor and Oxford 's Brian Wren!I point to four examples from PLAN B
 I do n't necessarily agree with the idea of plan B , I believe Anne is just moving along lifes trek being a human adjusting to daily change . From family to her own god given responsibility for her actions , Anne is a true seeker . What is it she is seeking ? A better way , she 's trying desperately to help us realize were all human and fall , and fall into plan B as she states . Read Karl Mark Maddox about moving on .
 Anne Lamott does it again .
 This book has got me even more hooked on Anne Lamott than I was before!look forward to buying more of her books on Amazon .
 Lamott 's book weaves in and out of various periods and moments of her life . By her sort of stream-of-conscious approach , she similarly weaves in and out of ideas . Grace and beauty ; life and death ; love and loss ; race , religion and politics -- Lamott covers the spectrum of human experience in an emotional rawness not often found in other pieces of `` theology . `` For those with children , the stories of life with her son capture the essence of a relationships with children -- lots of good but , sometimes , just as much bad . She and her son , Sam , both have alter egos -- `` Phil '' and the `` Menopausal Death Crone '' -- and the interactions between the two of them are priceless.She tells of how she mourns both life and death
 Pure Lamott ... No one frees me better to face myself honestly without despair , so that I seek the grace daily to inch toward becoming the unique person God gave me the potential to be .
 Anne LaMott is irreverent and spiritual , all at the same time . I 've loved everything she 's written , and this book made me laugh out loud ! I had to call my daughter at midnight to read a piece aloud to her . What a great and funny woman . I 'm glad she 's in the world !
 The author is honest in her faith stating her errors , doubts and where and how she applies her faith . She shows us she is human and does it through humor and downright first rate honesty . Had difficulties putting the book down . Enjoyed it thoroughly and very applicable for these difficult times .
 ` Plan B ' by Anne Lamott is hard to put down . Each chapter stands alone , so it is an easy , fast read . The thought-provoking themes , however , are not always easy . They can be taken at face value or reflected on for a long time . Her openness about her own life makes her very non-threatening !
 This book seemed more somber to me than Traveling Mercies , but once you stopped looking for the laughs it was easy to become enthralled with the writing . There should be another phrase to describe Lamott besides `` down to earth , '' as she is that and more . Another book to buy and read again and again for the first time .
 The humor and insights into spiritual and messy real life will simply make you feel better about yourself . Anne is a gifted writer and I have enjoyed reading this as well as listening to her read it as a recording . Great to listen to on a road trip !
 I love Anne Lamott and this book is no exception . As always , she writes with honesty and humor about her everyday experiences . She helps me see the lighter and darker side of Christianity and life in general . I can relate to her foibles and rejoice with her in her human triumphs . I 'm glad for Christian writers who I can relate to-not holier than thou , never make a mistake writers . I wo n't mention names . This book was a blessing .
 Refreshing , honest , and a lyric writer , Anne Lamott is a wonderful discovery . These three books , `` Traveling Mercies , '' `` Plan B
 Ann LaMott challenges me . I do n't think she would like me very much - I tend toward conservative , I work in corporate America and I voted for Bush . Yet , from the opening lines , I sensed there was something for me in her book . I was right . I read it cover to cover , laughing , crying , ok , growling occasionally , but most importantly , thinking . What a dull and boring -LRB- and dangerous -RRB- world it would be if I were surrounded only with those who think like me . So , whether Ann would like me or not , I like her . A lot . I finished the book not necessarily agreeing with her on many subjects , but knowing one thing - I better make sure that my life reflects the heart of the Lord I profess to follow . I better be sure I am looking out for the poor , the powerless , the marginalized . I better make sure that I use my money wisely and frugally , so that I have plenty to give those in need . I better make sure that I am kind , to people , to nature , and to the broken , wounded , naked , imprisoned , and those in bondage . I better make sure that my inner life and my outer life are in harmony , and that my inner life is formed and shaped by my Maker.Ann 's raw , uncensored reality made me think , made me look inward , made me want to do some interior and exterior soul cleaning . I will most likely remain conservative . And I do n't know if Ann would ever want to sit down and have a cup of tea with me , but if she did , I would give her a hug , dredlocks and all , and thank her for opening my eyes and impacting my life for the better .
 I have been a Lamott-loving reader for more than twenty-five years , since `` Hard Laughter , '' her first novel , was published . Though she has traveled down a lot of bumpy roads that I have n't , I continue to marvel at her articulate accounts of her journeys . Sometimes mordant , sometimes fall-on-the-floor-funny , sometimes heartbreaking , Anne Lamott always makes me think . She is my touchstone for my home state , and her crisply written dispatches from the front are always welcome on my bookshelves and in my heart.That said , I feel that people who can not abide her political , spiritual , sexual , or child-rearing opinions should just stay away from Lamott . Do n't call her `` mean-spirited , '' which is an all-purpose catch phrase for people who do n't agree with you . Just put the book back . Do n't bother with her.In a time in which public and private censorship is growing , it is just plain courageous for Anne Lamott to say who she is , what she has done , and how she feels about it . Thank G-d that a publisher is willing to let her speak out . I am grateful that Christianity has eased her recovery from a plethora of life 's burdens , and I am sorry that people who also call themselves Christians are using this forum to bash her for not being the exact same kind of Christians that they think they are.One line from `` Traveling Mercies '' still makes me -- me , a Jew -- laugh like a hyena every time I think of it , when Anne confesses to having thoughts `` that would make Jesus want to drink gin out of the cat 's dish . '' If that 's not funny to you , surely there 's some other , more sanctimonious author who might meet your need for self-affirmation .
 Anne Lamott is a writer 's writer . And what I mean by that is that she writes on a level most writers would LOVE to make it to . She 's easy to read while , at the same time , having a deep message , and a raucous sense of humor . I got hooked on her years ago when I read BIRD BY BIRD , a book that I still refer to often whenever I need to `` get real '' about my own writing life.I was pleased to learn that these are short memoirs of her life , a collection of short stories . The short story form seems to be making a modest comeback , and I loved the fact that a collection of them made it to the New York Times ' list , too.But lets get into the meat and potatoes of the book now ... This is a look at Ms. Lamott 's life through her own eyes , and she wears everything on her sleeve , including her disdain for the Bush administration , her dislike of young children , her poor motherhood skills , and her struggles with faith . Examples ... Lamott has to deal with the death of her Alzheimer 's mother , pulling the urn that contains her mother 's ashes out of her closet . And as she does , she reminisces about the final months of her mother 's life
 Annie Lamott is a rare gift to readers . I love her courage , intelligence , honest humor , depth of heart and fine writing talent . Buying her book , I know that I will be alternating between tears and laughter -LRB- and sometimes both -RRB- . I know I will be touched and entertained AND inspired . I pause before the next chapter , knowing that I will be venturing into a different emotion or thought-line than the previous one . Will I read now or be surprised later ? So interactive ! But most of all , Annie is about heart and love and grace manuvering through this world in our lives and I appreciate sharing the path with her .
 Anne Lamott tells it like it is ! She admits to things in her books that are so real and always sees the spiritual even in the worst of situations . I admire her foibles and how she deals with them . Moreover , I admire her willingness to accept her human condition with such grace !
 A good read . You will nod with agreement , wince with pain , laugh , and shrug when you think she 's off her rocker , but you will be engaged ! I totally agree with another reviewer who said that she is a roll your shirtsleeves up Christian . I think she gives a good name to religion in a day and age where there seem to be Those Who Do and Those Who Do n't - Anne shows up and is One Who Tries . Her religion is n't about pontification with false pride , it 's about gritty introspection and action and change and love ... and meanwhile , finding something to laugh about.Here 's something to laugh about .
 Wow , when I typed my review here several weeks ago I had no idea how much of a lightning rod this book would be for Christians . So , in order for full disclosure I feel the need to amend my review to note that I am a Christian . I 've read the Bible , yet I do n't recall anywhere that Jesus asks us to renounce our sense of humor if we choose to follow him . Given all that Anne Lamott has gone through in her life , from drug addiction , to single parenting , to the deaths of so many loved ones , I have to believe that Jesus counts her as one of his success stories . Rather than rejecting faith , Lamott is an example of someone who embraces faith in her darkest times . Perhaps it 's not the `` traditional '' way that others ascribe to , but in the end that 's not for any of us to judge . We all have the choice of whether to read this book or not , and I acknowledge that it is appropriate to `` warn '' people that this book is n't standard Christian fare . However , I find myself appalled by the diatribes disguised as reviews for this book . If you are going to argue from a Christian position , at least get your facts right , especially about one of the main tenants of our faith-why Christ died.All that said , I stand by my original review , `` Plan B Further Thoughts on Faith '' is an enjoyable read , filled with crazy but real experiences that I found easy to relate to , especially when she totally pegs the crazy out of control feelings that every parent has at one time or another . Rather than being shocked at how she 's cobbled together her religious and liberal beliefs , I find it a refreshing antithesis to what we often see as portrayed as `` Christian '' today . At its heart , what I enjoyed most about this book was how in one chapter she could make me weep as she writes about her dog , Sadie and in another chapter she could make me laugh at her story of starting a Sunday school at her church . As another reviewer said , Lamott is an acquired taste , but for those of you who have enjoyed her other writing , I 'd encourage you to give this book a chance as well .
 I perhaps should n't be , but I am slightly shocked by what a low rating this book 's received . I know that the sticking point for most of the reviewers I 've read is Anne 's dislike of Bush . I would think that her honesty on the subject would at least be appreciated . I do n't think that a lot of readers who reacted against the book for that reason reached the essay `` loving your president
 I am a patriotic American and member of an Evangelical Christian Church who is opposed to the war and disheartened by the ineptitude -LRB- and fundamental dishonesty -RRB- of the Bush administration . As such , I appreciate Lamott 's insight into the internal struggle many of us are waging . While my Church family and many of my non-Churched friends unconditionally support the ever-shifting rationale and objectives for the war and a pre-emptive foreign policy , Lamott posits that it is OK , even Christian , to question and speak out on what is happening . At the same time , this should n't be used as an excuse for losing faith.If I could sum up what I got from the book in a single passage , it would be this
 I first `` feel in love '' with Anne Lamott when I read Operating Instructions . I loved her humor and her frankness , and her ability to talk openly about faith and politics , topics I often see avioded in much of what I read and never mentioned together . She continued her story in this book , Plan B , and I was very impressed . Some may have felt that she ranted too much about Bush , but I felt it was right on track . As a novice writer of creative-nonfiction , I know how important it is to be true to yourself when writing in this genre , otherwise the reader will pick up on it and what you have to say will lack resonance . If she glossed over her feelings for Bush , we would have sensed it and the other stuff she had to say would have rung false . This is who she is , take it or leave it.I also apprecited the fact that she showed her readers that yes , you can be a Christian and a liberal . I am one , and I feel the media too often portrays Christians as conservative . Overall , it 's a great read !
 Anne L. supports all of us who struggle with the reality of life and all of its inequities . Reading her work and taking in her perspective re-orients us to what is truly valuable - our human condition made whole by grace and the reality of our life as we must live it day by day . Our wounds are turned into examples of grace .
 This book is a sequel of sorts to Lamott 's book , `` Traveling Mercies '' -LRB- TM -RRB- . I read the first book several weeks ago and the moment I finished it , I got online and ordered this book . I did a little math and realized that it had been ten years since TM was first published and I was dying to know what had happened to Lamott and her son , Sam , since then . While TM is a chronological telling of Lamott 's life -LRB- ending with Sam 's eighth birthday -RRB- , Plan B is not so linear . Instead it is a series of stories about events or themes in Lamott 's life that have occurred over the last ten years.I was extemely pleased with Plan B for three reasons in particular .1 . The wit and honesty are still refreshing and welcome . -LRB- Chapter one is entitled , `` ham of god '' and is oh so aptly named . -RRB- 2 . It is evident that Lamott has grown . Her Christianity and faith are not a fluke or an ill-conceived divergence .3 . Like an overdue letter from a beloved family member , this book has put my mind at ease . All is well . Life is not without pain ; not without challenges . Still , it is joyful , and fullfilling . These people that I have come to care about , Lamott , Sam , Pastor Veronica -LRB- and the other members of St. Andrew Presbyterian Church -RRB- , Buddy , Father Tom , along with the rest of their friends and family , are supporting and loving each other all along the way ... And it works!There was one other bonus for me . Lamott gives a wonderful description of a wedding . I now include this quote in all my pre-marriage counseling . It is right on the money and so insightful.You 'll laugh , you 'll cry and you 'll love this book . You might even find the strength to pray for President Bush ... maybe even forgive him . I said maybe .
 It is always refreshing to me to come across a liberal , or progressive thinking Christian in an age of conservative ones making book lists , with what to me are fad books . The author is a joy or at least a pleasure because she is so honest about her anti-Bush views , while also being a very , very firm Christian in a manner that would probably make Christ himself proud . She is in essence the type of walk the talk Christian I respect and admire.The author writes in a manner that is human and yet optimistic . Odd as it may sound I actually felt as if she were indeed the type of person Christ would have embraced , because she speaks of struggles , flaws and successes . Reminds me of the saying that ethics/morals are what we do when no one is watching . And she has a sense of humor that is so sorely lacking in most books by Christians .
 A series of thoughtful , truthful , funny and poignant musings on the framework of life from her perspective - what it 's like for her in the aftermath of Bush 's re-election , what it 's like to be raising a teenage son without his father , how she reaffirms her faith and her religious practice from day to day , written with humor , empathy , compassion and her customary sharp wit and intelligence . I think it is excellent , and am very happy to have it on the shelf - I think I will return to it often ; it contains many illuminations and insights I found very valuable on many aspects of living day-to-day .
 Anne Lamott puts spirituality in a very real place . Drawing from her own personal life experiences , she brings one to the point of finding God everywhere . I laughed , I cried and every emotion in between and was challenged to always look at all aspects of my life for God and God 's plan . If you are questioning where God is these days , read Anne 's book and start your quest .
 Anne Lamott is back.Thank God ! Her occasional musings in Salon.com have been gathered here for all to enjoy . her frustration and contempt for the Bushies , her forgiving accepting Chrstianity -LSB- which reminds me of annie Dillard in so many ways -RSB- her alcoholism , trying attempting to survive her teenager , the death of her Mom and a close friend , and not least of all , her beloved dog . Some of the reviews written here are people who have certainly not read this book , or this self-deprecating womans writings.This is life affirming stuff . the reviewers who are so offended by this have obviously not read through scripture , filled with lovable scoundrels.Read this enjoy it , savor this good womans words.And for the fundys , you need to relax.You need a hug . and an enema .
 Being a Bush-loving conservative , I was nervous to read this book after reading various other reviews . I 've been reading Lamott for years now , since I was in a writing program in college , and I 've loved every book of hers I 'd ever read.With Plan B , I waited to buy the paperback version.I devoured it within the last few days . Lamott is wonderful , and if you are hesitant about reading this book , I advise you to put your differences with Lamott aside and just read . My goodness , her son Sam is a TEENAGER now ...
 I listened to this book on CD twice in a row and hated to turn it back in to the library when it was due . I feel Anne Lamott in my heart and soul and mind . I guess I 'm not crazy afterall if this wonderful woman thinks like I think . The world is a better place because people like her live here and keep trying to figure it all out and never , ever give up . Thank you Anne Lamott for validating me . I wish you would write more books .
 it took me awhile to get to TRAVELING MERCIES after having had the physical book for years . but i read it , and loved it . so when PLAN B came out , it was a no brainer . for me , a single old hippie mother with a 13 year-boy , it was a great read . the combination of menopause and puberty in anyone 's life is a big mess . it helps to read someone else 's take on it . she is witty , laugh out loud funny . she is flawed . she knows it , and does n't mind telling it . she still maintains her faith , but not in the way we expect faith . it seems to me that we are in a world where you are almost relegated to one camp or another -LRB- radical crazy christian or run-screaming-away-as-if-your-tail-was-on-fire-if-someone-mentions-christianity -RRB- if you are discussing faith or your beliefs . it is nice to see someone who stands in the middle and shows you can have faith , yet still have your own doubts and ideas . faith is shown through example in her book , and that is good . it is n't a `` this is what YOU should do '' kind of book , which is what makes her writing about the subject so attractice . no where does she tell the reader that he/she should do as she does . if anything , she is an example of how difficult it is to cut out a road of personal faith and still stay on it . life is difficult . a good book mirroring that difficulty , yet giving hope , is a good thing . this one , and TRAVELING MERCIES , are both worth the purchase . read them and feel like you have a friend .
 After reading most of the negative reviews of this book , I just have to laugh . Most come from those `` upset '' with Ms. Lamott 's criticism of Mr. Bush and/or her interpretation of religious dogma.Get over yourself people . First , there is nothing wrong with one critizing your government and or president ! Ever since our government was formed , people have bashed the government . Those who challenged government tenets during the 18th century , for example , were not told to cease the criticism or face jail time . Our fore fathers saw debate about issues that effect all of us as paramount to a successful democracy . -LRB- It would be nice if all those who do not understand this basic fact , read up on it and become more informed before choosing to voice their opinions on this issue -RRB- . Second , there is nothing wrong with one person 's interpretation of religious dogma . I found Ms. Lamott 's writing to be poignant and funny and her descriptions of Jesus as being a rebellious teenager real and refreshing . What would Jesus do ? He would not chastize Ms. Lamott for her humor but probably have a good laugh along with her!Third , Ms. Lamott is someone who has had alot of pain in her life and is working it out . She is far from perfect . I know many people who exhibit some of her qualities but with alot less reflection on their parts . She yells at her kid , she swears , she has a drinking problem , ... does that make her less of a human being ? What is the old saying about judging not?Join Ms. Lamott for one 's person faith journey and leave your judgements at home . You 'll be pleasantly surprised !
 Anne Lemott 's books of essays are so effective because it is impossible not to recognize that she speaks the truth . She tells about her relationships with her community , church , son , ex lovers , and most importantly , her relationship with , and growing appreciation of , herself . Ms. Lemott looks at real life and finds the little skein of joy to accentuate . I recommend this book without reservation .
 Anne Lamott is a San Francisco Bay Area native down to the cellular level not only in her preferences , but in her political and social views . She is unabashedly a lefty , the daughter of lefties , and she want everyone to know it from page one of this volume , where she serves notice of her identity by beginning with a diatribe against George W. Bush and the war in Iraq . She is saying , `` Look , Sweetheart , this is who I am , so let 's get this straight . If you ca n't take it , then back up , close the front cover , and get the hell out of my book ! '' I am one of the people who stayed , and glad I did.Unlike her earlier `` Traveling Mercies '' which began with a sequential biography of her journey towards God , or perhaps His journey towards her , this book is a non-chronological collection of essays gently demonstrating the fragile yet invincible grace of God evident in the friendships , conflicts , disasters , and tangles of the human condition -- her own , that of her teenage son Sam , those of her friends and family , those of her church , and the people she encounters as a lusty , narcissistic , radicalized leftist , mellowing with age , experience , and grace.Lamott places a poem before Chapter One that subtly but unerringly foreshadows the them of this collection of twenty-four portraits of life and grace . By Lisel Mueller , it is titled `` Monet Refuses the Operation , '' and chronicles and contrast the painter 's view of reality with that view defended by more `` rational , '' less artistic people . Of course , Lamott is Monet as well , and his words might as well be hers as he says , `` The world is flux , and light becomes what it touches , becomes water , lilies on water , above and below water , becomes lilac and mauve and yellow and whilte and cerulean lamps , small fists passing sunlight so quickly to one another ... '' '' The point is , the world is not simply what it seems , and as with Emily Dickinson ' poem , `` All the earth is crammed with heaven and every bush aflame with God , but only those who see take off their shoes . '' Lamott sees . She sees the pain , the sorrow and the darkness , but she also sees the burning bush , and invites us to draw near and to take off our shoes and join her there.It is obvious to me that she wants not only to sensitize us to how God moves amidst the ordinary , but also to comfort the wounded hearts of readers bruised by life , and longing for the soothing touch of God , whether they realize it or not . Lamott succeeds in this without being preachy , superficial , or simplistic.She never loses sight of life 's ugliness , instead finding the grace of God shining brightest in the darkest places . `` Without all the shades and shadows , you 'd miss the beauty of the veil . The shadow is always there , and if you do n't remember it , when it falls on you and your life again , you 're plunged into darkness . Shadows make the light show '' -LRB- 162 -RRB- . This book is mellower than `` Traveling Mercies , '' written five years later . Here we see a Lamott coming to terms with her life , finally content , but still radical , still disturbed by life 's injustices , still struggling . But she is coming to terms with life as it is , and herself as she is , feeling just a little bit safer in the arms of God . She knows better than before the strength of the everlasting arms.This is not a tightly organized book , but a collection of snapshots of life as she finds it . Some people will be impatient with the gentleness of the book . She paints miniatures , not murals . Nevertheless , upon her small canvases , she paints with great artistry and sensitivity.Prepare to be changed in how you relate to older relatives , to the sick , to the downtrodden , to social justice issues , to undesirable tasks . As for me , I was more than once moved almost to tears by her integrity and intensity of relationship with her son . Her transparency enabled me to look more deeply at my own parenting . Of such glimpses , tears are born.Anne Lamott teaches all of us here about how to live with ourselves , with God , and with each other . Who can afford to miss the lesson ?
 What a funny book . Anne Lamott is achingly vulnerable , from her candor about having hated her mother -LRB- p 46 , 232 -RRB- to her rages at her adolescent son -LRB- 116 -RRB- , whom she loves completely . I am always relieved when spirituality writers are this frank about their lives . Lamott sets the gold standard for being a freakishly truthful blunder among the superficially pious . I simply adore her . There are some utterly amazing thoughts here on the reality of parenting , on racism , on aging , on adolescence , on forgiveness , on body image . And it 's all told with Lamott 's intuitive understanding of language and beauty , not to mention her trademark humor.She writes here of building a tentative family with her son 's father ; trying to forgive her dead mother ; starting an improbable Sunday school at her church ; putting her dog to sleep ; and dealing with a teenager while having menopause . Some of these essays were gorgeous and unforgettable.There are some problems with the book , though . Does a single chapter go by in which she does not complain vociferously about our nation 's president ? I certainly agree with her about the frightening direction in which his administration has taken our country , but enough already . We get it . Of course we 're angry . But too many times , this book wallows in a rage that paralyzes us from responding creatively or constructively to these evil times . Better are the chapters in which she unpacks her feelings about the war and how Christians should respond to it . -LRB- 141 ff -RRB- Then she almost saves it all at the end with this self-aware critique
 I have almost nothing in common with the Anne Lamott.George Bush , to me , does not represent the end of civilization as we know it . My three children , my wife and I survived their adolescence . Time passes . With help , I survive , occasionally , even thrive.Yet , I drew comfort from her book . Reading her well-written , brutally honest narrations of life 's daily struggles , I gathered spiritual hope.Not everyone comes to faith by the high road . The gift of grace is available for each of us regardless of our backgrounds . Anne Lamott 's communicates the essence of Christian faith . It is not found in dogma , but rather , grace . By opening our hearts in the midst of confusion and hopelessness , the world becomes a safer and more loving place .
 I think that Anne Lamott is one of the best writers on faith around . In the spirit of St. Ignatius , she takes to seeking God in all things -- whether a ham or dog-do on her shoe or patches of blue sky or prison walls . How many people live their lives in this way ? Lamott has a wry sense of humor , and the essays are about her personal struggles with being a good Christian and a good person . Both are incredibly difficult . Even when she admits not liking the president , she acknowledges that if she treated him better she might come to feel differently . I would point this out to her detractors -- this is n't dogma -- it 's one person 's experience . If people are offended by the language and think that God will be , too ... well , I 'll just say that I think that 's between Annie and her God . And for those who are offended by the reference to God as a woman ... I remind you that we were created in the image of God , and so that is black , white , woman , man , whatever . This is a book about being human . If some of the reviewers could set aside their judgment and leave that to God , they might learn something about acceptance .
 My remembered favorite essay by Anne Lamott is an address to a graduating class titled `` B + is Just Fine '' , and it is still somewhere on this hard drive . In it , Lamott decries the attempt to attain perfection and focuses instead on inspiring young people to accept their best efforts in life , even if the paradigm shifts from the ideal.Plan B as choice of a title intrigues me , and the connection to the essay is evident . Plan B and Plan C are what humans resort to when plan A does n't work out . And it rarely does.Anybody out here living plan B ? I am.Lamott 's narratives in this context justify that whatever works for individuals , with a semblance of grace , spirituality , and humanity , even if the process is not perfect , is good enough to lead a worthwhile life and find joy . Most of the book is about love and gritty awareness-of children , problems , family , friends , our earth , and self . The intelligent , good-humored and incisive prose coats our personal wounds like a balm . The allusions are multiple . The reader 's pleasure lies in recognition and empathy , and forces one to reexamine the ordinary with renewed vigor and yes , confidence and acceptance . Lamott skews the standards to add inclusivity to all means , ways , and approaches.I love her words .
 Anne Lamott is a gift to the world and I am going to buy four more copies of this book to give as gifts to my friends . Her honesty and humor and compassion for her fellow man are truly remarkable.I have read all except one of her books and this is now my favorite . She has hit her stride .
 I loved this honest , brilliant , moving , thoughtful , amazingly written book.As a deeply committed Christian who has some qualms about the hegemony of `` cultural Christianity '' I could n't have loved this book more . She is so brave and transparent . The book is so finely crafted.I was less `` raw '' and scattered and hard than Travelling Mercies . More complete , finished and whole . I really am grateful to her for having written it . I would recommend it to everyone.Astoria
 Anne Lamott is absolutely wonderful at showing the reader where God 's grace has entered her life and thus helping us , the readers , to be more awake to grace in our own lives . But , her constant references to her dislike of George Bush -LRB- either one -RRB- detract from her message and serve no useful purpose -LRB- except perhaps catharsis on her part -RRB- . If I had n't already read Traveling Mercies I might have put this one down after the first page . I chose to read on because I know what truth and life can be found in her writings .
 Anne Lamott , as always , knows how to pack a comical punch . In previous outings , she has reduced me to laughter , tears , and audible gasps . Here again , she tries to work her charm -- and mostly succeeds.It 's a joy to read of her parenting travails . Boy , can I relate . It 's always challenging to read Anne 's spirituality-strapped-to-shoe-leather . She actually thinks that what she believes should change her life -- how revolutionary!Somewhere in the mix , though , it starts to sound a bit ... well , preachy . In the nicest sense , of course . Many reviewers have pointed out her political remarks as part of the loss of charm . While I do n't agree with Anne on every item , I do appreciate her willingness to be honest about her feelings . She even tries to extend forgiveness to her nemesis , Mr. Bush ; but , in light of her later rantings , it 's obvious she is still working on it . `` Plan B. . . '' is not a bad one . It 's just not as good as Plan A , otherwise known as `` Traveling Mercies . '' The humor and raw emotion are here , though in lesser quantities . The writing , as always , lifts it above the level of mediocrity that threatens bookshelves everywhere .
 Intelligent , thoughtful Christians who take their spiritual journey seriously - with a sense of wonder and discovery , pain and joy , humor and sadness - will appreciate Lamott sharing her own journey with us.She does n't purport to speak for all Christians . She does n't claim to have all the answers . She is human , fabulously so , and like all humans is flawed , imperfect . Her Christ is the Jesus who befriended the outcasts , the downtrodden , the sinful . The Christ who forgave , the Christ who struggled , the Christ given to us in human form because His Father so loved the world.On the other hand , sanctimonious `` christians '' who ca n't stand anyone or anything that challenges their self-satisfied narrow world view should not read this book . Put down the mouse , step away from the computer and stop your silly abuse of the Amazon helpful voting system . Go give five stars to the Left Behind series instead.But those of us who celebrate diversity , who believe God made each and every one of us and He revels in His creations even though He knows how flawed we are - we enjoy being intellectually and emotionally challenged , stimulated , and amused by Lamott 's essays . `` Plan B '' is an excellent companion book for anyone who is examining their spiritual life . I would recommend it to anyone who has the intellectual capacity to appreciate that a relationship with Jesus , like all relationships , is personal and individual . Lamott 's walk with Christ is uniquely her own , but it serves as inspiration for readers hoping to establish or deepen their own connection to God.Lamott is a very talented writer with a well-honed eye and a witty turn of phrase , and her prose is among the best of current American writing.Discerning readers will enjoy this thought-provoking , entertaining and illuminating collection of essays .
 Any new book by Anne Lamott is a welcome occasion , and this one was no exception . If you enjoyed her Traveling Mercies -LRB- 1999 -RRB- , Plan B serves up more of her irreverent , painfully honest , explicitly Christian , and humorous reflections on following Jesus at fifty . Her son Sam is a teenager now , she has a new boyfriend , she still loves her integrated Presbyterian church in Marin County , California , and still works hard to accept her dysfunctional family of origin and the neuroses she inherited from them . Forgiving mom looms large , as did finally gathering the family to spread her ashes after hiding them in her closet for a couple years . The dog died . Friends died . She hates the Bush administration , loves Barbara Lee , and marched in peace protests . She started a Sunday school class for kids at her church . And , yes , she still sports dreadlocks and loves to sprinkle profanities throughout her narrative.In her telling , all these prosaic events unfold with genuine insights about our fragile , fallen human condition and the tender mercies of God that attend to us if we would only slow down , breath deeply , open our eyes , see them , and receive them . Being kind is probably more important than being right . Do n't try to fix others . Or again , if God hates all the same people you hate then you can be confident that you have created him in your own image.I have to say , though , that at least in this book her nutty humor came across as `` more of the same '' and -LRB- I think she would admit this -RRB- self-absorbed . However humorous in the telling , there is nothing especially remarkable about parenting teenagers , middle-aged flabbiness , and cute little flower girls at weddings . I have only read Lamott 's non-fiction , so perhaps her fiction attempts more serious forays into what it means to be fully human and truly Christian in our crazy world -LRB- she 's published ten books -RRB- . The problem , as I see it , is that Lamott writes as if she is always trying to be funny , and trying too hard . She is such a good writer that she usually is funny . But at some point it comes across like the proverbial class clown ; you know they have even much more to offer if they would stop trying to make you laugh all the time . I did not get the impression from reading Plan B that Lamott has developed much as a writer the last few years . I wish she would , too , because she is a favorite Christian writer of mine and my expectations remain rather high whenever I pick up her latest work .
 I found this book funny , quirky , amusing , and even thought provoking . Some people may not like the way Anne Lamott talks about God and religion but then you ca n't please everyone . This book is a quick read - like a patchwork quilt of short stories woven together by the thread that is Anne Lamott 's life .
 It would be impossible for Anne Lamott to be more honest and transparent in her writing than she is in this book . That quality makes it enlightening , entertaining writing , as she is also an excellent and witty writer.Her writing , to me , is like a combination of David Sedaris , Mother Theresa , and on several occasions The New York Times editorial page -LRB- I assume -RRB- . Because of her utter openness , one can find things to criticize about her opinions , theology , politics , etc , but more importantly , one can find so many things to applaud in this book . Mainly , I enjoyed her discussions of the tastes of life and God -- the joys , grief , faith and questions -- all laced with humor and humanness.As in all things , she is honest about her liberalism that exerts itself in great social charity but also slips into what she describes as bordering on `` mental illness . '' The times when she slips into the confessions of liberal doctrines -LRB- i.e. Bush is the devil , and all his underlings demons of hell responsible for the world 's suffering and her 's and her friends ' individual suffering , too , God is `` he/she '' then just `` she , '' America is to blame for other countries not liking us , etc -RRB- I think these type of rantings undermine her attempts to write about faith except when she writes about how she deals with her feelings about Pres. Bush and feelings of despair about the Iraq war that I found to be insightful and honorable . She is the first liberal I have heard admit that she felt a `` secret gladness '' when she heard bad news from Iraq because it hurt Pres. Bush 's image . She faithfully tries to overcome what she perceives as negative attitudes and practices loving and praying for her `` enemies . `` Overall , she presents an honest attempt to live like Jesus . A picture that is rarely given in books about faith , because Christian writers are not normally willing to show all their flaws and shortcomings , even though we all have them and are what makes Christ so necessary for us.Emerson said something like `` to believe that what is true for you is true for all people is genius . '' Because that is true , Lamott 's writing provides us with insights about us as children , parents , friends , faithful & fearful , weak & strong , living and dying , laughing & crying.I listened to the audio version of this that is read by Ms. Lamott and recommend it.I think you will enjoy this book and learn from it . If you are a conservative , just bear with her during the liberal-political comments and keep moving .
 Lamott is fun to read . She 's poetic , intelligent , articulate , and sincere . In contrast , many of her reviewers here on Amazon demonstrate what is repugnant about so many self-proclaimed Believers
 I 've been missing out on reading Anne Lamott . What a joy . She gets to the center of things , she made me laugh , ache , smile with recognition , and say many times , `` You 've got that right '' about her comments about the current administration.Every person trying to raise a child should read the section titled adolescence . Every bride 's maid would profit from reading flower girl . And everyone would profit from Anne 's comment about resting . `` When you rest , you catch your breath , and it fills your lungs and holds you up , like water wings , like my father in the deep end of the rec center pool . ''
 I have wanted to meet Hemingway for some time now , but that being impossible for obvious reasons this book is the next best thing . Not only is this book outstanding but with all Hemingway 's notes to the reader it 's almost like he 's right there with you telling the story . Every time I read Hemingway I feel the current story is better than the last , that rule holding true with this one as well . My advice to you , read it . It 's less than a hundred pages anyway , so if you do n't agree with me on how absolutely great this novel is you will not have wasted all that much of your time.But at least read it for the notes and to see the struggling Hemingway trying to get you to advertise his book for him . It 's quite amusing .
 Hemingway was competitive , in everything . In his first novel -LRB- not the Sun Also Rises -RRB- he lampoons a literary style that was all the rage in his day . It 's as if Hemingway were both taking an artistic stance and purging himself so he could get down to what would be the real business of writing The Sun Also Rises .
 As incredible as it may sound , this is Hemingway 's best work . Here is Hemingway at his earliest , before the world knew him -- when his genius was inspired . The style is so fresh , you would believe it had been written recently , not over 60 years ago . Truly hilarious . Truly amazing .
 `` The Torrents of Spring , '' by Ernest Hemingway , is a curious little book -LRB- 90 pages -RRB- by one of the 20th century 's most distinguished novelists . According to the back cover blurb , `` Torrents '' was first published in 1926 . The short novel tells the story of the intertwined lives of World War I veteran Yogi Johnson and writer Scripps O'Neill , both of whom work at a pump factory.I think of `` Torrents '' as a metafiction
 hey yall ! Ernest Hemingway is the bomb diggity !! The Torrents of Spring is so funny !
 This is n't a novel that would be very enjoyable to someone who does n't have much experience with other literary works of the 1920s . Read alone it is pretty silly and vulgar . Read - after - you have finished Sherwood Anderson 's _ Dark Laughter _ , however , this book is very funny . Hemingway spoofs both Anderson 's style and his silly plot . And throughout , EH offers a treatise on the art of parody . The book is very short , and tightly controlled by Hemingway -LRB- something Anderson did n't get right with Dark Laughther -RRB- . The book is also interesting for those invested in the perennial Hemingway was/was not a racist argument . Read alone , the bits about Indians would be highly offensive , but read in light of Anderson 's horrifying primitivism and liberal use of the N-word in Dark Laughter , Hemingway 's depiction of the Indians is really a chastisement of Anderson 's silly racist story . Hemingway 's complex sense of humor , visible in his other novels under the surface , is fully on display here . Too bad time has eradicated a fuller understanding of all the jokes . I recommend this book for Hemingway aficionados and for students of modernism who need a wake-up call about Hemingway 's place -LRB- and his understanding of that place -RRB- in the modernist canon .
 I thought I 'd read everything Hemingway ever published , but I was not even familiar with this one . When I read that it was a parody , I thought I might not get it , since it had been a long time since I 'd read any of the authors he was targeting . Instead I found myself laughing out loud . So much reminded me of best-sellers I had read in recent years -LRB- The Bridges of Madison County is one which comes to mind -RRB- . It just goes to show , great writing can come in many styles , but bad writing remains amazingly consistant over the years .
 ` The Torrents of Spring ' is an early novel from Hemingway that was written during his time Paris . It is relatively short in length and is a satirical parody of the literary style of his fellow expat writers at that time . This follows Yogi Johnson and Scripps O'Neil as they go about their lives in a small town in Michigan . It is quite funny and although stylised , easy enough to read . It is unlike any of Hemingway 's later novels and although his style is evident throughout , you can tell he had n't quite found his voice yet . I found this to be a short , but entertaining read and whilst it does n't have any great depth or substance , it is still well worth a read if you have enjoyed any of Hemingway 's books in the past.Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page .
 With Washington Irving 's ' A Knickerbocker 's History of New York ' -LRB- 1809 -RRB- and Dawn Powell 's ' A Time To Be Born ' -LRB- 1942 -RRB- , Ernest Hemingway 's ` The Torrents of Spring ' -LRB- 1926 -RRB- is one of the funniest books in the annals of American literature . A parody of the `` the Chicago school of literature '' and especially of Sherwood Anderson 's ` Dark Laughter ' -LRB- 1925 -RRB- , the book is simultaneously a short story , a novella , and a false novel fragment that haphazardly exams the lives of Scripps O'Neill and his acquaintance Yogi Johnson , two rambling dreamers who timelessly represent the American everyman.As a light-hearted attack on the sentimentality , humanistic philosophy , and conceptualization of the `` American Dream '' in the literature it parodies , the book presents Scripps as a reverie-addicted individual who is consistently but unknowingly his own worst enemy . Earnestly obsessed with self definition and struggling to grasp the larger picture in any given situation , no matter how inconsequential or obvious , Scripps lives in a constant rhetorical haze . Perceiving unbounded potential everywhere , irrepressible Scripps is actually able to concretize very little . Like Scripps , the more prosaic Yogi finds his illusory assumptions about life and other people flatly shot down at every turn.In a hilarious series of fugue states , Scripps indulges in dramatic but false memories of being present while his ancestral home is burned to the ground during the Civil War , of his childhood as a starving urchin on the streets of Chicago , and of the ethnicity and social prominence of his forbears . Forgetting that it was Yogi , not himself , who visited Paris during the Great War , Scripps longs to make a return visit.Gloriously unsophisticated and uneducated , Scripps deduces that becoming a world-renowned composer is simply a matter of getting the job . Sensing the power and esteem attributed to words in the highest circles of society , Scripps adopts a cultish attitude towards famous writers and literature , and intermittently imagines himself to be a great novelist who has merely failed to commit pen to page.Like Bruce Dudley and Sponge Martin , Anderson 's Scripps and Yogi prototypes , the Hemingway protagonists anxiously but futilely fixate on questions concerning masculinity , sexual identity , physical prowess , and the threatening presence of the creative impulse in the psyche of the American male.But Scripps and Yogi are also endearing , small town folk heroes clearly not to be despised , for almost every character in ` The Torrents of Spring ' lives in the same fog-bound world of desire-skewering contingency , misread signs , and naivet&eacute; . These include elderly British waitress Mrs. Scripps , who desperately subscribes to elitist literary journals in the hopes of `` keeping her man , '' and the foreman of the pump plant where Scripps and Yogi are employed , who is continuously unable to determine with absolute certainty whether `` the chinook wind , '' the harbinger of spring , is genuinely blowing or not.The title of ` Dark Laughter ' had several meanings , the most literal of which referred to the `` high shrill laughter of the negroes , '' which , Anderson said `` must always be imagined at the back of the story . `` Hemingway pushes Anderson 's metaphor -- and patronizing attitude towards Blacks -- as hard as he possibly can , and thus one of two Black characters in ` The Torrents of Spring ' manifests as nothing but a disembodied voice almost continually in the throws of howling offstage laughter . Hemingway corrects Anderson by portraying both his Black characters -- a cook and a bartender -- as the only two people who actually comprehend the absurdity of the events unfolding around them.Hemingway 's genius was to immediately perceive and respond to the multiple unintentionally amusing qualities in the Anderson novel , especially since Anderson was , at the time , the well respected author of ` Winesburg , Ohio ' -LRB- 1919 -RRB- , and Hemingway , an unknown , was shortly to become the highly influential voice of American literature on the world stage.Through subtle recreation , Hemingway beautifully punctures such mawkish ` Dark Laughter ' passages as `` words flitting across the mind of Bruce Dudley , varnishing wheels in the factory of the Grey Wheel Company of Old Harbor , Indiana . Thoughts flitting across his mind . Drifting images . He had begun to get a little skill with his fingers . Could one in time get a little skill with thoughts , too ? Could thoughts and images be laid on paper some day as Sponge Martin laid on varnish , never too thick , never too thin , never lumpy ? '' Few readers will be surprised to learn that ` Dark Laughter ' has been out of print for decades.There 's little doubt that Hemingway loved Scripps and Yogi ; his playful appreciation of both is abundantly evident on every page , giving the text an ironic sentimental glow of its own . In fact , it is surprising that ` The Torrents of Spring ' is n't longer . At eighty-seven brief , disciplined pages , readers may wish that the adventures of these two remarkable men , each of whom is perennially caught in the headlights of life , continued on and on .
 This little 90-page novella/short story was written in 1926 , and is very representative of Hemingway 's style and sense of humor . It is a parody of the early so-called vogue of a writing style , that all writers were expected to follow ; but Hemingway broke the mold and wrote an entertaining story in his own way and style . He wrote in short , declarative sentences and was soon recognized for his tough , no-nonsense prose . This is a quick read enjoyed along with a glass of sherry or sogu on a cold wet evening - he mentions winter and ice quite often - so a warming toddy would be perfect .
 I thought Hemingway was very humorous when reading A Movable Feast ; the part with the touring he did with F. Scott Fitzgerald . The Torrents of Spring actually broke me up in places . How delightful to know that Earnest Hemingway had a good sense of humor . If you like the man , I recommend this read .
 The only other Hemingway novel I have read is ` Fiesta ' . There is something about Hemingway that seems to be illusion for me - the ease of the reading , the detail of the observation . As if , perhaps , his works are more like viewing a painting rather than reading a novel.When I first read ` Fiesta ' I was linked with the book by an early reference in it to W H Hudson - one of my favourite writers . When I read ` Fiesta ' a second time -LRB- and reviewed it for Amazon -RRB- I was intruiged by another literary reference that had meant nothing to me on my first reading - Ivan Turgenev . What intruiged me even more was that Hemingway had written this novel - ` The Torrents of Spring ' - and Turgenev had written a novel called -LRB- in English translation -RRB- ` Spring Torrents ' . But Hemingway is nothing like Turgenev , although the penultimate chapter did bring me some reminders . And then the literary references grabbed me again as Hemingway refers to Huysmans whose ` Against Nature ' appealed to me greatly.As Spring approaches in ` The Torrents of Spring ' -LRB- firstly with a false chinook -RRB- changes occur in a number of character 's lives - recoveries , disappointments , brief pleasures , radical - if temporary - alterations . Sometimes the changes are slow and dreaded , sometimes they are abrupt and unexpected . Whatever the case , life does go on - dreamily it seems to me . Turgenev 's idea of a torrent much more closely matched my understanding of the word than Hemingway 's . Hemingway is easy to read . You will probably enjoy this light and amusing novel . I am less sure that it will be memorable . Not in the way Turgenev 's ` Spring Torrents ' is .
 The book came in a beautiful leather binding . I plan on purchasing all of Hemingway 's major works from this company .
 Just when I thought that Lost Girls was a fluke for Pyper , a first time novelist , along comes his second effort , The Trade Mission , which has all the power of Lost Girls and is pure story from beginning to end.It 's a difficult book to put down . The plot unfolds at roughly the speed of light . The Trade Mission examines what happens when civilized -LRB- although emotionally damaged -RRB- people are thrown into an unfamiliar survival situation.Great book !!
 You may wish they did n't exist , but the main characters -LRB- heroes ? anti-heroes ? -RRB- of The Trade Mission are representative of their age and time and place -- more than that , damn if I did n't recognize myself in the way they thought , what was important to them , the way they saw their harsh `` reality '' at a remove , as though a movie or `` interactive '' game . Yes , the novel is exciting and brooding and suspenseful and gruesome at times , but it 's also a fantastically spot-on characterization of a generation ... MY generation . Who would have guessed that a book that nails twentysomething , 21st century North American psyche takes place in Brazil ?
 What I loved most about THE TRADE MISSION is the way it tellsa compelling , thrilling , thoughtful story , while at the same time tackling some of the most important questions that accompany living in the contemporary world
 In Pyper 's second book , all of the flaws of `` Lost Girls '' fail to exist . The plot is simpler , but just as suspenseful . There are no loose ends this time around . No mini-plots that were never finished . His social commentary and character development are just amazing . And the fact that it 's written all in present tense adds a mystique to the entire book.Excellent , excellent book . I can not wait for more from Pyper . - Delaney
 Just when I thought Lost Girls was a fluke from a first-time novelist , along came The Trade Mission.Pure story from beginning to end , The Trade Mission shows what happens when you put normally civilized -LRB- although emotionally crippled -RRB- individuals into an unknown survival situation.The story grabs you from the first moments in the frozen wilderness , drags you along for the ride in the jungles of Brazil , and does n't let go until it has wrung out every emotion from the reader.Can ' t wait for number 3 from this incredibly talented young writer !
 Well , this is a different novel from Lost Girls , but in my view , an even better one over-all -LRB- and I loved Pyper 's first book , too -RRB- . It 's a more straightforward narrative , but the suspense is all the greater for that . I really believed in the characters -LRB- even if I 'm glad I do n't have to count them among my best friends ! -RRB- and they felt real to me . And man , can this author write an original , thrilling , feel it in your bones action sequence!I was a fan before , and remain a fan . Here is a case of an author who not only deserved the hype the first time round , but has managed to live it down on the second effort . Ca n't wait for the next one ...
 A good read , even for a non-tennis person . He does tend to overly name names , but if you 're into tennis the names are all familiar , if you 're not ... you can skim over them easily . He goes through his career and ends with his lovelife . Interesting .
 This a very interesting look at a extremely complicated and somewhat contradictory individual . If your a MacEnroe fan it is a must read !
 John McEnroe was a freshman at Stanford during my last year of graduate school . He joined the top ranked team in the nation and as a freshman became the star of the team and led them to a national championship and an undefeated season . He left to turn pro after his freshman year . Yet this could have been expected . Before arriving on the scene at Stanford he made a miraculous run as a junior reaching the semi-finals at Wimbledon ! All this and more is detailed in this book.The book is basically a look at McEnroe 's life , how he was involved in sports at an early age and actually liked team sports like basketball better than tennis . This and his natural patriotism explain why he played Davis Cup so much and encouraged others to do the same.Most of the book deals with his childhood friendships and his ascension in the tennis ranks to his run as the number one player in tennis . He describes his great matches and you get an inside look at what led to his great victories and his agonizing defeats . He even replays as best he can his terrible fold to Lendl in the only French Open he really should have won.Part of his purpose in writing this book is to give you a look at what was going on inside him when he had his infamous tirades on the tennis court . He reveals the New Yorker inside of him and his inability to control his temper . Contrary to what many think this was not something that he did for advantage . McEnroe felt that these outburst hurt his matches as much as it helped him . He also usually felt bad or guilty about it afterwards.John McEnroe is an intelligent and complex person and that comes out if you read this book closely . Late in the book you get a glimpse at his personal life . His marriage to Tatum O'Neill and the problems that led to their stormy divorce . Unlike what most people think , he does not blame her for the problems and does accept some of the responsibility . But he definitely wants to dispell the notion that he tried to hold back her acting career in favor of his tennis career.We also get a glimpse of his second marriage to Patty Smyth and how his attempts with his own rock band nearly caused problems in that marriage.McEnroe seems to be a much more content soul these days . He has his tennis commentating and received the honor of Davis Cup captain and induction into the Tennis Hall of Fame that were oviously very satisfying achievements . Still it seems that he wants to change his public personna . The bad boy image is not something he is proud of and this book and his recently unsuccessful TV quiz show seem to be attempts to reconstruct his image . He also has a very good sense of humor which comes across in this book as well as in his TV commercials
 McEnroe is an enigma . He was certainly one of the greatest tennis players of all time , a joy to watch in his prime for his extraordinary skill . His behavior was abominable sometimes , just plain out-of-line by most standards . Many people have written him off as worthy of no respect for that reason , yet he really was a great player , is now the best male commentator on TV -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- , and a very altruistic person , -LRB- he is one of the top charity fund raisers in the tennis world . -RRB- If I remember correctly , he was honored as father of the year in his native New York recently.In this book , he speaks for himself . He does n't forgive his behavior or suggest it was appropriate , and he does apologize . Yet , it is easier to see his many sides . He talks about being so alone on the tennis court . He loved Davis Cup partly because it was a team sport . I 've always thought he was such a strong person , able to take the unpopular stand on things , but reading his own words , he comes across as remarkably insecure and craving approval . The public adulation of being # 1 was his motivation more than an innate love of playing tennis . I find that amazing.I am a tennis player and fan , and I try hard to separate great achievers from their personal beliefs and private lives . This book helped me to understand the man , the person , the little boy , the young adult with extraordinary skills who found himself pulled into a fantastic world where he was supremely successful but lacked the character to achieve greatness in all areas . At least he is open about that . This is his point of view , and he deserves his say . The book is well written , I feel like I just had a nice long conversation with this remarkable person .
 When McEnroe was a freshman at Stanford , I was in my last year of graduate school there . He joined the top ranked college tennis team and became the star as a freshman . He led Stanford to another national championship and an undefeated season . Then he turned pro after his freshman year . This was disappointing at Stanford but should have been expected . Before arriving on the scene at Stanford he made a miraculous run at Wimbledon reaching the semi-finals as a junior tennis player ! All this and more is discussed in detail in this book.This book basically takes a not too serious look at McEnroe 's life , how he was involved in sports at an early age and actually liked team sports such as basketball better than tennis . His natural patriotism explains why he played Davis Cup so much and encouraged others to do the same.Much of the book deals with his childhood friendships and his ascension in the tennis ranks all the way through his run as the number 1 player in the world . He describes many of his classic matches and you get a glimpse of what was going on in his mind during his great victories at Wimbledon and agonizing defeats -LRB- e.g. Lendl at the French Open -RRB- . Part of the reason for writing the book was to give the reader an inside look at what was going on during his infamous tirades on the tennis court . He reveals his New York upbringing and his inability to control his temper . Later on in the book we get to see some of the personal side . Inspite of the stormy divorce to Tatum O'Neal , John does not display animosity toward her in this book and he actually accepts part of the blame for the break-up . But he definitely wants to dispell the notion that he tried to hold her back in her acting career in favor of her supporting his tennis.You also get a glimpse at his second and apparently very successful marriage to the rock star Patty Smyth . You also see how his attempts at leading his own rock group caused some turmoil in that marriage.McEnroe is a very intelligent and complex person . His intelligence and tennis skills are often overlooked or played down by tennis fans because of his notorious cry baby attitude that he displayed so prominently on the court . His tantrums were accepted and tolerated by tennis officials because of his great success and the interest it brought to tennis . But he was a poor role model that others copied . He was not the first though . Remember Ille Nastase!McEnroe seems to be much more content these days . He has been a successful tennis commentator and received the honor of being named the US team 's Davis Cup captain and was elected into the Tennis Hall of Fame . These were obviously very satisfying achievements . Still it seems that he wrote this book to help change his public personna . He is not happy with his bad boy image and by writing this book and hosting a TV quiz show he hopes to show a different side of him as he reconstructs his image . He has a very good sense of humor that comes through in the book as well as in some of his recent TV commercials.I also found it interesting to hear about his relaionship with Mary Carillo . They both are tennis commentators now . Also John 's brother Patrick has made his mark on the tennis world , not through his mediocre fennis career but for his estute commentator , more insightful than his brother John and his success as a Davis Cup captain who brought the cup back to the USA this year .
 I became interested in tennis watching Jimmy Conners , Ivan Lendl and John McEnroe play tennis . My brother and I would go to the park on US Open and Wimbleton weekends and pretend we were the different pros while playing our mildly -LSB- bad -RSB- matches . I was a fan on McEnroe 's but it was always kind of a love/hate relationship because I saw my childish self in him . I was a bit petulant myself when I played sports but , on the other hand , I was always embarrassed by my behavior and wished I could control it . I guess I projected some of these feelings onto McEnroe.It was nice , therefore , to read his book . To be honest , I really did n't know much about him and it was interesting to get a look at how he became a tennis star . And interesting to see what he did with his fame . Let 's face it , people like McEnroe get to do a lot more than those of us who work for a living and it 's fun to live vicariously through them . This is n't a book filled with shocking revelations , if that 's what you 're looking for , but it is a real romp at times.I tend to read autobiographies as opposed to biographies . I think it 's usually more fun to read what a person has to say about themselves as opposed to what others have to say about them . A person writing about their own life has an agenda , of course , just like any biographer but this just tells you even more about them . In this book , despite the help from Mr. Kaplan , McEnroe sounds like McEnroe . And that 's what I wanted to read . If you are a fan , you should definitely take a look .
 As a teen in the 80 's and an avid tennis fan and player ; `` Mac '' was my idol because he was an extraordinary athlete and he just said what was on his mind - `` there 's got to be the-someone-so-called ` Bad Boy ' of tennis and it might as well be me . '' I could not put this book down and read the entire book within one day . The best parts of the book was when Mac discussed his ascent onto the professional circuit circa 1977 to his domination in 1984 . I enjoyed how he broke down the key matches with Borg , Lendl , Becker , and Connors . Mac 's attitude is reflected as to who he genuinely respects . . Borg , Vilas , Sampras , Agassi , and Peter Fleming ; Who he despises ... Lendl , Becker , Connors , Bill Scanlon , Brad Gilbert , and the Williams Sisters ; and who he feels sympathy for ... Vitas , Frank Hammond , and his brother , Patrick -LRB- ! -RRB- . I was hoping for more direct Mac-level commentary and more insight on his interpersonal conflicts on and after the tour . I 've seen Mac much more candid when he was interviewed on Letterman several times and I just felt he did n't 100 % say what was on his mind about the players , the current state of tennis , and what he viewed as essential for tennis to survive . I also thought the sections about his romance -LRB- s -RRB- could have been handled better - forget the romances ; we want to hear the conflict and the thought processes of a still impressive athlete and entertaining and interesting individual !
 I do n't know if it is because I am an avid tennis player and have been since I was ten , but this was the fastest read that I have ever had in a book . It is very entertaining and informative . John McEnroe is a very good story teller . The people that he knew and has met in his life is amazing . It makes you wish that you could have been there too living it with him!He is an amazing man .
 I loved this book . It was interesting and entertaining from cover to cover . I literally laughed out loud in the bookstore when I was flipping through it and read the part where he talks about Brad Gilbert ! Perhaps Mr. McEnroe should take up writing as a sideline .
 McEnroe not only captures his career , but his entire era - McEnroe , Connors , Borg , etc. . His honesty is refreshing . This book together with Agassi 's `` Open '' encompass most of the open era up until Federer-Nadal-Djoker . For players age 50 + / - , a must read .
 This is the true tale of John McEnroe , the baddest boy that tennis has ever seen . I enjoyed reading his story , especially his take on various foes like Jimmy Connors , Ivan Lendl , and Bjorn Borg . The writing is crisp , but not to the level of some memoirs I 've read . Overall , a satisfying read that reveals more than I expected.If you are looking for the ultimate tennis tell-all , I highly recommend Andre Agassi ` sOpen
 I recently read this book , and it is without a doubt one of the best autobiographies of a tennis player ever -LRB- tied with Andre Agassi 's `` Open '' -RRB- . I was surprised at how funny McEnroe was , and how he took the mickey out of himself , as well as talked about how hard he pushed himself to become a better tennis player when he started out and how it was difficult for him to get the skills needed . Also , how much he was in awe of Borg and what becoming the No. 1 player meant to him . I thought it was interesting how he talked about when his career ended , and how he started a new career becoming a TV presenter for today 's tennis tournaments , for which I think he has done a great job . I intend to soon read Rafael Nadal 's new autobiography , and if you are a fan of this sport and would like to read about the history of players then I seriously suggest reading this book .
 Johnny Mac is a very interesting guy . Having grown up watching his epic matches with Borg and Connors I was eager to read this book . It did not disappoint . You will be happy to find all the details on his tennis career and all of the behind-the-scenes action that the media never covers.But even more impressive was to read about John 's growth from a self-centered kid into a mature father . As one who has made the same journey , this part really touched me.The only thing missing was more dirt on his ex-wife 's abuse of narcotics and their custody battle , as well as details on the abuse dished out by his ex-father law . But I guess you have to respect a guy who does n't trash people just to sell a few more books.Well worth the -LRB- used book -RRB- price !
 McEnroe takes you on a chronilogical tour of his career starting from childhood all the way to the early 2000 's . I would definitely recommend this book for someone who is a lover of tennis , especially tennis from the 70 's and 80 's . Even without knowing about a lot about his competitors , I still enjoyed the dialogue and Mac 's opinions of some of his older matches . He certainly was n't afraid to let the reader know exactly what he felt about refs , calls , and his opponents . The story of his ` Hollywood ' life during his tennis career was also a very enjoyable read . He takes you through the story with his two wives , his kids , and his parties and activites with celebrities . He also talks briefly of some of his other career endeavors including his art gallery and his dream of having his own band and being a famous musician . The only thing I thought he should have talked more about was some of his more recent activities . The last 5 years or so seemed to be quick even though a lot had happened . Besides the missing detail there , the book was a good read . Even without being a huge tennis fan , I enjoyed the book . I imagine that a real tennis fan would love this book .
 The greatest asset of Mr. McEnroe 's autobiography is the author 's -LRB- sometimes brutal -RRB- honesty regarding both himself and the characters/events surrounding his rise to fame . Sure , it is clear at times that McEnroe is concealing some juicy details about his personal life , but it is not fair to expect admissions about everything ! What McEnroe does share proves to be very revealing about both the pro-tennis tour and his celebrity lifestyle.Ultimately this book will appeal to fans of not just McEnroe , but rather all of his contemporaries , since McEnroe is not afraid to dish the dirt on his colleagues . Although McEnroe is not going to be winning a literary prize anytime soon -LRB- some exciting grand slam wins are breezed by in a style that makes them seem almost secondary -RRB- , his exciting roller coaster life proves amiable reading which most tennis aficionados will enjoy .
 Born in Germany in 1959 , John McEnroe must surely be considered one of the great tennis players . He turned professional in 1979 , though reached the semi-finals of Wimbledon as an amateur in 1978 - a record , at the time , for an amateur in the open era . He went on to win 77 singles and 77 doubles titles , including 7 Singles and 10 Doubles at the Grand Slams . He most famous match , strangely enough , may well be one he lost
 Howdy , I really enjoyed reading this book from the very beginning . Very well written and it gave a lot of insight to the man behind the headband.I had been wanting to read this for quite some time and found it hard to put down.All in all I enjoyed it a lot .
 I am a HUGE tennis fan . My tennis memories stretch back to seeing Rod Laver -LRB- one of McEnroe 's idols -RRB- battle Ken Rosewall . Growing up I often played tennis during the summer at a local park . I continue to play today and I go to the US Open for a couple of daytime matches every year . I do n't watch tennis on TV the way I once did . During the late 70 's and early eighties , anytime Borg or McEnroe were playing a match , against each other or against other opponents , I made sure to watch the event . My allegiance was originally with Borg , because of his speed covering the baseline , his two-handed backhand , his european background , and his quiet dignity . No one ever played the baseline like Borg . All McEnroe did was change the way tennis was played . He combined foot speed -LRB- which he credits to playing soccer -RRB- , hand speed , hand-eye coordination , with the best serve and volley game in tennis . This made him virtually unstoppable when he was in the zone . In terms of pure tennis skill , no one else came close to McEnroe during his prime . Because he was left-handed , his first serve , which angled almost into the stands on some occasions , drew opposing players very far off the actual playing court . IF they were able to return his serve , McEnroe would simply rush the net , pick and choose where the ball would go in the open court , and either volley , half volley , or drop volley the ball to a wide open court.Fortunately , McEnroe does credit many people along the way with helping him improve his game . However , he was hampered by so many emotional problems I found it difficult to watch him . McEnroe talks about his problems during this period . His family , in particular his father , was a source of tremendous conflict for McEnroe . Borg was his alter-ego because of his ability to move laterally and horizontally with cat-like quickness . Together they played some of the finest tennis matches ever seen . McEnroe talks quite movingly about his experiences with Borg , his Davis Cup appearances , and other tennis-related aspects of his life . In 1985 I stayed up until four o'clock in the morning to watch Johnny Mac and Peter Fleming play against Guillermo Vilas in Davis Cup . It was the GREATEST doubles match I have ever witnessed , and one of the greatest sporting events I have ever seen on TV . They played in front of an Argentine crowd which was so anti-American and anti-McEnroe , I thought there would be a riot during the match . But Mac and Fleming were victorious . Afterwards , McEnroe and Fleming were interviewed on TV while they drank Heinekens . How many TV interviews have you seen where the athlete is drinking a beer ? Say what you will about his behavior , he remains an individual in professional tennis . He is filled with conflicts which he discusses at length . He played Davis Cup for his country whenever he was asked , yet he exhibited behavior on the court which gave new life to the phrase `` ugly american '' . I have not always been a big McEnroe supporter . I thought tennis was a game where your emotions were kept in reserve while you battled your opponent , akin to chess . For that reason , and others , I never really enjoyed the theatrical aspect of McEnroe , or Connors , or Nastase throwing fits on the court . Give me a five match epic without much histrionics thrown in , and I am a happy camper.I still dislike Connors and Nastase , and after reading this book , my impressions are unlikely to change . In this book Connors comes across as self-absorbed , opportunistic , and somewhat dull away from the tennis court . McEnroe openly discusses his family , tennis , even the impact of 9/11/01 . He is forthcoming about his problems , and displays a fairly high level of awareness than other athlete-turned-authors . The only reason I gave this book four stars instead of five is because I had just finished reading a biography of Vince Lombardi , written by David Maranis . The Lombardi bio is quite possibly the best sports bio I have ever read . This one is very good , but it pales somewhat next to the work of a seasoned journalist like Maranis . If you are a tennis fan , or a fan of Johnny Mac then you should find this book very appealing .
 If you call yourself a tennis enthusiast , suffice to say you 're not one in my book if you have n't read You Can not Be Serious . The always irreverent Johnny Mac takes the reader behind the scenes of his meteoric and sudden rise to the top of the tennis world as a teenager as well as his difficult , if not tumultuous , ride down when he was married to Tatum O'Neal . McEnroe recounts many amusing anecdotes from his tennis days that make for an entertaining read . He tells the stories behing his not so secret disdain for the enigmatic Jimmy Connors -LRB- beginning with Connors ' refusal to shake his hand prior to their first Wimbledon meeting in 1977 when McEnroe was an 18 year-old unseeded juniors player -RRB- . McEnroe reveals his propensity for smoking marijuana during his self-imposed hiatus from tennis in the mid 80 's , the wild partying with the amiable Vitas Gerulaitis , the mutual camaraderie , unparalleled competition , and respect , of his nemesis and friend Bjorn Borg , the infamous longstanding feud with Connors , and his passion for , and unprecedented success , with Davis Cup . Johnny Mac tells of an offer of $ 1 Million from Donald Trump to play Venus that Venus turned down based on the somewhat dubious claim that she did n't want to play `` an old man . '' McEnroe , ever the competitor , tells of his anger over Steffi 's notorious default of their Wimbledon mixed doubles semi that left him calling her a rather choice name -LRB- female dog is a hint -RRB- in the locker room - strangely enough in the company of her future hubby Andre Agassi and his then coach Brad Gilbert . Good stuff .
 I really enjoyed this book . The first half focuses on JMacs tennis career and matches and he gives a lot of insight into his key matches and opponents . He definitely gets rather technical here but I find it interesting to read his analysis of Arthur Ashe 's backhand , for example . He does n't shrink away from doing a set by set analysis of his key matches , but again I find it interesting to read a first hand account of a wimbledon final in intricate detail from the perspective of one of the participants ... The second half focuses more on his personal life , which was less interesting to me . Mcenroe is remarkably straightforward about his shortcomings on and off the court , which makes this more honest and less self-aggrandizing than most autobiographies . For anyone interested in the game of tennis and the career and opinions of one of the game 's greatest players , this is definitely worth picking up .
 Love him or hate him , John McEnroe is an engaging personality . Reading this autobiography is just like listening to him do tennis commentary -- it 's conversational , funny , and honest . I already liked McEnroe , but I like him even more after reading this book . He can admit when he is wrong -LRB- well , now he can at least -RRB- , and he is not afraid to share moments of insecurity and awkwardness in his life . He is a real human being , and it shines through in these pages . I wish there were more men 's tennis players like him today .
 This book is so much fun to read . McEnroe is a unique individual . He is incredibly arrogant , neurotic , rude , self centered , and narcissic . He is also insightful , brilliant , artistic . He understands the game like few others . He also plays the game like few others . It all comes through perfectly well in this biography . Nothing in this book was surprising . It was all expectable Mac in your face stuff . And , it was so much fun.On a more serious tone , Mac has a lot of smart wisdom to impart about the game , and the game 's direction . He makes a lot of recommendation that make a lot of sense , but unfortunately are utopic . The most noteworthy of them , is that tennis should go back to wood racquets . I fully agree . Mac feels that the character of the game , and the associated skill requirement completely changed after that.I do n't know if anyone remembers the artistic , versatile styles of Adriano Panata , Ilie Nastase , Tom Okker , Manuel Santana . They all played with wood racquets . Their style of finesse and unpredictability is gone from the game . John McEnroe also emulated that style . Today , our only hope is Roger Federer who shows the versatility and talent of the past . Unfortunately , he rarely passes the first round in any Gran Slam tournaments , and gets worn down by some anonymous grunter .
 I bought this book mainly because i was in love with Tennis and always wondered what made john mcenroe lose it on the court . Tho i was too young to watch him during his peak years , he always facinated me and would watch his recorded matches a lot.In this book he reveals the emotions of each of those matches and points , and it was a real pleasure . You can never hate him , but you can never be his greatest fan . what you would admire in the book is his honesty . His passion for life , family and game of tennis is very admirable . A great living legend but still a human being with emotions and anxieties just like u and me.His patriotism is irreplaceable.Definitely he puts in a lot of humour into the book also.To compare the game of the williamses with the college professionals that was uncalled for.To enjoy this book you really need to know in and out of tennis , the legends , the matches , the controversial points ... But for a tennis fan , this is the best treatThankyou and Kudos for a great book
 I found John to be quite candid about his professional tennis career , his personal life from family to first marriage and now with his second wife . I was suprised by the amount of children he has and his hands on role as a parent . He talks openly about success , drugs , fame , family , his past , the present and future hopes and dreams . There are a collection of photographs that add to the story telling and validate this man of many talents . I was a fan during his peak on the tennis courts and found him refreshingly outspoken and spirited . His book is more of the same with a bit of wisdom , grace and class that seems to stem from his age/personal growth . Interesting and enjoyable read .
 I enjoyed watching Johnny Mc play tennis and I enjoyed his book . It was truthful and entertaining . I liked it so much I bought two books . One for me and one as a gift.I think most of the reviews are sour . John is one of the outstanding pople of our generation!An Ace in my book !
 I grew up watching John McEnroe in action . I 'm an avid reader and a tennis lover . And I could not have asked for a better read.The book is very different from anything you might have read . But then , so is Johnny Mac . Right from the get go , you feel as if McEnroe himself is talking to you and telling his story in person . You can almost hear him speaking as you read . You get to know a lot of tennis legends , from Borg to Sampras ... plus the greatest of them all , the super brat himself . You wo n't be disappointed .
 I just love laugh out loud books . This one is especially great because it 's non-fiction . Another laugh out loud book is In-Law Drama . We all need to laugh during these trying times . Get these books and LAUGH !
 John McENroe a Complex Great Athlete with Many thoughts & Relfections.that Balance of Talent & Flaw that Creates something Special.He brngs so much to Life on & off the Court.He is one of those Rare Sports Figures that you Either Loathed or Loved but there was no Middle Ground with McENROE !! this Book adds another Chapter to His Legacy .
 I was teaching at Stanford when McEnroe spent his freshman year there and became an instant fan . Over the years I , like millions of other tennis fans , sufferred through John 's losses and basked in the glow of his great triumphs . I ALWAYS loved the supreme elegance of his tennis and I ALWAYS knew intuitively that what he was enduring both on and off the court was the inevitable consequence of his very personal style of consumate professionalism , and the rigors of young celebrity . I hurted for him but I never condemned him . His revelations in his book suggest that he is growing up and finding a measure of peace in his life . But you 're still very young John , and there is hopefully another half century of growth and maturation for you out there to be had -- so go do it!This book is very well written and full of a touching -LRB- if somewhat naive -RRB- honesty . But I buy into McEnroe 's sincerity and am moved by the extent to which he wants `` forgiveness '' from his fans . Regardless of that French open disaster and missing the much wanted Australian triumph , you WILL be remembered as one of the greatest tennis players of all time John . No one player can ever be called be THE greatest !
 Johnnie Mac muses in print on why he even wanted to write this book , and figures it 's largely because he wants to keep out there , loves the attention . Could be ; it certainly was n't to bare his breast and tell all he could be telling.This is not to say he does n't try to be honest . Mac is refreshingly frank about his tantrums , the emotional triggers which set them off , his crushing fear of failure , his feelings after a mood hits . No doubt Mac was able to win a lot of matches by tapping into his emotions , but he lost more than a few by letting them get out of control . One can feel McEnroe 's pain and sense of loss after blowing a couple of chances he 'd never get again , losses mostly his own fault.Beyond that , you get almost a match-by-match history of Mac 's rise and fall in tennis , starting when he 's playing at his parents ' club , some of which can get tedious . This kind of thing could have been left for an appendix . People naturally want to read about the Wimbledon battles with Borg , or the struggles with Connors , but not every match rises to this level . Also , he occasionally will have trouble giving credit where due ; some of his excuses for losing matches are pitiful or laughable.What you do n't get would be far more interesting . His problematic relationship with Tatum - and her problematic relationship with drugs - is touched on all-too-lightly , considering this first pushed his career into limbo and then into its decline ; the parties with Gerulaitis and later Borg are mentioned so obliquely that if you did n't know what they were doing you 'd never guess it from this book ; and more information on the difference between commenting on a game and playing in it would have been welcome . Even a chapter on his art gallery project would have been better than the couple of lines he writes.John McEnroe may at times have been a colossal and self-centered jerk , but he was also one of the greatest tennis players ever to have lived , a magnificent athlete when one could still compete internationally without having to transform oneself into a machine or a freak . His was an exciting and honest game . There have been bad boys before and since ; his talent made him a standout . McEnroe haters will ascribe some blame to him for the decline of civility or decency in sports in general ; perhaps . But if the spectators really wanted it any differently they would vote with their dollars . McEnroe was an American original , encompassing both the good and the bad.The book is worth reading as light gossip about Peter Fleming , Farah and Ryan O'Neal , Borg , and Connors -LRB- a presence Mac ca n't seem to grok or figure out or get over -RRB- , and of course there is the tennis . But Mac 's full story has yet to be told .
 The McEnroe-Borg-Connors years were the apex of tennis viewing . These three very different individuals brought tennis to a much larger viewing audience . Their games and rivalries have - in my opinion - never been matched since . Men 's tennis has become too power-serve oriented - at least Women 's tennis has more rallies and somehow the shorter games can make for an interesting match.As you would expect from a super-star and a number-one ranked player , Mr. McEnroe comes off as very self-centred - there are all manner of justifications in this book for his many temper tantrums and outspokenness on the tennis court . He does dwell on his inner feelings - he has never gotten over his loss to Ivan Lendl in the French Open Final - a Grand Slam event he never won . And surprisingly , in the same way that Borg never got over losing to McEnroe at the 1980 U.S. Open , McEnroe never quite got over Borg 's total withdrawal from the game after 1981 . He missed his adversary and fell into the doldrums . He describes difficulties after that in getting motivated for matches.As much as John explores his inner feelings , he does come off as someone incapable of viewing the world from another individual 's perspective . He becomes irate in the late 1980 's when Steffi Graff pulls out of a doubles competition with him in Wimbledon - without realizing that doubles competition is a very poor cousin to singles competition - can anyone remember who won a doubles competition at a Grand Slam event ? Also Mr. McEnroe himself either withdrew or deliberately `` choked '' in several matches due to his tennis `` depression '' . He does not seem to realize that his several vicious tirades against umpires and fans -LRB- plus breaking tennis rackets -RRB- will make some people think rather less of him.Mr . McEnroe is honest about himself in this book . For my taste there is too much on wives , ex-wives and girlfriends . Little is said about women 's tennis - Navaratilova is hardly mentioned , Chris Evert not at all .
 I just finished reading this book , and now I 'm ready to buy all the videos of McEnroe 's old matches against Borg , Conners , Lendl , etc. . . Now that I know the stories behind the on-court rants , and what went on behind the scenes at some of these tournaments , I want to watch it all over again!If you are a fan of John McEnroe , which I am , you will love this book ! Growing up in the tennis boom of the 80s , I was drawn to McEnroe 's passion for the game , and as a young player I tried to emulate him , but I never knew much about McEnroe the man . I found it very interesting to learn how he became such a great player , and hear how he looked at the top players as he was starting out on the pro tour . Imagine being barely 20 years old , running around Europe with guys that * you * idolized , like Borg ! It 's great to hear Mac talk about things like that . You can really tell who he liked , and who just got under his skin . The man does not mix words!Even if you are not a McEnroe fan , but a fan of his era in tennis , you will find this book to be of interest . He talks in great detail about some of the players of that era -LRB- Borg , Conners , Lendl , Vitas G. , Vilas , etc. . . -RRB- and some of their actions on and off the court . To me , anyway , it was quite interesting to hear about that stuff . When you are 10 or 12 years old , like I was in 1980 , you never wondered about what happened off the court , but now you can find out!I was lucky enough to find a SIGNED copy at my local bookstore , as well ! What a bonus !
 I had purchased this book thinking that it was a tell-all about his relationship with Tatum O'Neal as well as all the goings-on in the tennis world . While I do like tennis , I do n't play and do n't watch it enough for the tennis stuff to be all that interesting to me . I thought that the book would have been much more entertaining had I been older in the eighties and remembered most of the people he mentions . It is very `` Oprah-esque '' in his justifications of why he did the things he did , but I do think he has some great ideas for the future of tennis and the USTA would do well to listen to him . After all , it is obvious that tennis has lost many fans since he left the sport . I left the book feeling that McEnroe still feels he has something to prove at least to himself , if not the world . And that is unfortunate , because at this point in his life , he should be able to just sit back and enjoy what he has worked so hard to obtain .
 I loved watching McEnroe play tennis with a wooden racquet and all the angles he created on the court with his serve , volleys and slices . For people who found his behavior on court `` out of order '' they will find a good analysis as to why he was like that.I like McEnroe 's account of himself `` I 'm still a work in progress '' . He talks about his failed marriage with Tatum and subsequent one to Patti Smith . On the tennis side his respect for Borg is very evident and he was never quite the same after Borg retired in 1980 . He certainly did n't like Jimmy Connors and he had run ins with Arthur Ashe in Davis Cup matches.I very much enjoyed the book with his clear , lucid style and would recommend it for tennis fans and anyone who would have strong opinions about him .
 A riveting book about who Johnny Mac was a person and his outlook on life . Very honest portrayal of him . Bold of him to openly talk about his weaknesses as a person not just a player . I absorbed the book in 2 days . Could not put it down . I found myself looking at old tapes of some of his memorable matches -LRB- from my father 's collection -RRB- with a new set of eyes . Loved it . Highly recommend it .
 I found `` You Can not be Serious '' to be an insightful view into John McEnroe 's life as a tennis player , and he certainly has gone on to become probably the best commentator on the sport today -LRB- when is Bud Collins going to retire ? He 's almost as painful to listen to as Dick Button about Figure Skating , and I think that he has retired -RRB- ... when reading the book , myself being an avid tennis player for over 20 years , I was solely concentrating on McEnroe 's rise in the ranks . Another thing that surprised me was when he was a ball boy for Bjorn Borg , he went on to play him in more than several tournaments , and had a complete Idol worship of the Silent Swede , going on to say that Borg was the best male tennis player that the public had ever seen .
 In retrospect , John McEnroe was the only reason I watched tennis on TV . He 's a genius and tennis has n't been the same since ... So I just had to read this book and I absolutely loved it . I understand the people who were hoping he would reveal more - but after having read this I do believe he is essentially a shy person who is n't able to expose every bit of himself . And I do n't agree that he was overly critical of Tatum - from what I read , I believe he was making every effort to stick to the facts.I hope we see more of him on TV and in print.If you enjoy tennis-Read This Book !
 Good book . I read this right after reading Tatum O'Neal 's book for his perspective .
 Tennis at it 's peak ... Great book , Now I remember all those incidents ... Being a huge tennis fan , I found this fun to read and it actually motivated me to play better ...
 Better than I expected ... McEnroe discusses his life on and off the tennis courts with a surprising candidness that is always engaging . His memoir is entertaining , somewhat insightful , and a must-read for anyone who enjoys the sport of tennis , admires McEnroe 's skill both as a player and most recently as a commentator , or wants an inside peek of what went on in those halcyon days of the '70s and '80s when tennis was really at its peak .
 John McEnroe scores a triple bagle on his personal testimony . A brat on the court and an insightful analyst behind it , Johnny Mac endorses tennis fans with a rare perspective of his life unveiling some truths , but attempting to eradicate those dark dots in his life in a self-righteous fashion.Honesty fuels good biographies ; objectivity rattles them . McEnroe offers the former , but true to his principles , repudiates the latter . His admiration for Borg , his disdain for Connors , his arrogance for up-and-coming players , his passion for Davis Cup competition , his addiction to controversy are all illustrated in a book churned by his unparalleled idiom.Yet , his conspicuous bravado backfires on him one too many times . Rather than apologizing , McEnroe expects answers from the likes of Girulaitis and Ashe . Rather than admitting his own share of faults on a relationship that failed because of clashing egos , Tatum O'Neal and her genealogical tree are the evil empire . Rather than trying to understand Lendl 's or Connors ' different personalities , he bad-mouths them imperviously.However , John McEnroe does attain one peculiar feat . He harnesses the various dilemmas presented in his book in much the same way he picked up an argument with a chair umpire or negotiated a long rally with the `` robotic '' Ivan Lendl . He writes a great biography and he does it in his own terms .
 This book is what you would expect from John McEnroe . It details his tennis career along with the random events of his personal life . I was suprised how much was written about his relationship with Tatum O'Neal . It is interesting how he gives his perspective of not only tennis , but what he was also going through off the court and how he dealt with the pressure .
 Back in 1986 the only thing I liked more than playing tennis was watching it on TV . I disliked John McEnroe , but I admit he was entertaining in a trainwreck sort of way . I hated to see him win and loved it when he lost . Things change . I 've since admired and enjoyed the way he commentates a tennis match on TV now . He peels back the layers of tennis players psychology on court in ways few sports commentaters have ever done.Likewise in his book , John commentates on his life as a tennis superstar the same way he would call a tennis match . It 's very funny , very honest , and very multi-dimensional . The self-depriciation of his own childish bad behavior on court when he played was refreshing to hear and it was sprinkled throughout the book enough times you had to feel it was sincere.Great reading . Nice to get to know you Mr. McEnroe !
 Interesting autobiography . Easy to read . McEnroe not only talks about his famous tennis matches , but he also gives the reader a look at how he was feeling about certain things + a look at his personal life.I read Pete Sampras ' biography too and found this one much better . Not `` wooden '' . Very honest .
 Johnny Mac 's biography is a rare glimpse into the psyche of a star athlete . I think most people miss the point when reviewing this book . Of course the writing is n't exactly Shakespeare and he glosses over some parts of his career while exagerating others . What else would you expect from an athlete 's perspective ... or anyone doing an autobiography for that matter.What is most revealing in this book is what he does n't overtly say and what he implies in his descriptions of his life . For example , it was very telling how while growing up and throughout his career he always had some excuse for losing . It was never that the opponent was actually better than him . I think this really captures the essence of all great athletes . They simply can not allow any self doubt to creep into their game or it destroys them . Certainly Mcenroe vented his frustrations more inappropriately than most , but understanding his mindset at the time , it is n't really surprising how he behaved when someone actually challenged his own self perception as unbeatable . What is surprising is that more celebritiy athletes do n't behave the same way.In addition , there are numerous passages where his opinion of such contemporaries as Connors , Lendl , Becker and others has to be read between the lines . His thinly veiled dislike of Connors coupled with an almost jealosy of his reputation and achievements has to be gleaned from the unwritten words . Similarly , his treatment of his first marriage leaves a lot to be filled in and much of what he says should probably be taken with a grain of salt . Certainly an objective observer might have described the situation differently.But none of this really detracts from the book . It is an honest portrayal of the modern day creation of the `` celebrity athlete '' . I really do believe him when he blames the USTA and others around him for partly making him what he was by never curbing his outbursts with any serious sanctions or defaults . Similarly , does anyone really think the NHL could n't stop fighting in hocky games if it wanted to . It brings in the fans and so did Johnny Mac .
 When I was 9 years old , I stumbled onto a tennis match on TV . It was the most exciting thing I had ever seen , due primarily to the theatrics of the match . Of course I did n't know just how significant that 4th set tie breaker of the famous Wimbledon match between John McEnroe and Bjorn Borg was . However , from that day on , John McEnroe became my hero for many reasons including but not limited to the fact that he was a great left handed performer . Being an attention monging left handed 9 year old , I decided to imitate this American `` hero '' on TV . I started hitting against the wall with an old wooden tennis racquet . Ya , I liked tennis , but I LOVED John McEnroe . My emotions would be complete joy with his victories and crushing sadness with any loss . I longed to watch the way he hit the ball so I could copy it the same day at the park . To make a long story short , I went on to be a tennis pro myself thanks to John McEnroe . Now about the book
 I ordered this book prior to my week stay at the hospital for some surgery knowing a good book would be uplifting during my recovery . It is easy reading and the material was interesting . It gives insight on the world of tennis and the hardships of being number one . The reader was kind while revealing little of his family life . Having four children of my own , I would have enjoyed to read some of his own experiences with children and the affect of the tennis life on them . We do get a reasonable glimpse of the authors relationship to other tennis stars . All in all , I recommend this book for readers wishing to understand the complicated personality of one of tennis ' most captivating stars .
 As a sport psychologist and author of the book Smart Tennis who works with professional tennis players , I enjoyed the insights into the life of one of the most successful tennnis players in history . It amazed me how fortunate John was to continually find himself in the right place at the right time . How he was was coached by the player who beat his boyhood idol Rod Laver -LRB- Tony Palafox -RRB- , and was later coached by Laver 's coach Harry Hopman . How his creative genious made him the best -LRB- I once did a survey in my column and readers rated McEnroe the most creative player in tennis history -RRB- . It was also ironic that just when he was on top of the tennis world , he admitted that he was not at all happy - and that he could not appreciate his success . Tales from the Tatum O'Neil relationship were illuminating . The public often does n't appreciate the fact that these so called `` stars '' are people just like you and I - with the same problems - and often more problems - and that money and fame are not the keys to happiness . I personally remember meeting John and Tatum as a tennis coach on Maui in the late 1980s . They were on their delayed honeymoon in January . I was visiting the Haleakula volcano at the top of Maui in January of 1987 when I saw John and Tatum standing there alone near a rented Ford convertible . I approached John and said - `` Hi ... you look a lot like John McEnroe '' and he said `` yeah ... a lot of people tell me that '' ... and Tatum smiled . It was the standard scene of the famous tennis star approached by one of the multitudes -LRB- far from being ranked in the top 10 , I was just coaching tennis at Maui 's Royal Lahaina Resort at the time -RRB- . This book indicates that John has grown a lot in many ways since his pro career . I was pleased that he was open about seeking counseling for his anger . Sport psychology counseling works for standard problems - and also to improve performance by enhancing mental skills such as focus and confidence . I currently enjoy his television commentary . `` You Can not be Serious '' is a deep and serious book and appears to reveal John 's innermost thoughts and feelings . A creative New Yorker who changed the sport of tennis forever .
 Candid , insightful.You do n't know McEnroe until you 've read his bio . A complicated , passionate man . A celebrity , but also a human being . I did n't think it possible , but now I like him even more after reading the book!His life off the tennis court is equally intense . Find out what happened behind the scenes between his matches , and what happened in his mind during the matches .
 John McEnroe is an icon of American tennis . There hasnot been a player before or after John McEnroe that hadas much passion as he did on the court . I enjoyed the bookbecause he is very true to himself . Some people may thinkhe has an excuse for every match he lost but that 's justhis personality . Sure , he may be an egotist but who cares?He was the best thing that every happened to American tennis , whyshould n't he have an ego ? I particularly enjoyed his thoughts on his downward spiral in tennis . It was very candid and he really made you understand how lonely he felt at the top.I like to live by his philosophy
 ... incredible and genuinely evocative ; a wonderfully creative and indeed thought provoking rarity . Imagine an author with several very urgent , refreshing , candid and most definitely intelligent scenarios to share with insight and wit . John McEnroe definitely does possess a wide and rich assortment of tangible literary gifts and engrossing `` story-telling '' skills . Bravo !
 Without a net.This is a story of a young lady who makes a few bad decisions in life but possesses the ware with all to get though these bad decisions , accept responsibility , deal with the consequences and overcome all of this.It starts with a marriage of convenience . She marries her boyfriend not really for love but for tuition assistance Unfortunately few months later she quits school . She continues to stay married . Her husband is gone a lot of the time so she fills the void with children who intern provide her with love and give her a cense of being needed . She settles into middle class society but discovers that it 's not all it 's cracked up to be.Over several years she hangs on to the idea that she can make things work with her husband . They only problem is that he is not committed to her or the children . Finding herself married to a self centered man who through lack of awareness endangers the children lives . With essentially a loveless relationship with her absentee husband who when he is home is not really there , and three kids , she decides that life could be better for her children and herself.The best decision she makes is to leave the relationship , take the kids and make a new life for her self and children . At this point she really shines though her ability to overcome adversity and rises above all of the self inflicted handicaps and not only survives but conquers.As bad of a birth Father as these children had in my opinion Michele more then made up for it . Her children are everything to her . She lived in a car with her children to get them away from a father who was not capable of handling the responsibility of being a Father . She did not eat so that her children would have enough to eat . Every thing was planed around her children 's needs . She possesses the ability to look at things that most people do n't give a second thought to use it to help her.In the end for me this is story of love , inner strength , sacrifice and the ability to handle adverse situations through confidence , perseverance and the innate ability to survive with three children under some tough circumstances with very little assistance . The only bad decisions are the ones you do n't learn anything from . Michelle learned a great deal about herself as a person , human being and a mother through these decisions so in the end perhaps they were n't so bad after all.While I am a computer technician , I work in the Human assistance field . I have heard a lot of stories that start like hers but unfortunately for one reason or another they fail . This was a wonderful feeling for me to read a story of success in this situation.This is both an emotionally interesting and enthralling read . When I read the book I kept loosing track of time and had a hard time putting it down .
 This is just an incredibly great story that is well written , moving and at times humorous . Because of my busy schedule , I very seldom have time to pick up a book . This is one I could not put down . . finished the first 100 pages in less than a couple of hours.This book also change the way I view the world and how much more grateful I am of having the things around me that I have been taking for granted . I now hug my kids more and take lifes little `` bumps '' with a grain of salt . I have so much to be thankful for now thanks to the book . Michelle Kennedy is a very courageous and much admired author . I respect her for making all the choices that kept her going . . never giving up no matter what . The book really moved me to tears especially at the end -LRB- happy tears . -RRB- I highly recommend reading Without A Net .
 This is a well written and fascinating story . The author does not claim an absence of responsibility for the position she 's in - and she makes some odd decisions along the way . However-that 's what I loved about it-as an ode to parenthood ; she is devoted to her children & manages to get all of them through this ordeal without being a perfect human being . That is truly inspiring .
 This book was far more riveting than I expected , and I was compelled to finish it in about a day and a half . Michelle Kennedy 's story was fascinating . Sometimes I was frustrated with her , particularly when she would n't tell her parents about her situation . I could understand why she would n't want to feel like a failure , but when you have kids , you have to set aside your pride . I gave it only four stars because this was her memoir of a time in her life when she was facing tough times , and not much of an analysis on middle-class people falling into poverty . She seemed largely unaware that there were other people in even worse situations than she was , and more focused on letting the reader know that she came from a relatively privileged background . Most people who are truly homeless do not have the option of choosing not to ask their families for help . Even the title `` without a net '' is a bit disingenuous , because she did have a safety net , she just did n't want to take it.It might sound like I 'm being pretty harsh on the book , but it definitely earned a solid four-star review from me for what it was . It was a very compelling memoir and I was really rooting for her by the end . She was able to get me emotionally invested in the story . I just wish it was n't being marketed as a commentary on poverty and homelessness , since that 's really not what it is .
 I 've been wanting to read this book for a while and I ca n't believe I waited this long . I read it in one afternoon -- quite a feat with three children butting in for sippy cups and more Playdough . Kennedy is a born storyteller . She writes simply and mater-of-factly and tells her story as if she were sitting in front of you sharing a cup of coffee while her children played at her feet . To be honest , I did not know if I would be able to finish this book because I felt so overwhelmed by the thought of this woman , or me , living in a car with small children . Her courage inspired me to be a witness to what she experienced . What a refreshing change from the self-indulgent , verbose memoirs that seem to be everywhere .
 I read this book in the course of 3 days -- it was hard to put down ! Michelle is a great writer and she draws the reader into her story where you feel as if you are there right along with her . Although she clearly made some poor choices , there were many instances where the ` system ' absolutely failed her in her attempt to make a better life for her and her children . Above all , it is a story of a mother who deeply loves her children and does all she can to make a better life for them . It will get you thinking about all the little things we take for granted -LRB- ie. , daily showers , refrigerator , heat and air conditioning , beds , etc. -RRB- . Really a great read .
 What a beautiful , easy to read book . I could n't put it down ! Yes , how easy it is to lose one 's way in this society . When Michelle talked about being selfish I wanted to scream that I think -LRB- as a parent and as a parent educator -RRB- she is one of the most unselfish people I have ever read about . She gave of herself to her children in the most basic and giving of ways - especially as such a young woman herself . Her words are easy to digest and I feel like I know her . I want to congratulate her for not only writing such an inspirational story , but being the type of loving parent we should all strive to be - especially those of us who have been fortunate enough to have all the luxuries of life . I have always been grateful for what I have , but I hope Michelle 's teachings will stay with me for a long time .
 Michelle Kennedy was a promising young student at American University when she married her husband Tom . After she has dropped out of college to become a full time mother , Michelle 's husband decides that their family is too dependent on material things and announces that he has quit his job . He moves the two kids and Michelle -LRB- who is pregnant with their third child -RRB- to northern Maine , where they live in a rustic cabin with no running water or electricity . Michelle is determined to keep their family intact despite the increasingly irresponsible behavior of her husband , but after an accident that occurred which Tom was supposedly supervising the kids she decides that she and the children would be better off rejoining society.Michelle drives her children to the coast of Maine , where she plans to find a job and get an apartment . She finds work as a waitress , but her small hourly wage and tips are barely enough to feed her young family , let alone pay for child care and a security deposit on an apartment . Though she receives virtually no financial assistance from her husband , Michelle 's pride prevents her from asking for money from her parents , so she and her kids find themselves homeless and living out of the car.Once I started this book I could not put it down - I stayed up until 2 am hoping for a happy ending . Michelle 's story demonstrates how difficult it is for the working poor to survive , and how few bad decisions or a streak of bad luck could put almost anyone in the same position . This is a very moving story .
 This is an excellent story to remind us how close we all are to losing the things that we have in our lives now . A reminder just how delicate life can be . This story was wonderful in telling the truth of how precious family and friends are and how we should appreciate everything we have everyday.I enjoyed this book very very much because of the straight honesty and humor and guts it took to endure and to write this book for all to benefit from , thank you for this story .
 I have just finished Michelle Kennedy 's excellent memoir `` Without a Net '' and am planning on giving it to friends to read , especially the female ones . Bad decisions happen to everyone and Ms. Kennedy honestly writes about her bad decisions and how they led her and her 3 children to living out of their car . The United States , being a country that is wealthy , has just as many people who are hungry and `` living without a net '' and Ms. Kennedy writes a powerful story . For those of us with roofs over our heads and food on our tables , we should be extremely thankful .
 I read this book in 3 days ! Hard to put down even at night when reading in bed and tired ! Amazing what this woman did with 3 kids and how she got thru such a time . I do n't even know how she lived in that cabin with her ex-husb . Maybe that helped her live out of her car ?? Most would have tried to live with friends or family but she did n't want people to know and toughed it out . I 'm sure there are more people out there like her that we do n't know about . We only see the people who sleep on the park bench or beg for money at the over pass . She did what she had to to survive . How wonderful that her story has a happy ending .
 It takes guts to expose one 's weaknesses and awful experiences to the world -- knowing there 's always going to be someone who says , '' ... but she should have -LRB- finished college . . stayed with her husband ... moved to a shelter ... whatever -RRB- '' but for many women who have been where Michele Kennedy found herself , young and determined to provide a better home for her children , Without a Net is an affirming and healing account of stubborn resolve . Because we are human , we do make bad choices -LRB- all too often to please other people -RRB- but it takes extreme courage to start over again in another direction . I loved this book.A.S . FriedellAuthor , Bitter Persimmons
 I got this book after reading about it in a magazine and I had a hard time putting it down . The ending is obvious , since she wrote the book , but I had to find out how the author got into this position and how she got out.Michelle Kennedy puts you in her shoes with her descriptions which are detailed , but not too lengthy . Her emotions run the full spectrum and you go through it with her.I 've passed this book along to friends who , like me , complain about trivial things and take for granted the basic comforts we have .
 I did n't love this book , but it was an enjoyable read . The impression given from this book is something I recommend everyone from teenagers to adults to grasp .
 In today 's world with the recession and so many people unemployed or underemployed this book is what people have to deal with day in and day out . I have even had to go to food banks for food or figure out how to make a little go a long way . I am not homeless but the reality in today 's world is that homeless could be trying to figure out how to make next month 's rent or food budget.Some people think that everyone is able to get on food stamps or help whenever they can or want and that these people 's income is below or in the poverty line . This is not always true . Both my husband and I make decent money but yet we have to take into account other things in order to make it week to week . This includes paying old bills and keeping up to date on others . We are unable to get food stamps or any help . We make too much money based on what the state and federal government states . I am not a victim , but people have to look at it on both sides of the coin . Just like Michelle attempt to help her family with making bread to sell and doing other things . Homeslessness is becoming more and more widespread especially with everything going on .
 By the time Michelle was 24 , she had three children and was living in her car . No home , no husband , and a minimum wage job to keep her family alive.You would have never known that just weeks before , Michelle was living comfortly in a townhouse with her husband who had a steady job and three kids , with enough food , a normal shower , and warm beds.One day Tom , her husband , went to work , and decided to just quit his job and live in his friend 's cabin , leaving his family behind , and a while later they are living with no electricity , and showering in pop - up showers . Michelle always wanted to have sled dogs , so she spend the little money they had on the dogs.Michelle was at work , waitressing , when she got a call from some random guy who said , `` I want you to know that your daughter is okay but , one of your dogs bit her head and she 's in the hospital . '' . When she got there Lydia , her daughter , was calm . She had surgery and had to get her long hair cut off.Michelle was angry with Tom for letting the kids go outside by themselves . a few days later Michelle left Tom and went to her parent 's house , she stayed there for about a week . When she got enough money she got an apartment in Stone Harbor , and later meets this guy , Hogan , they end up dating . In the end Michelle is living a normal life again . I recommend this book for people 12 and older . This is an amazing survival and courage story . If you like great realistic books this is for you . I really enjoyed this book .
 This memoir written by a lady who ended up living in her car with her three children has left me with quite a few impressions.The story itself is kind of amazing . I ended up feeling extremely sorry for the kids and very mad at Michelle for getting herself into this situation . I kept thinking that she managed to bring woman back to the dark ages quite easily . During the first part of the book , I kept thinking `` how hard is it not to keep having babies '' . Michelle really seemed like a total doormat and I felt for the kids.However , I must give her huge credit for never giving up and always remembering her most important responsibility was to her kids.As for the writing itself . It was entertaining and raw and extremely honest , which is what one hopes to get when reading a memoir.I am glad that Michelle wroter her story and I hope that all is good for her and the kids now .
 Although I read this book more than two years ago , it always comes to mind when I hear of a young , `` happily '' married stay at home woman with children . This book should be required reading for all young women , female teenagers , women who have depended on husbands who then up and leave ... I know some found this book to be more a fictional memoir type of book , but I say so what ! It is a cautionary tale , a very important one of what may happen if a woman does not have her own means of supporting herself . Kudos to Michelle ! An inspiration .
 There was a time , before iPods , Walkmans , TV , radio , record players , in which workers -LRB- usually women -RRB- that were assigned to long hours of menial labor would assign one amongst them to read a book to the rest . The Return of the Native , Thomas Hardy 's sixth novel , would be a terrific choice for such a reading group . Few in the 21st century have the leisure , or the inclination , to delve into a tale in which many pages might be given to the description of a natural scene , or to the intricate development of the personalities of the main characters of this book . But if there were a modern reader that either had , or made , time to read this book at the deliberate and careful pace that is required to experience its depth and richness , that reader would be richly rewarded . As was I.Thomas Hardy , better known for Tess of the D'Urbervilles , was one of the most influential of the English authors of the 1800 's . Both D.H. Lawrence and Virginia Woolf pay him homage and cite him as a source of their inspiration . His stories can be explored on two levels , both levels very accessible to the moderately experienced reader , neither level involving a journey into the deep complexities of books such as Pinchon 's Gravity 's Rainbow or James Joyce 's Ulysses.The first level of The Return of the Native
 I am not particularly well versed in English literature , but this CD is read by Alan Rickman and his voice is mesmerizing . Thomas Hardy 's characters and settings are wonderfully descriptive and colorful . I listen and relisten to the first chapters and do n't tire of them , because listening to it is so pleasurable ! I found the book in my collection , and sometimes I follow along with the CDs . I 'm going to enjoy this for a long , long time !
 Had the audio tapes from the library and listened so many times I wore it out . Thought the reader was wondeful and will buy it on CD to add to my collection .
 I am so glad this has been re-issued on CD . 15 hours of Alan Rickman 's voice . Excellent value for money . An ideal gift for any fan of this actor .
 `` The Return of the native '' is the first novel that I have read of Thomas Hardy 's . The novel begins with a detailed yet beautiful description of the Egdon Heath , which to a Hardy beginner would appear too descriptive to go on reading . However , once the characters are introduced and the plot of the story begins , it is an unstoppable read . I have read a Hardy 's poem titled `` The convergence of the Twain '' that reveals Hardy 's faith in `` Immanent Will '' that drives the events of this universe . This novel reinforces that faith of his . Though a reader can clearly see a solution to the problem that the characters are in , the characters themselves are helpless pawns in the hands of the Immanent will that drives the show . A not so unusual story , more or less predictable in the plot , gains its advantage from the beauty of Hardy 's language . I have not come across a better author who can so exactly transform what he visualizes/sees into words . The book is definitely a treasure to be kept and re-read .
 Return of the Native is a novel filled with romantic elements and rolling , beautiful language , however long-winded Hardy is in describing the moors . The ending is far too sudden and unrealistic , however , because the entire novel comprises of romantic disappointment . To have such a suddenly optimistic ending ca n't help but make the novel lose some of its real depth .
 I had to read this book for AP English and it was so boring at first . But I enjoyed it when I read further . This book shows how it can change society .
 This book , with its rich descriptions of the heath and its characters , is a masterpiece of writing skill . However it does tend to drag on , which creates a drab , rather melancholy , tone . Hardy seems to explore the twists and turns of human passion , and creates a quite childish picture of love with the character of Eustacia , who ` decides ' to love Clym , but keeps her true attachment to Wildeve . Hardy could have resolved this well-written story rather nicely , but instead he paints a rather bleak picture of love and its effects on people . He must have been going though a rather trying period of his life while writing this book .
 Fantastic reading of the book . The first chapter is slow due to detailed writing of scenic attributes but once the plot unfolds it is riveting . It is easy to feel for the characters due to the unbelievable job that Alan Rickman does narrating the story , He has the proper voice inflections for each character to really project the appropriate emotions meant by the author . I have listened to book narrations before that have failed miserably at that important aspect and subsequently ruined the experience . Rickman is a master at it . Although it is fairly long , it did not detract at all as I listened to it on the way to work each day . I actually found myself wishing it were longer ! I would highly recommend `` reading '' this via the audio book .
 I laughed out loud as i read the first sentence
 Hardy 's talent soars in this novel , as he creates an atmosphere of love , death and life on Egdon Heath . Hardy 's characters come to life on the pages , and they carry incredible amounts of emotion , passion and romance in their words . My favorite character , Eustacia Vye is an romantic , evil , and twisted woman who is out to get only what she thinks she deserves . She 'll ruin everything in her path to get the man and the wealth that she wants . My least favorite character , Thomasin Yeobright , is a meek and `` perfect '' character who is so naive that she finds herself in irreversible situations . Other characters that intermingle in the story include Diggory Venn , Clym Yeobright , and my favorite male character , Damon Wileve . All five aforementioned people change and mold eachother into adults as they love , help , hurt and harm eachother . A trail of destined events leads to the explosive ending , and allows the novel to come to an incredible close , where no character is left untouched . Return of the Native is now one of my favorite books ! If you like romance , drama , and fantasy , then this book could be perfect for you . It starts off a little slow , but before too long , Hardy will have you enveloped in the lives of his characters , and you wo n't be able to put it down !
 Loved this audio book , Mr. Rickman kept my attention from begining to the end of the book . I could n't stop listening to it even if I wanted to . * Grins *
 One of Alan Rickman 's strong points is his fabulous voice and his reading of `` Return of the Native '' highlights this amazing talent . Not only is the book a classic I read many , many years ago while in college ... but it 's one of the better `` got ta read '' stories . It 's even better with Alan Rickman working his talent to a frenzy making the characters come to life . Each character has a separate and distinctive voice . This book is well worth the price .
 Eustacia Vye is a witchy woman - she has an aura about her that is all consuming for some . This was a dramatic novel , one I saved for years to read on cold , solitary nights with the wind blowing outside . It is a bleak tale of intermingled love stories . Eustacia is n't easy to love but she is far more determined and interesting than other characters in the classic lit canon . Clym is compelling in a different way . This is a novel , for me , of the human capacity to misunderstand and blame rather than try to communicate the heart 's true desires . Very , very moving .
 I had a GREAT English teacher in the 11th grade -LRB- he was the chairman of the department -RRB- , and he kept us busy reading over a dozen works of great literature -LRB- mostly American literature , but some others -RRB- . We read , among others , Fitzgerald , Hemingway , Hawthorne , Sherwood Anderson , Shakespeare , and Hardy 's `` Return of the Native . '' I 'm a gosh awful procrastinator , and waited until the weekend before the exam to begin this book . No sweat ! I was so immersed in this story , I finished it with enough time to watch some tv on Sunday night!Why did I share all the above with you ? So that I could make the following point
 As a lover of descriptive , old English this book is a delight . Hardy writes such beautiful prose in describing the wilds of Egdon Heath and its occupants . I have loved Hardy 's writing since first reading , ` Far From the Madding Crowd ' , as he rung my heart for Shepard Oak . How much more would I have enjoyed it if it was read , I can not tell but ` Return of the Native ' is so much the richer for being read and heard . It 's the difference between enjoying the story and being in the story ; walking with the characters across the heath , willing them to take a different path or hoping they tread their way to a beloved or to avoid another . I laughed out loud at poor Christian and cried and the fates of some . Alan Rickman , -LRB- I am very biased on anything to do with him and his voice -RRB- does a fantastic job in developing these characters into distinct personalities with their own sound and feeling , a truly skilled actor .
 `` The Return Of The Native '' starts out slowly , but progresses nicely . What really brings this story to life is the narration on audio CD by acclaimed actor Alan Rickman . His talents are well used in this instance , and the old adage that , `` If velvet could speak , it would sound like Alan Rickman '' is proven to be true . It almost feels like you are listening to a play being acted out , as each character is given his own `` voice '' , be it a man or a woman , and the different accents and dialects add to this feeling . The reading is given much feeling and emotion . Mr. Rickman even gets the chance to sing a little , in both English and French , what a treat to the Alan Rickman fan ! I ca n't tell you what a treat is has been to settle in after a long hard day , slipping on the headphones , and laying down before sleep in the darkness with Alan Rickman speaking softly and close in my ears ... . Ahhh ... such SWEET dreams !
 Reading Schopenhauer alongside Hardy 's `` Return of the Native '' , one can not help but notice the philosphical similarities . The unhapiest people in Hardy 's novel are those who rebel against their natural -LRB- and social -RRB- environments , while those who take each day at a time and want for nothing are vindicated at the end . Schopenhauer 's pessisimism - and Eastern influences - shine strongly through Hardy 's deeply moving parable of nature 's revenge against those who would rise up against it .
 Although the 19th Century prose requires a bit more effort from the reader than most 20th Century novels , the brilliant characterizations of people like Clym Yeobright and Eustacia Vye plus the lovingly detailed descriptions of the unique -LRB- and fictional -RRB- location , Egdon Heath , make this work a pleasure to read for anyone who is willing to work at it a bit . Hardy describes his characters so solidly that , although they cause one another 's misfortunes for the most part , we can understand and , to at least some degree , sympathize with all of them . Their flaws and mistakes seem real and understandable - not forced by the needs of the plot.This is not a `` message novel . '' As far as I can tell , Hardy has nothing to say about social or moral problems of 1830s England in this book . But the place he takes you is unforgettable and the people you meet there make it worth the trip .
 I absolutely devoured this novel ! I love depressing books , so this one was definitely for me . Eustacia reminded me of myself sometimes . I loved this novel so much that I even bought the made-for-tv movie ! I cried . And if you really liked this book , then you should try Madame Bovary by Gustave Flaubert . Eustacia reminded me so much of Emma Bovary !
 When a long time Native of the heath comes back to ` visit ' -LRB- Clym -RRB- he changes the lives of people that he does n't realize he 's had an affect on . Eustacia for instance is a character who reminds me of many teenage girls my age . Most of the time they do n't know what they want and when they finally get it they do n't want it anymore . To Eustacia life always has to be a challenge . Eustacia thinks that Clym is the only person who is ` worthy ' enough for her but she is soon comes to reality when she finds that out that she wo n't be leaving the heath . Thomasin and Eustacia do n't associate much in this book but Eustacia ends up giving her away to her ex-boyfriend Damon Wildeve ! What 's up with that ? All I have to say is read this book . Eustacia 's attitude and indifferent behavior makes it all worth while !
 What struck me on reading this book was his modern understanding of the motivations that determine the relations between men and women . Of course , the setting is crucial in any Hardy novel . Mankind 's trivial concerns in this unchanging and unforgiving landscape . What is interesting is the dialogue between Wildeve -LRB- great name for a lover of nightlife -RRB- and Eustacia . The weakness and inconstancy in his character rather than evil and the troubled beauty and vanity of Eustacia 's combined for predictable longing , rejection , and ultimately tragedy . He 's the only game in town for this bored beauty , and when Clym pops up with his Parisian past , Wildeve was history for the moment . When Eustacia no longer showed interest , he was dying for her . Loved the reddleman who was always Johhny on the spot . The whole gambling sequence and the interplay with Wildeve and the hapless fool that lost Mom 's money and then Reddleman 's great comeback was wonderful . Hardy claimed that Clym was the center of the novel , but obviously the dullest thing in it . Only the Reddleman shines and in the end comes clean .
 The Return of a Native , a fabolously written novel by the late Thomas Hardy , is a tale of forbidden love between Eustacia and Wildeve . Although the rather long descriptions of the heath tended to drag , the story in itself is tragic . In the beginning Eustacia and Wildeve were secretly seeing each other , until Wildeve marries Thomasin . Eustacia , desperately seeking a better life , marries Clym . This is the true beginning of the story . Hardy was ahead of his time writing this novel with the traditional twists of a modern soap opera . A tale of forbidden love , constant longing for better things , and mere gossip makes this story quite a read !!!!
 I read Thomas Hardy , because he is a wonderful writer . However , his characters , while completely accurate to the nuanced coquettish interaction of the period , do not allign with the logic of a more modern sensibility . As a result , the book seems slow and dated - unless you 're into high school love triangles.I ca n't give it less than 4 stars because in reality , the book is excellently crafted with elegant language , fully developed characters , beautiful interweaving tales , and all the bells and whistles that make this a literary great . It 's just that the story does not jibe with today 's sensibilities . I mean , really , why ca n't you just tell the guy you like him and marry him , instead of letting your mother get involved , making him think you 're going to marry someone else , so that he goes and gets hitched to your best friend .
 The Return of the Native is not as famous as Tess of the D'Urbervilles or Jude the Obscure but is , in this long-time Hardy fan 's view , superior - second only to The Mayor of Casterbridge for the vaunted status of Thomas Hardy 's best novel . It lacks the better-known works ' great sociopolitical relevance but more than atones with superb characterization , a deftly executed story , unparalleled setting description , dramatization of contemporary and universal issues , and spellbinding tragic vision . It is essential not only for fans but for anyone even remotely alive to artistic greatness.The novel has a unique fusion of three seemingly disparate elements
 This book has been taught in lit classes for years excellent but sad book.Michael B Vye
 This is perhaps the most atmospheric novel in the English language , but it is about so much more than dark nights and windswept meadows . Any one who does not see the heath as a symbol for those unchanging features of human life and society should spend a little less time watching `` Friends '' and the WCW and become acquainted with that wonderful old artistic medium THE BOOK ... or may be all of you restless 15 year olds should just pay a little more attention in English class . Return of the Native is a book about pain , disappointment , loss , and relations between the classes ... about societal conventions and the frustrated longings they produce . The story would work just as well in a modern and/or American setting . Diggory could be a taxi driver , Eustacia a prostitute , and Clem an attorney ... it would be splendid .
 I must confess to having put down more Hardy books after the first 50 pages than anyone can count . Heaven knows I 've tried , especially after watching the several film renditions of Hardy novels featuring the very wonderful Alan Bates , who I love . The dialect , the man-nature thing , the colorful characters , the poor woman who ca n't cope , all of it gets on my nerves after a very short while . In case you 're wondering , I do love other 19th century British writers -LRB- especially Anthony Trollope -RRB- , but Hardy is hardy . The plot of TROTN tells the story of Eustacia Vye , but all I could think of is a Monty Python version with John Cleese in a corset playing Eustacia 's sister Fallopia and Michael Palin painted red from head to toe as the Reddleman.Having said that , it took several months of listening to other Rickman fans to get me interested in these tapes . I succumbed after pondering Debbye 's glowing description.When you listen to Mr. Rickman you will find a master reader at his best . Every character has a consistent personality and voice , the women are good by his changing tempo and intonation , the descriptions are paced wonderfully in accordance to the mood of the chapter . As a volunteer reader for a non-profit organization that tapes textbooks , I especially enjoy a good reader . Mr. Rickman speaks , and all is perfect . Fifteen hours forty-five minutes of his reading is just the thing to nearly make me change my mind about Hardy . It certainly kept me listening to every word.Rickmaniacs and non-rickmaniacs alike will love the sensuous reading of the dance on the heath -LRB- tape # 8 -RRB- . Any rickmaniac will tell you that in his best moments Mr. Rickman sings , but in these tapes he actually does sing in character . He does especially well with a French song.This is an exceptionally fine reading by a wonderful actor .
 Mr Hardy 's writing has a density and quality and power which draws one in to the Wessex world with an uncanny and memorable effectiveness . His writing also has a truth about it because of his deep knowledge and love of the land in the South West of England and the working habits and practices of those who lived on and from it . This is a brilliant novel of love and human envy set on Egdon Heath with such memorable characters as The Reddleman who is somewhat like an avenging angel . Rivetting and powerful writing of the highest order , with a gripping plot and a satisfying resolution .
 I admit , I bought this so I could listen to Alan Rickman for hours on end . However , when listening to that first chapter , I was wondering if I was going to be able to endure the following cassettes ... To my suprise , after that dreadful , long-winded , over-descriptive first chapter , the story line really picked up and I actually quite enjoyed the entire story!Not being a literature-buff , this book becomes a fascinating history lesson as well , with words and situations appearing that I thought were only pertinent to the 20th century , not 19th . There were also , the obligatory words that we no longer use -LRB- but only a bare handful ... -RRB- . This -LRB- for me -RRB- all added an extra richness to the story that Hardy tells.Alan Rickman 's reading was delightful , with him displaying consistency throughout in portraying all the characters . Like other reviewers before me , to listen to Mr Rickman singing the fench song Tape 8 is worth a listen in itself!All in all , listening to this story unfold by cassette probably makes it more enjoyable than trying to read the book , where I am sure most would give up before finishing the first chapter ...
 I bought this audiobook because it 's narrated by Alan Rickman , my favorite actor . I knew nothing about the Thomas Hardy book before I bought this , but I 'm fully engaged in this story of complicated love and longing thanks to Mr. Rickman 's reading . His gorgeous voice and subtle performances -LRB- even when he voices female characters , he does n't go over the top in an effort to sound like a feminine caricature -RRB- enliven the tale .
 I enjoyed listening to this book very much , the lyrical descriptions of Hardy and the many faceted voice of Alan Rickman are a joy.The only tiny little comment I have was the terribly annoying american voice doing the introduction and the finish on the first and last Cd . This greatly annoyed me having listened to such a fine english voice . How could they do this , it seems incomprehensible to me.Other than that , the many -LRB- 13 -RRB- cd 's are of good quality and the book is a marvellous window into older times . I can only hope you enjoy it as much as i have .
 I just returned from five days on the shores of the Gulf of Mexico where I sat on the beach listening to the Return of the Native . I laughed , I sighed , I cried , I clapped my hands with joy . But mostly I just floated amongst the clouds while Rickman seduced me with his voice -LRB- s -RRB- . The best vacation I have had in a long time . Especially fell in love with Grandfa Candle 's songs . Mr. Rickman has a voice made in heaven .
 First , let me confess that I bought this because I am a fan of Alan Rickman 's wonderfully rich , mellifluous baritone and the idea of spending hours listening to him read one of the classics of English literature is was absolute heaven to me . And , I can honestly say , I was not disappointed ; the recording is absolutely brilliant.Using ever nuance and range of his distinctive Rickmans each character that poulates Egdon Heath his or her own distinctive voice and cosistantly applies it throughout from the beginning to the end of the story . When he reads the description of the wild and desolate heath , Rickman 's voice turns Hardy ' prose into sublime poetry .
 In a classical , and fairly comedic way , this story presents the turbulent truths about love , relationships , and traditional British sensibility . The characters are unique , and yet are the sort that you can easily relate to yourself and people you know.Adding to the wonderful writing , is the voice of Mr. Alan Rickman . His tone and delivery bring Hardy 's magestic words to life with a rich sense of history and earthiness that fits the tales and landscape of Egdon Heath perfectly .
 I recently finished `` Return of the Native , '' and am deeply saddened that the novel is no longer part of my life . Like all Hardy 's characters and settings , Egdon Heath and its quirky inhabitants became so familiar to me I felt as though I , too , had been to Bloom 's - End or Mistover and had admired the bewitching Eustacia Vye and devious Damon Wildeve.Hardy 's books are frequently those of people tossed about by the cruel whims of fate , and though the reader can clearly see a `` way out , '' the characters almost never can . Such is the case with wild Eustacia , deceptive but smitten Wildeve , calm and sweet Clym , and innocent Thomasin . As the reader plods across Egdon Heath and enters their lives , it is both frustrating and exciting to witness their missteps and the consequences they all pay , and to realize that there must indeed be casualties by the novel 's end . But what a wonderful trip it is , regardless of its sometimes depressing nature.Hardy was a master ; I regret that I have only two more of his novels to read before there are no more !
 In Thomas Hardy 's novel , `` The Return of the Native , '' he portrays many different qualities of life . Throughout the book , the characters and the places , lessons can be learned . From love to hate , jealousy to confidence , nurturing to hurt , it confronts all .
 I think all of Hardy 's descriptive settings and characters made this a great novel . I read the TESS OF THE DURBERVILLES and loved it , now I have another of his books to admire .
 Once you get past the first chapter , you wo n't be able to put it down . A total romance novel with the classic theme of what you dream is not always reality .
 This novel is a true work of art . Hardy not only constructed an ingenius and unique storyline , but in it he 's made the reader feel the surroundings and become one with the characters . Each of the characters -LRB- Eustacia , Cly , Wildeve , Mrs.Yeobright , Venn -RRB- have both have a humane and selfless side , as well as a wicked and selfish side . He 's made the characters respond to their situations realistically , and in doing so has produced one of the most accurate portrayals of human nature and response . Overall , reading it was good experience .
 An epic story depicting nature and emotions , negative and positive , head on with talent and heart . A novel from the king of pessimistic authors , Thomas Hardy .
 I ca n't believe I listened to an entire Thomas Hardy novel - but I did and I loved it . I know I never would have made it through the book itself if it had n't been for Rickman 's wonderful reading . I was hooked after the first tape . I wonder why I have n't seen any other novels on tape read by Alan Rickman . I do think he should do more of this - I 'd listen to more books on tape . Maybe even another Thomas Hardy novel !
 Thomas Hardy has written a beautiful and tragic novel in RETURN . Fantastic story and ending once you get past the lengthy description of Egdon Heath . Breathtakingly powerful novel . A must read .
 Okay , okay , I know what you 're thinking . `` 19th century British Literature ? If I wanted to punish myself I 'd go rearrange my sock drawer . '' But this is n't just another of those `` classics '' you read in high-school English class -- `` The Return of the Native '' truly deserves the designation `` literature '' without the negative connotations . It 's a love story , without the mushiness of a romance novel . Eustacia Vye , a young Englishwoman living in the countryside , dreams of leaving her village and going to Paris . She is dazzled by Clym , returning home from a `` glamorous '' life in the city , and hopes he will return there with her . Though enamoured of her in return , Clym has different ideas for the future . Complicating things , his mother 's death drives a wedge between the couple . Feeling as though she has lost everything -- her love and her dreams -- Eustacia faces tragic circumstances in the book 's dramatic end . `` The Return of the Native '' is a story as enjoyable now as when it was first written -- and anything but dull . It could as easily been written yesterday as a hundred years ago . Even if you do n't usually like to read `` classics , '' this modern love story is one you will surely find fantastic .
 `` The Return of the native '' is the first novel that I have read of Thomas Hardy 's . The novel begins with a detailed yet beautiful description of the Egdon Heath , which to a Hardy beginner would appear too descriptive to go on reading . However , once the characters are introduced and the plot of the story begins , it is an unstoppable read . I have read a Hardy 's poem titled `` The convergence of the Twain '' that reveals Hardy 's faith in `` Immanent Will '' that drives the events of this universe . This novel reinforces that faith of his . Though a reader can clearly see a solution to the problem that the characters are in , the characters themselves are helpless pawns in the hands of the Immanent will that drives the show . A not so unusual story , more or less predictable in the plot , gains its advantage from the beauty of Hardy 's language . I have not come across a better author who can so exactly transform what he visualizes/sees into words . The book is definitely a treasure to be kept and re-read .
 Granted , the story-line is n't exactly one of those `` happily ever after '' tales , but as a general fan of Hardy , I find it interesting literature . Alan Rickman , -LRB- being absolutely one of my favorite actors under the sun , -RRB- reads very well , -LRB- hey , you 've got to love that accent , right ? -RRB- The discriptions of the Heath and the somehow forlorn characters are well thought-out , and give a nice affect . This is a nice addition to any audio collection ... just sit back for an hour or two to relax , and listen to a splendid reading with a dramatic but smooth effect .
 The CD audio book of the Return of the Native actually deserves to be described as amazing . The lyrical prose of Hardy , combines with the incomparable voice and performance of Alan Rickman , to make this a genuine treasure.Rickman , in his limited interviews , has repeatedly referred to himself as an instrument . In this product , the only part of that instrument he could utilize was his voice . It is more than enough
 This is the third time I 've listened to this audio book , something I have never done before . I must admit , it gets better ever time . The description of the characters is incredible - when have you read a whole chapter describing an individual ? Or the landscape ? Certainly way more verbose than modern style , but the observations stand the test of time , and paint pictures that linger . None of the characters is flawless , and the errors of omission in their acts toward each other results in no end of misery . But the view of life in another time , with all its physical differences and all its emotional similarities to ours is intrigueing . And Rickman is fabulous , capturing accents and personalities that reading myself in my cozy chair in Phoenix Arizona would never have known .
 The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy . Recommended.In Egdon Heath , Thomas Hardy creates an otherworld consisting of the elements earth , wind , fire , and water , populated by a witch condemned by a pious woman 's spell , a Christian ruled by pagan beliefs , an assortment of other odd characters , and the native of the title whose return precipitates a series of tragic events.The Return of the Native is centered around Eustacia Vye , a beautiful outsider wrenched from the society she craves by orphanhood and exiled to live on Egdon Heath with her maternal grandfather . Spoiled , vain , fickle , and selfish , Eustacia is not a sympathetic heroine . Although she claims to belong to Damon Wildeve -LRB- `` body and soul '' in one uncensored version -RRB- , she really belongs to whomever can grant her what she desires and , in her mind , deserves . While Wildeve is a step above the local rabble , Eustacia can never fully commit herself to him . Each time she considers it , she is held back by the thought that even he lacks something and that surely she can do better . `` He 's not great enough for me to give myself to-he does not suffice for my desire ! ... If he had been a Saul or a Bonaparte-ah ! But to break my marriage vow for him-it is too poor a luxury ! `` In another place , like the Paris Eustacia longs for , she would have become a mistress or a courtesan-the consort of a powerful man or men . On Egdon Heath , however , there are neither powerful men nor courtesans . There is only Damon , an equally fickle young man who hotly desires that which he can not have-sometimes Eustacia , sometimes the nave Thomasin Yeobright . To complicate matters , Thomasin 's cousin Clym returns from Paris , where he has a financially rewarding and spiritually stifling career . In Eustacia 's eyes -LRB- blinded to what she does n't want to see , just as Clym 's sight becomes literally blurred to that which he does want to see -RRB- , Clym appears to be the ideal replacement for Wildeve.In his introduction to the `` standard edition , '' John Paterson , talks about the censorship of The Return of the Native and its anti-Christianity elements . The novel , at least in this form , appears to be more anti-Christian than anti-Christianity . Eustacia , with her beauty ; aloof and lonely snobbishness ; hold over men such as Wildeve and Clym and boys such as `` the little slave '' Johnny Nunsuch and the adolescent Charley ; and habit of haunting Rainbarrow at all hours of the night , can easily appear to fit the role of the Egdon Heath witch . Yet it is the churchgoing Susan Nunsuch who falls prey to superstition , believing that Eustacia has afflicted her son with illness . She stabs Eustacia with a needle during one of the young lady 's rare church appearances . Ironically , in the end Susan is the witch , fashioning a likeness of Eustacia and practicing a homegrown form of obeah upon it.Susan 's male counterpart , the ironically named Christian , is no better . Simple-minded , nave , and condemned to perpetual bachelorhood , Christian is pious not for love of God but for fear of life . He is ruled by superstition , and it requires little effort for Wildeve to convince him he is lucky and that he should gamble -LRB- as it turns out , with money that is n't his , adding theft to his sins -RRB- . Like Egdon Heath itself -LRB- `` oozing lumps of fleshy fungi ... like the rotten liver and lungs of some colossal animal '' -RRB- , the remainder of its inhabitants-the ones from whom Eustacia wishes to escape-are unflinchingly , unchangingly pagan , with Christian 's own reprobate father , Granfer Cantle , setting the example . They avoid inconveniences like church ; they gleefully celebrate Guy Fawkes Day with fire and dance ; they gossip without undue concern for good or bad . These are the folks from whom Mrs. Yeobright and the stoic pagan Diggory Venn -LRB- the reddleman -RRB- wish to save Thomasin 's reputation-as though it matters to them.These are also the people among whom Eustacia is a queen . When she says , `` How I have tried and tried to be a splendid woman and how destiny has been against me ! '' the reader is hard pressed to find Eustacia 's efforts to better herself , other than trying to determine which man will best launch her into society . With his Paris connections , Clym is the obvious choice , yet it is Wildeve who turns out to have better prospects-and the will to take advantage of them.Queen among the heathens of the heath , Eustacia is blissfully unaware of the probability that , in the Parisian society she aspires to , she would be one among many and might find herself unable to compete with the elite courtesans , mistresses , and wives of Paris . `` I was capable of much , '' she claims . Hardy , however , never makes clear what this `` much '' might be exactly , as Eustacia 's intelligence , learning , and wit are incompletely and imperfectly portrayed , and one does not make a splash in society based on looks and pride alone . Eustacia has n't `` tried and tried '' ; and her youthful , ambitious impatience has led her to miss the clues that Clym is not going to `` try and try , '' either . Perhaps she , like Sue in Jude the Obscure , represents the dilemma of the intelligent woman in the 1800s , who can shape her own destiny only through attachment to the right man in a socially acceptable way . When that fails -LRB- Eustacia -RRB- , or if an alternative means is attempted -LRB- Sue -RRB- , tragedy is inevitable.While not Hardy 's best , The Return of the Native is a must read for his readers , incorporating a grim yet objective setting , memorable characters , and a tragic plot driven by human failings more so than the destiny at which Eustacia rails . Ignore the awkward , unconvincing happy ending , as Hardy 's censors forced him to tack it on.Diane L. Schirf , 31 October 2004 . Based on the standard edition , Harper & Row , 1966 .
 First , I must confess to being an avid Alan Rickman admirer . The man could read the local phone book and I 'd gladly pay to hear it . Thusly , when I found he had done an unabridged set of audio tapes of one of my favorite books -- `` The Return of the Native '' -- I was thrilled . `` The Return of the Native '' is a compelling and beautifully written story . I especially like the way Hardy makes Egdon Heath itself as much a character in the story as the human denizens of the area , breathing life into it through his wonderful word pictures and his special talent for creating moods . Hardy 's vivid descriptions and excellent character development make this an enchanting adventure.Add to this the velvet-smooth voice of Rickman , and you have a treat for the imagination and the ears.Rickman gives each of the characters his -LRB- or her -RRB- own separate voice , and manages to do so without forgetting how each should sound . How he kept it straight , I 'll never know -LRB- I , myself , record books on tape for an educational company and know how complicated that can be ! -RRB- ... what with the many inhabitants of Egdon Heath he had to work with ... but , he did . Rickman also actually sang the songs from the book -LRB- and not badly , either -RRB- , adding another dimension . `` The Return of the Native '' -LRB- unabridged -RRB- is a must for anyone who loves good literature on tape , and for anyone who is a fan of Alan Rickman . This is a stunning production and well worth the investment !
 As a keen fan of Thomas Hardy , I have found this reading wonderful . Alan Rickman 's rendition is beautifully paced and the characters were really brought to life by the variety of tone within his voice . Certainly , this is one of Hardy 's gloomier works -- but all the more fascinating for the picture given of characters in a truly remarkable landscape . I 've always regarded Egdon Heath as the true hero of this work anyway . At a time when I have needed distraction from my own circumstances , this marvellous version has proved invaluable and I look forward to acquiring others to enjoy .
 I do n't know how many times I 've given up on Hardy novels - I pick them up with the best of intentions , but his language is just too ponderous for my taste . His works are undeniably masterpieces , but one must work agonizingly hard to pry the story out of the book . However , under Mr. Rickman 's masterful interpretation , Egdon heath and its tragic inhabitants leapt from the book -LRB- or , as it were , the car speakers -RRB- and into my imagination , and I found myself eagerly anticipating my next road trip . I 'll leave it to the other reviewers to describe the book itself , and say only that Mr. Rickman 's rich voice makes Hardy 's words not only tolerable but a mesmerizing -LRB- no pun intended , Rickmaniacs -RRB- sensual feast . If you 're a Hardy fan or a Rickmaniac , this collection of tapes is not to be missed .
 This is one of the great ones . Give yourself time and space to enjoy sentences of poetic beauty , read by one of the greatest voices of our time . Other reviewers have covered the plot , which is engaging enough , but my chief enjoyment was in the style of writing . Hardy 's words paint landscapes of the soul as well as the countryside , and intertwine them within unforgetable characters of depth and spirit . The book is long , yet there is great economy of style . Hardy arranges his phrases with the care of a classical composer , and evokes richer feelings with more grace and fewer words than most of our glib and pithy authors today . I find myself wanting to buy a thesaurus for most modern authors to help them expand their vocabularies , and wishing that Alan Rickman would record another Thomas Hardy novel !
 Warning
 What could be better than to be saved from monotony of rush hour traffic than to hear Thomas Hardy 's Characters come alive with the meleflous voice of Alan Rickman . I was completly caught up with Eustacia Vye and her impossible quest for love and far away places . It was both a heartbreaking and lovely way to spend 12 hours on the road!Get this audio book as soon as possible ! You wo n't regret it !
 After listening to Return of the Native , I was simply amazed . The story was so good and I really enjoyed it . But what really took my breath away was the sensational reading of the very talented and very sexy , Alan Rickman . He just owned those characters . He gave each character a unique voice and personality . I just can not get over how good he was . Oh , and did I mention he sings in french !!!! After listening to that part , I was speechless . I feel like I had just melted it was so beautiful !! I recommend this to ANY Rickmaniac ! : -RRB-
 As I look over the reviews of the classic works of literature , I am appalled by how often I see the word boring being used . I guess it 's because great books do n't come with big screens , speakers and a joy stick . Welcome to the Millenium .
 Here we have a book which one best works up to , at least for those who wish to garner the most benefit and enjoyment from it . I 'm now 56 years old and I 'm glad that I did n't read this fine work when I was 26 - my reading since that early age and general life experience definitely benefited my appreciation of Hardy 's clever technique . This work represents a pinnacle of great English literature . If it were not for the clever writing , the great depth of the story , and the superb character development then this very intimate tale could simply be viewed as 1800s pulp fiction . This is sweet dessert following an entree of life-long reading pleasure.THE STORY
 If you are looking for a review of this story well , I 'm sorry but I ca n't help you there . I bought this product -LRB- twice . Once on Cassette and again when it FINALLY came out on CD -RRB- strictly because Alan Rickman narrates it . I have no idea what the story is about but I can tell you that Alan has a LOVELY , Delicious , SEXY voice and if you are an Alan fan you will get many long hours of enjoyment from this CD . He even sings ! For me it was well worth the money and one day perhaps I 'll be able to actually concentrate on the story and not merely Alan 's delectable voice !!!
 Thomas Hardy 's `` The Return of the Native '' was to me both exciting and yet surprising too . Hardy 's novel which was quite similar to an everyday soap opera contained all of the soap opera characteristics such as , love both forbidden and true , deceit , death , and happiness as well . The setting of the play which occurs in a years time , happens in a small town where everyone seems to know everyone elses problems except there own . This story was a perfect example of the story of `` Romeo and Juliet '' -LRB- written soap opera style -RRB- .
 Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy is one of the most exciting , dramatic , and sad novels I have read upto date . Thomas Hardy creates Eustacia to bring a heroine into the story , also to bring excitement and to create confusion for many characters . Clym is the native that returns to the heath . Clym meets Eustacia and there is an immediate attraction between the two . Hardy also creates the character Wildeve , to confuse Eustacia . The book displays great examples of conflicts , for example Mrs.Yeobright and Eustacia , Eustacia and Susan , and Eustacia against herself . The reoccurring theme that Hardy shows in the book seems to happen to be somehow related to Eustacia . I recommend that you read the book to experience the feelings that Eustacia went through .
 I 'm fully convinced that `` Return of the Native '' is technically Hardy 's best work . The other novel of his that I love is `` Jude the Obscure . '' His beautiful heroine , Eustacia , is an enthralling character , free-spirited , seductive , and sensuous , with several men in love -LRB- or lust -RRB- with her -- like Wildeve . Wildeve pretends to marry a girl named Thomasin , but it did n't happen . And he takes off on a tryst with Eustacia . However , even though they 're fond of each other , neither of them are willing to get really serious about each other . She eventually disses Wildeve and as revenge he threatens to marry Thomasin after all , which is what Eustacia wants anyway , since she 's become interested in a new guy in town , Clym . How does that end up ? I guess you 'll have to read the book : -RRB- David Rehakauthor of `` Love and Madness ''
 I listen to books on tape regularly . This was the best audiobook I have ever heard ! I love reading Thomas Hardy myself , but listening to Alan Rickman was much better . He has a mezmerizing voice and his accents add so much to the story . I did n't want it to be over . I highly recommend this audiobook .
 I bought this audio book as a gift for my mother-in-law . Before I gave it to her , I thought I 'd check it out first to make sure everything worked all right . When I started listening , I was hooked . You can guess the rest
 Alan Rickman makes this worth listening to ! He really captured EVERY character and held my attention every moment . Well done Mr. Rickman !
 Return Of The NativeThe Return of the NativeNow the book is on cd and it 's a must have . Now that the book is on cd there is no more issues with chewed tape . Mr. Rickman gives the book life and makes any long trip on the road go by fast and eases the mind . Great stuff wish he read more .
 Get the CD version just out . When I had to read this book in High School I found it excruciatingly BORING . But Alan Rickman did such a good job , now I think this story is BETTER than Wuthering Heights.From AudioFile '' The suffering that follows is mitigated somewhat by the ending , but more by the mastery of Alan Rickman 's reading . At the start , Rickman senses the voice for each character in Hardy 's fictional world , and he maintains each character 's personality throughout . He even manages to project Hardy 's subtle shadings of tone with the rhythm and tempo of his narration , throwing in a song here and there because , in spite of his gloom , there is a festive strain to Hardy , as well . If you have a hard time reading this classic English writer , this is how to do it . `` P.E.F. -LRB- c -RRB- AudioFile , Portland , Maine.Yes and he can even do the womens voices without doing falsetto ! Rickman won the Best Talking Book or Talkie thing for this and deservedly so.I enjoy talking books and often use them as I drive long distances and this is the best one I have heard so far . I hope Alan Rickman , or another English actor , reads some more Thomas Hardy books for us in future .
 Readers of Thomas Hardy 's novels call him the literary prophet of gloom and doom , and there is some justification for that tag . But while that may be so , it is an oversimplification that obscures , rather than clarifies , man 's relation to nature . In the first chapter of THE RETURN OF THE NATIVE , Hardy suggests a primal relation that harkens back to antiquity
 When I began reading the book , I could not see the point of long descriptions of everyone and everything but as I kept on reading , I understood its ' significance . The vivid description unconsciously painted the picture of the heath and the people living there . It took me some time to understand the character of Eustacia but her thoughts , passions and feelings seemed real and felt as if such a person actually existed . The edition of the book I read , after the tragic ending , had another chapter which Thomas Hardy added later , on the readers ' demand -LRB- because when this book was originally published , some people considered it too tragic -RRB- . But I think that howsoever tragic , the ending was a suitable one and left an impression for the reader to always remember the story . The later addition of another chapter was unnecessary and side tracked from the original essence of the story . Still , its a great work and worth reading .
 This is the second novel I read this year by Wilkie Collins . After first reading one of his most celebrated works , Woman In White , I ordered this one . Although , I did n't like it as much as Woman In White , I did feel it was a good solid , entertaining mystery . I 've become a big fan of Collins and look forward to reading more of his novels .
 I am sure , I will enjoy reading reaing it , however ; have n't had a chance to read it yet .
 Many fans and critics agree that Wilkie Collins ' writing talent declined after the gripping `` The Moonstone , '' and his works in the 1870s and 80s are sometimes dismissed as misfires of once-genius mystery writer . Though part of the low estimation is reasonable -LRB- and some of the works in this era testifies to this opinion -RRB- , many of them are still readable and interesting . And `` The Law and the Lady '' should be classified among those neglected pieces.Probably the first full-length novel featuring female detective , the novel follows the story of heroine Valeria , who marries Eustace happily in the opening of the book . However , she discovers behind the happy marriage a terrible secret , which involved an unsolved murder case in her newly-wed husband 's past , and soon she realizes that her husband is not exactly what she thought . To clear her tainted -LRB- and his -RRB- family name , Valeria single-handedly embarks on a job of amateur detective.To fully relish the story , you have to remember several things
 Valeria meets Eustace , a man who seems to have few friends and lots of secrets . They fall passionately in love and are soon married . On their honeymoon Valeria finds out that Eustace married her under an assumed name ... and that he was never acquitted of the murder of his first wife . Eustace immediately leaves her to protect her from his shame and disgrace.Her happiness crumbles , but she steadfastly believes in his innocence . She makes it her life 's goal to prove he did NOT murder his wife , to clear his name . But if he did n't murder his wife , then who did ? Women were not supposed to investigate these matters in those days , so she faces lots of opposition , even from her friends.Valeria is a wonderful , strong female lead and the reader ca n't help but cheer her on in her battles . Along her journey she meets some eccentric characters that brighten the novel , such as Major Fitz-David - a ` major ' flirt , and the brilliant , eccentric disabled man named Dexter.I loved this book . After Part One I could NOT put it down ... I needed to find out how it ended.It 's hard to say anything bad about this book . The only negative to me was reading the views of society at the time . Women and disabled people were not treated with the respect they deserved , and it bothers me to read that . However , Valeria fights against those stereotypes and I greatly enjoyed her small victories.This book has a little of everything ... mystery , suspense , insanity , secret diaries , romance , etc. . If you enjoy books like Jane Eyre and The Woman in White , you 'll probably love this book too .
 Wilkie Collins is most famous for his classic mysteries , `` The Moonstone '' and `` The Woman in White . '' Both were influences to 20th century mystery masters like Dorothy Sayers . In `` The Law and the Lady '' first published in 1875 , Collins focuses on the plight of Valeria Woodville who unwittingly marries a man previously tried for poisoning his first wife . Evidence and testimony could not convince the jury of his guilt or innocence , and an unusual Scotch verdict of `` Not Proven '' is handed down . He assumes a new name and conceals his tainted past when he marries Valeria . She , however , proves to be a very perceptive and resourceful woman who discovers the truth on her own . Unshaken in her love , she vows to clear her husband 's name and reputation in order to secure their future happiness . *** In his signature works , Collins often frustrates the reader 's patience with his lengthy narrative style . But `` The Law and the Lady '' moves along surprisingly well . Despite some ridiculous and dated perceptions about the sexes -LRB- Collins frequently has characters and Valeria herself remark that she 's `` only a woman '' -RRB- , Valeria 's actions prove she 's admirably keen and the one to get things rolling . *** Collins should also get points for introducing the outrageously campy , scene-stealing characters of the lunatic genius Misserimus Dexter and his devoted , but moronic cousin Ariel . Missing both his legs , Dexter scoots around either like the `` new centaur '' -LRB- half-man , half wheel chair -RRB- or on his hands like a `` frog '' . It 's this added element of circus freakshow that effectively ruffles the otherwise creaky Victorian setting .
 One of Wilkie Collins ' lesser known works , THE LAW AND THE LADY is nonetheless a gripping read ! Valeria 's quest to acquit her husband of the murder of his ex-wife is top-notch Collins . Like token Collins ' detective novels , the reader is taken deeper and deeper into the psychology of his characters . Meserimus Dexter is one of Collins ' most frightening characters . His mental degeneration within the novel 's gripping pages will leave you breathless . Valeria 's involvement with the unstable Dexter is some of the most suspenseful reading you are likely to find in modern literature . Highly recommended to any Collins ' enthusiast , or anyone looking for a great read .
 No , it 's not `` The Woman in White '' or even `` The Moonstone '' , but it 's still an excellent story ! Collins has created another wonderful strong heroine , and this heroine is out to solve a mystery . Valeria Woodville 's husband was tried for murder , and she is determined to prove his innocence , once and for all . During her investigation , she meets Miserrimus Dexter , who is perhaps the most fascinating character Collins has ever created . He certainly makes Count Fosco of `` The Woman in White '' look like a pussycat ! He 's the most enigmatic character -- just when you think you have him figured out , you realize you do n't know anything about him ! Ariel is another fascinating character study . She is worthy of pity , but pitying her is like pitying a pit bull ; she turns violent at the drop of a hairbrush . Valeria herself is an interesting subject ; she defies everyone , determined to prove her husband 's innocence , but towards the end of the novel , she begins to behave a bit erratically . I wo n't say any more ; you 'll have to read the book to see what I mean . This is a great novel to curl up with on a rainy night , or maybe on a lazy summer Sunday afternoon -- sometime when you wo n't be likely to be interrupted , as you wo n't want to put it down until Valeria Woodville solves the mystery !
 Great mystery . It holds your interest from the beginning until the end ! Wilkie Collins novels are all great !
 As a general rule I rarely enjoy the novels assigned in classical literature classes but I can usually appreciate the work for its merits . I was pleasantly surprised by The Law and the Lady because it is very readable , the first hurdle in making an assigned piece of literature more than just required text.Though it is tame by today 's standards , Collins presents the relatively new concept of the `` amateur detective '' and even goes so far as to make his protagonist a woman , very unusual -LRB- and almost scandalous -RRB- by Victorian standards . To make the novel acceptable in the time it was published , Collins is very careful to temper his progressive ideas with plenty of references to Valeria Macallan 's feminine weaknesses and multiple uses of the phrase `` only a woman '' but he constructed a foundation that scores of female writers and characters have built upon . Keep your eye out for parallels to the classic `` Oedipus Rex '' story and how Collins treats the gender role-reversal of Valeria and Eustace.All in all , not an unpleasant book to read if required to do so . Experienced readers will recognize that , despite its faults , The Law and the Lady was very provocative when written and really jump-started the genre of female P.I.s that is so common and popular today . Valeria could be considered the great-grandmother of Kinsey Millhone or V.I. Warshawski .
 When I was a kid , I was obsessed with Nancy Drew . Not because of the characters or the plots -LRB- which even at 9 years old I knew were hackneyed -RRB- , but because of the stuff -- secret passageways , crumbling old maps , Spanish lace shawls , whispering statues , jewel-encrusted automaton birds , antique lockets with hidden inscriptions ... This book is the direct ancestor of that genre , although it was ostensibly written for grown-ups , not for kids . Collins seemed to have dreamed up the melodramatic plot and plucky female detective as an excuse to create fantastical settings filled with wondrous objects . It 's a Gothic cabinet of curiosities , and utterly delectable.Here 's a little sample , taken from a passage in which our heroine is searching an old gentleman 's library for clues : `` On the upper shelf there appeared , in solitary grandeur , one object only -- a gorgeously-bound book ... . The binding was of blue velvet , with clasps of silver worked in beautiful arabesque patterns , and with a lock of the same precious metal to protect the book from prying eyes ... `` Being a woman , ... I opened the book , without a moment 's hesitation . The leaves were of the finest vellum , with tastefully designed illuminations all round them . And what did these highly ornamented pages contain ? To my unutterable amazement and disgust , they contained locks of hair , let neatly into the centre of each page -- with inscriptions beneath , which proved them to be love-tokens from various ladies , who had touched the Major 's susceptible heart at different periods of his life ... `` Ah , bliss . And truly , this is not even the best of it . There are pages and pages of descriptions of the most outlandish objects , whose presence is the books seems designed merely to delight and entertain.A bit of a warning
 The Law and The Lady , while not nearly as sensational or well-known as The Moonstone or The Woman in White , is widely accepted as the first story to feature a female detective . Valeria is not an official police detective-she is a woman who is determined to prove her husband 's innocence of a murder charge . There is no great danger here , no wildly violent criminals or intriguing settings , and a superficial reader might find the book rather boring , especially after reading some of Collin 's other efforts . However , the story not only boasts Valeria , a woman fully as determined as the first man to climb Mount Everest -LRB- and facing obstacles , in their way , almost as difficult as that gentleman surmounted -RRB- but Miserrimus Dexter , a brilliant but unstable fellow with the misfortune of being born without legs . The battle of wits between these two revolutionary characters is a fascinating look into the Victorian mind , where societal norms compete for a search for justice . Collins had an abiding interest in the marriage , divorce and property laws of England and of Scotland and the issues raised by these laws form plot points in several of his novels . The Law and The Lady in particular revolves around the unique Scottish verdict of Not Proven , Scotland allowing three verdicts in a criminal trial-Guilty , Not Guilty , and Not Proven -LRB- which some have interpreted to mean `` Not Guilty , but do n't do it again -RRB- and Collins uses the `` Scotch verdict '' to show how a person 's life can be tainted by such a verdict , where a person goes free but is under the stigma of not being adjudged innocent . The verdict of Not Proven is still available in Scotland today , and there is vigorous debate on the advisability of allowing a person to go free with a blemish on their record . The Law and The Lady is an in-depth look at how that verdict may affect a person and their family . Do n't miss it .
 The Moonstone is considered WC 's best mystery novel . However , lately I 've started reading Wilkie 's lesser known works . The Dead Secret was extraordinary , and once again a Collins novel has captured my heart.In The Law and the Lady , newlywed , Valeria Woodville discovers that her husband married her under an assumed name . Neither her husband or his friends or family will speak about the deception bestowed upon the unsuspecting bride . The only thing Valeria 's mother-in-law discloses is that she pities Valeria and will speak no more on the subject.Eustace Woodville , actually Eustace Macallen also will not reveal the reason for marrying Valeria under an assumed name . The topic is so painful to him that he abandons his bride rather than reveal the dark secret from his past . He leaves England and begs Valeria to forget him for her own good . Valeria does no such thing!The Law and the Lady is a detective novel , an excellent one , in fact . Valeria takes it upon herself to discover the secret that forced her husband to lie to the woman he so deeply loves and then abandon her rather than reveal the secret from his past.Slight spoiler coming up ... Valeria 's sleuthing reveal that Eustace Macallen was accused of murdering his first wife . A scottish court gave the verdict `` not proven '' He was not convicted of the crime , but the jury was unable to find him innocent . Eustace convinced himself that the scottish verdict would forever haunt his second wife , and she would always wonder if he actually did murder his wife.Valeria 's belief in her husband 's innocence never wavers . She is determined to prove her husband 's innocence , even when friends and family advise that not even the best lawyers money can buy could ever change the `` not proven '' verdict.The Law and the Lady is the perfect novel for those who enjoyed The Moonstone or just enjoy detective novels . If you like this novel , make sure you read The Dead Secret , another excellent WC mystery novel !
 One of the most popular books of the 19th-century England and a still a strong page-turner today , this has all of the twists and false leads of a Wilkie Collins novel without his pretensions.Watch out for my pet theory when reading it : Robert Audley 's relation to George Talboys -- ambiguously gay?Not that there 's anything wrong with that .
 Engaging book . Great expos&eacute; of nineteenth century English life . Words a a a a a a a a a a
 This is a glorious story to immerse oneself ! The author 's approach of writing about these characters in a straight-forward factual way , gives the reader a chance to piece together the first secret that Lady Audley is keeping and eagerly I read to see what would come from the train collision confrontation that was sure to occur . Yet when it does occur , the author takes us away from that action , leaving us to find out with Robert Audley - the lawyer turned detective - what exactly is going on with Lady Audley and how many crimes did she commit to keep her secret -LRB- s -RRB- . As the reader , I was intrigued by how the author makes it easy to know what is going on in the minds of the characters without actually detailing their thoughts , and I felt like this approach kept up the suspense of wanting to see the other characters realize the truth , which was strung out until almost the end.In addition to the excellent plot , there are side commentaries on the nature of women , especially their influence over men , and a strange condemnation of women 's power which I found so odd because the main impetus for Lady Audley 's questionable conduct came from a man . At least I think the fault of men was glossed over repeatedly , and I could n't tell if the author meant that ironically or not . But it was very thought-provoking to think of how different the lives of many of these characters would have been if the men had made better choices . Not that Lady Audley is without fault.The writing in this novel is very precise and detailed ; with a story that has so many intertwining motivations and agendas , and the author does a great job of revealing all the information at the right time without slowing down the pace . It 's a highly entertaining read with characters that are complex and relatable . It 's a suspenseful , pseudo-mystery -LRB- the reader often knows more than Robert Audley did -RRB- but there are still a couple plot twists in the end to make it interesting . I highly recommend this book !
 Very good example of a Victorian novel . I have not read Braddon before . There are many layers to Lady Audley 's secret and while the reader figures out the first secret pretty quickly the others layers are revealed slowly and inevitably.I enjoyed the book .
 Had to read for College Literature and truly enjoyed the book . Every part of the book was interesting ; however , seemed to drag on a bit . The ending seemed to end quite suddenly but had a good ending nonetheless .
 Although it is considered one of the finest examples of Victorian sensationalistic novels , the story is slow paced . A quarter of the way into the novel , most readers will have already guessed Lady Audley 's Secret , nevertheless , the characters have to go through the process of discovering and proving the secret.There are a few things that I thought were interesting , though some might think they were dated , such as the `` denouncement '' scene or the `` attempted murder '' scene or the `` clean-up the mess '' sequence of events . These scenes are classic sensational Victorian episodes that you do n't see anymore in today 's novels . On the other hand , there are some unexpected turns that will surprise the modern readerWhen the story comes to its happy conclusion , I ca n't help but feel sorry for Lady Audley . Her fate just seemed a bit extreme for my taste . This is a great novel you can toss off in a couple of days .
 It 's easy to see why this tale was such a page-turner when originally written , especially since - like `` Les Miserables '' - it was serialized in the newspapers to hook its readership . Had this been a `` blind '' reading in which neither the author nor the year of publication were revealed , it could likely pass as the product of Mary Higgins Clark or other modern writers of suspense . The characters are each compelling and plausible in their own way ; it 's unfortunate that the made-for-TV film in 2000 could n't do such an enjoyable story justice . The only twist I would like to have seen might have been a wicked streak on the part of George to frame his duplicitous wife for his alleged murder , then reappear in an amnesiac state shortly after her hanging . As written , the ending wrapped up a tad too neatly after such a pulse-pounding ride.Christina HamlettAuthor of Eire Apparent
 I was very happy with the purchase of this book as I could not find it in stock at the two major bookstores in my area . It was difficult to put down . I would often find myself thinking about Lady Audley 's situation while I was at work and could not wait to get back home to discover ... . what was her secret ? It is a hidden gem of the first water from the 1860 's
 This is a delightful Victorian Gothic novel , full of suspense and intrigue . Braddon 's book has all of the elements of a good Victorian suspense tale
 Reviewer
 Mary Elizabeth Braddon -LRB- 1835-1915 -RRB- was a prolific novelist producing over eighty works during her long writing career in London . Braddon , along with the master of the genre Wilke Collins was a `` sensation novelists '' . These novels combined elements of Gothic and detective fiction to make for popular novels . The sensation brings mystery and murder into respectable middle class homes making them shocking . Sex and unusual heroines also feature in these books.Lady Audley 's Secret is Braddon 's most famous work . It was published in 1862 becoming a bestseller in all classes of British society from the very rich and literary to the very poor . The novel is still fascinating to us in the 21st century.The Plot
 I enjoyed `` hearing '' this book . The story itself is entertaining although you can figure out the plot quite quickly . I think what mad it best for me was Juliet Stevenson 's narration . She played the characters well . I will look for her in other books . I love English Victorian books . I recommend this one .
 The 1860s in England saw the boom of `` sensation novels '' which is best represented by the gripping thrillers `` The Woman in White '' and `` The Moonstone , '' written by Wilkie Collins . Immediately after the success of the former one , Mary Elizabeth Braddon wrote `` Lady Audley 's Secret , '' which also became an instant bestseller , quickly making her a celebrity . But , in more than one sense , as you see later.The story of Braddon 's book is clearly inspired by Collins 's `` The Woman in White '' -LRB- especially by Laura 's story -RRB- , but it is quite unfair to call `` Lady Audley '' a poor imitation . -LRB- And remember , Collins 's story is also said to be based on a French book recording actual crime cases -RRB- . Lady Audley takes a more defying view on the Victorians , roles of women in particular , and that 's the real reason she was such a `` sensation , '' and is again getting our attention now.The story goes like this
 I read this for a Victorian literature class , and sandwiched as it was between the imposing density of Middlemarch and Dickens , it was a real holiday . `` Lady Audley '' was written for pure narrative pleasure , and it delivers big-time . I had no idea Victorian literature could be this tantalizing . It 's really kind of trashy , falling into the sensational genre , but do n't let that deter you - it 'll keep you up at night AND provide the romantic bygone otherness of say , a Jane Austen novel . It 's also an interesting window into Victorian femininity , undermining as it does the ideal of the passive angel in the house , and replacing her with a kind of femme fatale anti-heroine . -LRB- Everyone in my class enjoyed it , even the whingers who typically bemoan everything on the reading list . -RRB- A really good read .
 One of the most widely read murder mysteries of the 19th century is still a worthwhile adventure today . Mary E. Braddon delivers a thoughtful masterpiece of suspense . After craftily engaging her reader , Braddon gives one the illusion of knowledge . We begin to believe that we know and understand the `` secret '' and are simply waiting for the mystery to unfold . Yet beware ! We are not as knowing as we think , the text is not as simple as it appears . Full of exciting twists and unnerving psychological profiles , _ Lady Audley 's Secret _ is a must-read thriller ! As a birdseye view of Victorian England , it is superb . As a literary lesson in character development , it is unmatched . As an intriguing , ca n't - put-it-down plot , it is excellent . In a word , it is timeless
 ... I was suprised at how much I liked this book . I am not one for Victorian `` sensationalists '' preferring swashbuckling but Miss Braddon -LRB- as she was then called -RRB- is a great writer who gives explainations for her character 's wild behavior . Considered quite a trashy novelist in her day , her stories are much tamer than what is on network television.Read , enjoy this escapist novel
 It 's unfortunate that opinions regarding the story , Braddon 's style , and/or Victorian novels in general make the little star rankings lower for this particular edition . In fact , the edition is quite good ; the introduction is superb , the footnotes are very useful for those of us who easily forget our Classical references , and the appendices are chock full of relevant information . Like the story or not , this edition is wonderful .
 This novel tells the story of a beautiful woman whose secret becomes her undoing.She uses her beauty , helplessness , and coquettish manner to achieve her end desires , but behind the innocent facade is a woman who is clever , manipulative and ruthless.Lucy 's secret and her extreme desire to keep it ruins the lives of the people around her -LRB- as most closely guarded secrets do -RRB- . I ca n't say anymore without giving the plot away.The secret may be obvious , but the actual path to its discovery , its revelation , and aftermath shape the novel.I could hardly put this book down and will certainly re-read it to see if I missed something the first time . A marvelous read - you will enjoy it if you like Victorian novels .
 I read three Tasha Alexander novels with a wonderful character , Lady Emily Ashton . The third book in the series was `` Fatal Waltz '' . Throughout the book , Lady Ashton kept giving `` Lady Audley 's Secret '' to her friends and family to read because she thought it was so splendid . I had never heard of the book and decided if Lady Emily Ashton loved it , it must be good ! :-RRB- Thank You , Tasha Alexander , the author of those three books.I just finished Lady Audley 's Secret and must say , I thoroughly enjoyed it . While parts of the book were somewhat wordy , the characters , plot and ending were fabulous . Lady Lucy Audley was easy to dislike ... . A perfectly wretched and evil woman . Barrister Robert was easy to like even though he was lazy and took his life and position for granted . Baronet Michael was easy to see as blind/naive/lovestruck / foolish , but who would n't want a husband who adored you so much ? He was such a mensch . George was ... interesting ? Sometimes a bit high strung -LRB- the passage from Australia ... can you say HYPER ?? -RRB- and somewhat depressing to be around -LRB- poor Robert ! -RRB- And the plot held me until the end ... which I loved . The book 's ending made me sigh and smile . I like that . It ended just as I wanted it to ... which almost never happens for me . `` Lady Audley 's Secret '' was an unexpected delight and I 'm happy I read it . I would recommend `` Lady Audley 's Secret '' if you enjoy Historical/Victorian mysteries . While you 're at it , try Tasha Alexander 's Lady Emily Ashton series ! They too are very enjoyable .
 The story begins as Miss Lucy Graham , a beautiful and mysterious governess , meets the wealthy widower , Sir Michael Audley . Sir Audley falls desperately in love with Lucy and begs her to marry him.Lucy agrees to the marriage , but does n't tell Michael she is already married to a man she has n't seen in three years and believes him to be dead.Lucy 's husband , George Talboys , unexpectedly , returns home to find his wife 's father has declared her dead and buried . This is where the mystery begins ! Does George find his wife who has married another man ? What will happen if and when he does?I 've read several Victorian novels in the past , but this is definitely one of my favorites . It has everything a good read should have -- romance , murder , suspense , a surprise ending . It is fast moving and holds the reader 's interest.The author has become one of my favorites and I 'll certainly look for more of her books in the future . Expect more reviews to come .
 One of the better sensationalist novels of the time , Lady Audley 's Secret has all the various elements that make up this type of novel
 This book is a wonderful forgotten gem . Although it was written nearly half a century before , this book belongs on the shelf next to stories such as Du Maurier 's `` Rebecca . '' It is a mystery that takes place at a manor much like Manderly , but the characters are different and the reader wonders who is really the hero -LRB- or herione -RRB- . Mary Elizabeth Bradden wrote her best for this book . In fact , the author always thought of this book as her favorite . I know it is one of mine .
 Although a contemporary of both Dickens and Trollope , I found M.E. Braddon 's `` sensation novel '' an easy read compared to those two authors , whose works I also enjoy.The book is full of vivid descriptions , hidden identities , secrets and conspiracies hinted at.Young Robert Audley is a laconic and highly unlikely detective.With its gothic foreboding , the plot is telegraphed , and possibly , readers may find the novel too slow for our era of fast-paced mysteries.I enjoyed the book , but felt things might have been wound up a little faster towards the end . Recommended for all lovers of Victorian literature.July 22 , 2012
 Wonderful suspense-filled Victorian novel about pretty luxury-loving Lady Audley who has made an advantageous match which has raised her from her humble origins . One day her husband 's nephew comes to stay bringing a dear friend of his who has just returned from Australia , having made his fortune and intending to reunite with the wife and child he left behind ... The writing is fantastic and there are twists right up to the end.I love the way Braddon sets the scene for the terrible events through her descriptions : ' A fierce and crimson sunset . The mullioned windows and the twinkling lattices are all ablaze with the red glory ... till the dark weeds and the rusty iron wheel and broken woodwork seem as if they were flecked with blood . '
 This was a book I read back in college , and I downloaded it largely because it was free . When I got into it again , though , I recognized that it is an exceptionally good piece of literature . It 's engaging , has just the right amount of humor , and draws the reader into the mystery . I highly recommend this one !
 Lady Audley 's Secret is just as the book states , a secret , and one that will keep you guessing right up to the end of the book . Well-written and full of mystery . Unlike a lot of books , it does have a happy ending ; and that is a good thing for a change . Certain ones lived happily ever after but not all . I will not reveal anymore and spoil the read . I am looking forward to seeing the movie based on the book . ENJOY !!!!!!!
 Perhaps I have watched too many episodes of `` Deadly Women '' , but what haunts me only minutes after finishing this fascinating novel is how beauty and charm can turn an otherwise normal person into a monster . I 'm not sure I would go so far as to say that Lady Audley is mad -- regardless of the condition of her own mother -- but certainly she is deluded and mentally ill at the end . No doubt in today 's world she would be treated with therapy and medication before being labeled `` mad '' and tossed into a psychiatric institution.I wonder if it started when she was young and learned how her beauty gave her a veneer of goodness that induced everyone to love and trust her . No doubt after accepting the accolades thrown her way all her life she would begin to believe herself deserving of them , and thus find it unacceptable to live in poverty with the lower dregs of society , especially after being deserted by her husband , who seemed to think it reasonable to leave her alone to struggle to support herself and their child , perhaps forever.It bothers me that the character of George Talboys is somewhat glossed over in this story . He does desert his wife and child , promising never to return unless he can do so with a fortune . Does he indeed expect his wife to toil in poverty forever in the hope that he will return when he did not even give her that assurance in his own farewell letter ? He is himself a very impulsive and callous man to have left her so cruelly and then returned with every expectation of finding her the same as the day he left . He was , of course , misled by her beauty into believing her character to be as virtuous as that of a saint , even though he had some inkling prior to his departure that it was not.In all honesty , I did not fault the lady for marrying to advantage when she did , under the circumstances in which she was left . How could she know whether George was dead or would ever return ? I did have some qualms over her own desertion of her son , but the worst of her `` madness '' seems to occur when she is confronted with the past and becomes desperate to bury it forever , no matter what the cost . And by that time , she has become a monster.It begs the question of what would have happened had George Talboys never returned . She does seem to have made Lord Audley a very happy man -LRB- although deluded , but many people live happily in the face of such delusion -RRB- , and although his daughter never fell victim to her charm , there was no open antagonism . Would Lady Audley 's true character have been revealed in the end had her previous marriage never become known ? I 'm thinking she had some justification in her anger at George Talboys for condemning her actions without acknowledging his own , and that the author is unfair to let him escape relatively unscathed from the situation.Still , his sin stemmed from navet&eacute; more than cruelty , and her desperation to avoid the consequences of her actions made her willing to destroy anyone who stood in her way . But how large a part did his desertion play in turning her into this Lady Macbeth-like character ? I suppose in Victorian times it was easy to assume that evil -- or madness -- arises from heredity -LRB- a `` bad seed , '' so to speak -RRB- and thus not cast any responsibility on circumstances or society , but I can not do so . As long as society worships beautiful women and turns a blind eye to the cruelty of men , such `` black widows '' and `` deadly women '' will emerge to shock us with their villainy .
 In Lady Audley 's Secret , Sir Michael Audley marries Lucy Graham , a governess . She 's a fragile-looking young woman of about 20 or so , whose outside appearance belies the deep , dark secret she 'll do anything to protect . But when a young man named George Talboys goes missing , his friend Robert Audley steps in and resolves to figure out what happened to him . Robert , a dissolute barrister , has a strong suspicion that his step-aunt is connected to his friend 's disappearance.I 'm not going to give away -LRB- much -RRB- here , because it would spoil virtually the whole book and a lot of the enjoyment that goes with this reading experience , but suffice it to say that this novel was one of the great works of Victorian sensationalist novels that were published in the 1860s . It was sensationalist because it took the ideals of Victorian family-hood and turned them upside-down
 I first bought this book for my mother . She loved it so much she bought a copy for me and nagged me to read it.I am not the greatest admirer of Victorian English literature . I prefer the late eighteenth century Gothic authors and the Romantics . Nonetheless , this was a great read . Her descriptions of the countryside , her prose ... everything about this book . It was a great time . It is one of those books you look forward to reading while doing others things . When you get the chance , you 'll read it no matter if you have ten minutes or a full day to yourself.I recommend this to all the Wilkie Collins fans , to all the Gothic readers and sensation seekers . If you love English literature or just plain love a good mystery , pick this book up .
 A `` sensation '' thriller which was the rage at the time , Lady Audley 's Secret is a must read for the genre fans . It is not `` Gothic '' as it is a mystery . There are no supernatural elements . However , it manages to creat appropriate mood and suspense and builds a web of mystery around its main character . The story is interesting to follow and it is also of interest to note how Braddon comments on the lower and upper classes of England . England of course being the usual location for such mysterious goings-ons ! The story was put to the screen on PBS ' Mystery Series . Also other good recommendations are The Woman in White and the Wyvern Mystery . Enjoy
 I had to read tis book for a Victorian Lit . class and was not looking forward to it , however , to my suprise I ended up reading two thirds of it a t one sitting . Not only is it a great mystery novel , and a romance , it subtly undermines Victorian societal conventions , and questions the authority of gender roles.Truly a great read , I reccomend it for woman who like romance novels .
 Not the greatest thing ever written , but I do n't think you can go wrong with this murder mystery . The only thing I think you should be warned about is that the mystery only encompasses maybe 2/3rds of the novel ... there is a lot of build up and a lot of wind down , and although it wo n't be revealed here , I was disappointed with the ending . Anywho , what I * DID * enjoy was the way the main character -LRB- who doubled as the detective -RRB- did n't blindly solve his crimes , even once he 'd come to a conclusion . He took the consideration and time to consider all the factors of the situation and how they would effect the people he loved , and made the right decision based on that . Kudos for a little self doubt !
 I spent over a year convincing myself that i needed to read this book -LRB- like someone else , i was supposed to read it in class , but we did n't get to it -RRB- . Finally , I read it and I am very glad i did . Although you can figure the secret out pretty far in advance , the fact that the narrator/investigator spends the time trying to PROVE his solution to himself shows what a marvelous work this is . He does n't go wildly off into the night telling anyone , he tries to get the lady to tell her husband of her own will . the slight touch of romance , and deep sense of justice and mystery lend this book to a long weekend 's worth of reading .
 My only negative comment about this book is that it was predictable onn more than one occasion.That being said , I found this novel very enjoyable . The story was written very elegantly , with some very witty descriptions that I certainly found interesting and amusing . A bonus was that she used a nice handful of uncommon words , words that , although I 've read many classics and Victorian era novels , I was completely unfamiliar with ; so along with being a entertaining story , it was also a bit of a learning experience for me , and I LOVED that . I am a bit of a word-nerd , so excuse me if I was thrilled to learn that the word `` ratiocination '' means `` the process of exact thinking . `` Another pleasing element of this book was the way the character young Robert Audley developed as the tale progressed . He began as a care-for-nothing sort of man , then was stirred by meeting a lost friend , then was changed dramatically into a thoughtful man after George Talboys goes missing , to a clever and active man as he puzzles together the mystery , to a passionate man in love . I was practically in love with the fellow myself by the end of the book ! Braddon really did a wonderful job portraying the character evolution of Mr. Audley , and it was the highlight of the novel.I was also pleased with the happy ending of the book ; it made for a very satisfying finish that left me sighing and leaning back in my chair with a smile , eyes closed , envisioning it .
 Since this is one of those books that to tell too much of the story would ruin it , I 'm only giving you the bare bones . Baronet Sir Michael Audley takes himself a young , beautiful -LRB- but penniless -RRB- wife , but his eighteen year old daughter Alicia is not quite so enthralled with Lucy 's charms . Sir Michael 's nephew Robert Audley greets his old friend George Talboys on his return from the gold-fields of Australia , but George is anxious to reunite with the wife and child he left behind when he was unable to support them . An unexpected death notice in a local paper sets George 's world upside down , although a trip with Robert to Audley Court opens up ... Well I 'm not telling more than that , I am not into spoilers . This was a highly entertaining and readable mystery - yes you 'll guess some of what 's going to happen but trust me the author has a red-herring or two and plenty of twists and turns ahead for the reader . Braddon 's style was very light and readable , not as heavy handed as some 19C authors can be and I really enjoyed her descriptions of the settings , particularly the very very old Audley Court and its grounds . This book should appeal to mystery fans as well as those looking for something new in 19C lit and perfect for those days when you 're looking for something light , albeit with some substance as well . 4/5 stars .
 As an avid reader of 19th century lit , I am always on the lookout for new -LRB- and good -RRB- authors of this time period . This book was better than I would have expected . It was well written , and I was drawn into the story right away . While Braddon is not quite as good as Wilkie Collins , she spins a good yarn and keeps you interested . I plan on reading more of her books .
 Several years ago I urged John Seelye to edit this work for Penguin . A couple of years after that , he asked me to do it instead , and I did . This is a remarkable book about a literate Yankee -LRB- Higginson `` discovered '' the poet Emily Dickinson -RRB- who `` discovers '' the South . It 's also `` about '' Black soldiers in a white war , white officers in a Black regiment , self-discovery , rivers , and hope . Much of the imagery and characterization in the movie GLORY seems to have been lifted from this book
 In 1862 Thomas Wentworth Higginson was commissioned as a colonel in the Union Army and assigned to train emancipated slaves to become soldiers . He did so on the Sea Islands off the coast of the Carolinas . This is his story.His accounts of traveling up the St. Johns and St. Mary 's Rivers during the war with his regiment were thrilling but the best chapter in my opinion was about his own personal decision to swim to the Confederate lines at night , naked , to scout out their positions . The chapter is entitled `` A Night in the Water . '' It is gripping stuff.The narrative has its ups and downs , but overall , this is well worth reading .
 Thomas Wentworth Higginson , Harvard graduate , aboliishinist and Unitarian took a challange that most in his position would have shied away from . He organized the first South Carolina Regiment made up of Black slaves.This is his story told by him of the trials and endurance of his people as they struggled to learn all that a soldiar needed to know . They were more than up for the task . As you read Higginson 's diary it is clear how his preconceptions are erased as he comes to know these men.This is a wonderful account by a white officer of his experience with Black troops . A volume not to be missed by the Civil War buff .
 Thomas Hardy 's family had a long history as players of instrumental music in the local church , and here Hardy creates an entertaining novel involving a fictional church choir.The characterizations and dialogue of his `` Mellstock Quire '' are detailed and interesting . The plot includes some very funny scenes -- with the scene involving the visit to the vicar being among the best.You 'll also find something in this book that you 'll never see again -- a Hardy novel with a -LRB- relatively -RRB- happy ending !
 To any Hardy fan , Under the Greenwood Tree makes for a terrific read . Compared to his major novels , however , it most certainly ranks as one of his lesser efforts . Understandable , given the fact that it was also one of his first novels . The master was just getting his feet wet , so to speak . What Hardy achieved wonderfully within this novel is his ability to create a strong sense of place . The reader ca n't help but feel as if he is a part of the Mellstock choir , or enjoying the hospitality of the Dewy family as they celebrate the seasons . This book contains some of Hardy 's most enjoyable and memorable characters , incorporating humorous and authentic dialogue exchanges . In certain sections , however , the dialogue is stilted and seemingly ungenuine , perhaps indicating Hardy 's immaturity as a novelist.The novel 's structure derives from the natural seasons , as well as the pace of a young man 's courting of a newly-arrived schoolteacher within the Mellstock community . Although the plot line is terribly straightforward , the reader 's enjoyment comes from the strong picture painted of rural British life during the mid 19th century .
 As always , Amazon delivers what I need , promptly and to my door at a reasonable price . Thank you for making life easy !
 I received unexpectedly prompt delivery of Under the Greenwood Tree , and the book was in excellent condition . I could n't be happier ! Thank you .
 LEARNED A LOT FROM READING IT . ENJOYED IT TO THE MAX . PLAN TO READ MORE BOOKS BY THIS AUTHOR . IT TOOK A LOT OF TIME , BUT WORTH IT . PURCHASED FROM AMAZON.COM
 The book that I ordered came pretty pretty quick and in very good condition . I was very happy with my order from Amazon . I would very much recommend shopping on Amazon !
 I was really pleased with this book . It was in excellent condition and arrived on time . It 's great doing business with booksellers like this . Thank You !!!!!!!!!
 I grew up listening to this audiobook and I have adored Nickleby ever since . Siberry 's narration and character voices are superb , particularly his Yorkshire accents . The eccentricities of Dickens ' characters are truly accentuated by the narrator 's character voices , making this audio version of the story a truly delightful experience . If only it were n't abridged ! It 's still a worthwhile buy , particularly if you do n't have the time or energy for the 800 + page novel .
 A great price and all the CDs worked , wow the reader paints this hysterical novel right across my mind
 This product is the best ! Ever since I started reading `` Nicholas Nickleby '' I feel happy excited.i would really recommend this book to a friend and also recommend this amazon kindle . THe amazon KIndle is the very best invention ever made
 I read criticisms of this book that it is not one of Dickens ' best . For me , it is up there with Great Expectations and David Copperfield as one of his most enjoyable novels -LRB- A Christmas Carol is a short story -RRB- . The social axe that Dickens had to grind in this story is man 's injustice to children . Modern readers my feel that his depiction of Dotheboys Academy is too melodramatic . Alas , unfortunately , it was all too real . Charles Dickens helped create a world where we ca n't believe that such things happen . Dickens even tell us in an introduction that several Yorkshire schoolmasters were sure that Wackford Squeers was based on them and threatened legal action.The plot of Nicholas Nickleby is a miracle of invention . It is nothing more than a series of adventures , in which Nicholas tries to make his way in the world , separate himself from his evil uncle , and try to provide for his mother and sister.There are no unintersting characters in Dickens . Each one is almost a charicature . This book contains some of his funniest characters.To say this is a melodrama is not an insult . This is melodrama at its best . Its a long book , but a fast read .
 Dickens is as much a social critic as a storyteller in `` Nicholas Nickleby , '' which basically pits the noble young man who gives the novel its title against his wickedly scheming rich uncle Ralph in a grand canvas of London and English society . At the beginning of the novel , Nicholas 's father has just died , leaving his family destitute , and Uncle Ralph , a moneylender -LRB- specifically , a usurer -RRB- and a venture capitalist of sorts , greedy and callous by the requirements of the story , reluctantly feels obligated to help them , and does so by securing for Nicholas a position as headmaster 's assistant at a school for boys in Yorkshire , and for Nicholas 's sister Kate a job as a dressmaker for a foppish clown named Mr. Mantalini , while Nicholas and Kate 's scatterbrained mother is left in her room to mutter incoherent reminiscences about random events in her life.This Yorkshire school , called Dotheboys Hall , turns out to be little more than a prison in the way it is run by its headmaster , an improbably cruel cyclops named Wackford Squeers who badly mistreats and miseducates the students . Now , historical records indicate that while Squeers may be an exaggeration , his school is definitely not , Dickens intending to warn his readers of the day that some such places were indeed that bad . The duration at Dotheboys Hall constitutes only a small portion of the novel , but Squeers and his grotesque family reappear throughout the rest of the story like gremlins who are always causing bad things to happen to our hero.Nicholas 's fortunes after escaping from Dotheboys Hall with Smike , a particularly abused older boy whom Squeers had worked like a slave , revolve largely around the circumstances of Kate and Uncle Ralph , who is starting to view the young man as a nuisance inclined to interfere in his machinations . Having been vilified by Squeers for his brash conduct at the Hall , Nicholas takes to the road with Smike in tow , where in Portsmouth they meet a thespian named Vincent Crummles who persuades the fugitives to become actors in his theatrical troupe ; this episode , the strangest of Nicholas 's adventures , seems more than anything else to reflect Dickens 's own interest in the theater . Eventually Nicholas returns to London and gets a job as a clerk at a counting-house owned by a pair of merchants , the cheery Cheeryble brothers , where he encounters a beautiful girl in distress who will become a major factor in the final showdown between Nicholas and his uncle.The supporting characters are numerous and extremely colorful to the point of cartoonishness , such as Miss La Creevy , a talkative spinster and amateur painter ; John Browdie , the gruff Yorkshireman whose dialect is so severe he needs a translator ; Sir Mulberry Hawk , the arrogant suitor whom Kates tries to rebuff ; Newman Noggs , Uncle Ralph 's benevolent clerk who helps our hero when he can . In fact , the most curious thing about the characterization in this novel is that its main characters are almost completely devoid of personality ; Nicholas and Kate , perhaps being by necessity innocuous paragons of virtue , are practically mere mannequins to whom people talk and things happen . Even the sickly and wretchedly humble Smike , the mystery of whose parentage becomes a part of the plot , does not induce as much pity as Dickens probably intended because he seems trapped in a story that does n't really want him except as a device to expose even more of Uncle Ralph 's villainy.There is much to like in `` Nicholas Nickleby ''
 Fresh from his success on `` Oliver Twist '' as a political satirist of note , Dickens turns his sights toward the abuse of Yorkshire schools - a national disgrace - in which children were effectively abandoned for a fee . Neglect , physical abuse , malnourishment , cold , and ill health were endemic . This political attack becomes the setting for an expansive tale of the Nickleby family and their ongoing struggle against the evil of their uncle Ralph . The usual collection of sub-plots , comedy and Dickensian characters rounds out a lengthy but fulfilling read that nobody will be sorry they started.Paul Weiss
 My first taste of Dickens was the appalingly long David Copperfield as a freshman in high school . I detested it , swore I would never read Dickens again , only to find that my junior year held in store for me what would become one of my favorite novels , Great Expectations , a book heinously bastardized years later by a ` modernized ' film adaptation , with Anne Bancroft being the only redeeming feature.Through the years since high school , I have begun to read Dickens of my own free will , and have greatly enjoyed his works.Nicholas Nickelby , one of my all time favorites , is a wonderful novel , typical Dickens , chock full of characters , plots , satire , and story . Nicholas and his immediate family are the ` black sheep ' of the Nickelby name . Humble , gentle , and common in the eyes of their well-to-do relative , Uncle Ralph Nickelby , who denounces Nicholas as a boy , and man , who will never amount to anything.In typical Dickens fashion , Nicholas encounters adversity first at a boarding school , then in society , as he forges a name for himself . Along the way he befriends many , enrages some , and invokes the wrath of his Uncle Ralph , determined to prove himself right in bemoaning the shortcomings of his nephew.One point of interest in this novel for me is the major revelation that comes toward the end involving the character of Smike . Throughout the novel he is loveable , pitiable , and utterly realistic , and his significance to the life of Nicholas , as revealed in the final chapters , is a true plot twist , and a charming , if not bittersweet , realization.For anyone forced to read Dickens early in life , if you appreciate quality satire and an engaging look at the London society of more than 125 years ago , visit this novel sometime , it is one of Dicken 's finest .
 This is a good introduction to Dickens for those who have n't yet read any . The plot is interesting , the characters memorable , and the twists and turns are less convoluted than of some of his other works , such as Tale of Two Cities or Great Expectations . Nicholas is a bit too good to be true , but he does have a quick temper that gets the best of him at times . Descriptions of a Yorkshire boarding school are rather grim , but the author 's comments indicate that it is a fairly accurate representation . This book has it all , good guys in tough circumstances , bad guys of various sorts , social and political commentary , and a love story or two .
 This is a very funny novel in some sections . Imagine an older Oliver Twist , about 19 or 20 or so , but handsome , and with a temper , and with a strong outgoing personality , and one who can act and do all kinds of things . He has lots of self confidence and a beautiful sister , and throw in an obnoxious and rich uncle and a dotty mother . Yes , it is very , very entertaining.I bought the Wordsworth Classic version but would recommend the Penguin Classic version , and recommend that purchase highly . This is among Dickens 's somewhat forgotten novel but still among his best . It is another masterpiece that brings together all of Dickens 's writing skills with a great story . I would rate it slightly behind David Copperfield but it remains one of the most original and interesting of Dickens 's novels somewhat on par with Oliver Twist.As background information , I am in the process of reading most of Dickens 's 22 novels and longer short stories , and set up a Listmania list . As a suggestion , avoid the Penguin Popular Classics with the plain green covers -LRB- I bought two -RRB- . They fall apart and do not stand up to a read , especially books over 500 pages in length . The Regular Penguin Classics with the photo or painting on the front are excellent and some have maps and illustrations -LRB- drawings -RRB- . The Wordsworth Classics are not as good , and some are illustrated.A young Dickens at the age of 12 had the unenviable job of attaching labels 10 hours a day at the Warren 's boot blacking factory . That experience shaped much of his writing career . Still in his teens he became a law clerk , then later in his twenties a journalist . The last job as a reporter led to the serialized writing of his novels . His works were social commentaries with larger than life characters , or colorful caricatures , living in the slums of London . He was a critic of poverty , social injustice , and the slow moving court system.All of Dickens 's experiences come together in his novels . The Pickwick Papers , his first novel , is mostly humorous . But the next one , Oliver Twist , is a dark novel set in the crime plagued streets of early 19th century London . Next in novel number three , he changes back to a more humorous novel which is the present work . This is a big novel , about 750 pages or so - but the pages fly by . The protagonists are Nicholas , who is almost 20 , his sister Kate , a few years younger , and his uncle Ralph Nickleby . Their father has died and Nicholas and Kate come to London with their mother to seek aid from the wealthy uncle . The uncle finds them minimum paying jobs , and that creates a good story . It is a novel with many common features that we expect from Dickens with things such as a school where the children are beaten , but it has many funny parts and it is complicated by the uncle 's financial dealings.Having read many of Dickens 's novels I still rate David Copperfield as best as a work of literature and rate Oliver Twist as close behind and a must read . The latter book was read by Queen Victoria and Karl Marx , and both enjoyed the read . The novel had a far reaching social impact . Nicholas Nickleby is another gem and well worth the read , but lacks the social bite of Oliver Twist , and lacks the enthusiasm of David Copperfield , but it is hilarious .
 I would say this is `` David Copperfield '' 's B-side . It is a typical Dickensian book
 Dickens ' ability to write outrageously hilarious scenes consistently leaves me floored -LRB- and fangirling ! -RRB- and / Nicholas Nickleby / is no exception in this respect . Dickens is also tremendously skilled at rendering poetic , heartbreakingly beautiful sentimental scenes , and those also find their place in the plot of / NN / . This is definitely earlier Dickens - he has n't quite attained the writing maturity that characterizes what I consider his masterpieces -LRB- David Copperfield , Little Dorrit , Bleak House , Great Expectations -RRB- but it is nevertheless a wonderful read . Early Dickens is still masterful writing.My only qualm with the text is a qualm I have with Dickens in general , his female leads are so bland . Kate Nickleby is basically another Agnes -- too passive and good for me to like . The rest of the characters , however , are wonderfully rendered -LRB- Newman Noggs ! Smike -LRB- sob -RRB- ! and of course , the Squeers ! -RRB- . The Kindle edition was relatively free of typos -LRB- at least , I do n't remember too many of them marring my reading -RRB- .
 This book is best , out of all the Dickens books . If you should just read one of Dicken 's , it should be this one.This captures all of the suspense that he creates in any of his books . I reccomend this boook to anyone who is looking for a long and satisfying read .
 Nicholas Nickleby is a marvelous novel . It is the young Dickens at his best . I almost feel guilty for giving it four stars , but giving it five would be unfair , I think , because his later works , such as Great Expectations , are bettter . The novel is written enthusiastically and contains some of Dickens ' best humor . I especially found funny the character Mr.Lillyvick , the revered and dignified water clerk . And I will never forget Ralph Nickleby . Mr.Squeers and Arthur Gride were detestable and colorful villains , but they pale before Ralph Nickleby . He is such a cold and heartless character that he steals nearly every scene he is in . He has a certain magnetism that most of Dickens ' good characters lack . And his suicide at the novel 's end is so perfectly written that I read over it several times before I finished the novel . My only problem with the book was Nicholas 's lack of psychology , but let us remember that this was written by a young man , not the mature artist of Great Expectations and Our Mutual Friend . The novel 's strengths easily make up for its weaknesses . Nicholas Nickleby will be enjoyed by fans of Dickens and all other readers for centuries to come .
 NICHOLAS NICKLEBY is a significant Dickens in the uncannily absorbing way the narrative diversifies to various literary discourses . The protagonist 's experiences and encounters in adverse milieu through life not only embody melodrama , comic relief , political satire , class comedy , social criticism , and domestic farce , they allow Dickens the opportunity to portray , to the minutest nuance , an extraordinary cast of rogues and eccentrics . The main frame of NICHOLAS NICKLEBY is a quintessential Dickens
 Dickens ' novels will spike and plummet emotions . In this book , characters were created that annoy , yet add a needed sense of humor -LRB- Mrs. Nickleby for example -RRB- , and there are those which grate on you - boil your blood , really - but without them you would n't adore Mr. Nicholas Nickleby so much.I was caught by Great Expectations from page one . The opening was more entertaining and it kept up its momentum throughout . This book took me longer to get into , but once I did it was good.One failing was the close of Nicholas ' love life . You read a thick , burly novel like this and grow very attached to the lead character . He falls in love with someone without knowing her at all -LRB- so YOU do n't know her at all , except that she is pretty -RRB- and then in the very end , you do not get to see through Dickens ' words how it plays out between the lovers - you get to imagine that yourself -LRB- which is fine , I have an imagination , but I like to see these things in ink and through the eyes of a master of the craft -RRB- . Instead , the ending focuses on an unlikely romance between two somewhat present but not strong characters in the novel , and you get this `` here you go '' summary of the more prevalent characters ' lives .
 Long , but well written . This is not a &#34; quick read &#34; type of book , but a full story in traditional style that is still relevant .
 Loved the characters and all the drama . I had to work hard not to skip through when it got really wordy , but glad I did .
 Charles Dickens is one of my favorite writers ; and Nicholas Nickleby is one of my favorites . It is a fabulous novel about a family , financially ruined upon the death of their husband and father , forced to rely on the charity of an unfeeling , miserly but very wealthy uncle in London . It 's about the coming of age of young Nicholas who , through his many trials and adventures grows to manhood in an heroic way . As Dickens does so well , the book is shot through with a variety of characters , situations of greed , inequality , cruelty , suffering ... and ultimately justice and redemption for those who deserve it . -LRB- That 's why it is called fiction . -RRB-
 This book made me think seriously about abuse and characters . These are my most favorite characters . I decided to read this book when I saw a play based on it .
 Typical period piece writing by Dickens . You either love his work or critique it as simplistic plot lines . However , his novels embrace the period in Great Britian when , while its empire touched all 4 corners of the Globe , back home the Social Classes had much suffering at the lower levels . The way children were treated then would be called neglect and abuse in our current time.Yes Dickens is predictable and Yes his novels have common threads to each other , but he allows us a window into a time where the poor and children were exploited . He paints a picture of the landscape and surroundings of London and the countryside in such a way as you would want to be there , or avoid it all together . One of my all time favorite authors , this book shows why so many waited for the next installment back in his day . Todays Soap Operas , Paperbacks and Mini Series have nothing on a Good Dickens Novel - I highly reccomend the reader get back to Dickens and forget that you were foced to read his works back in Middle School . Enjoy
 My granddaughter read it with me . She loved it too . She was very concerned for the boys . She is 8 yrs old reading on a 5th grade level .
 It was not my favorite book by Dickens , but I guess you could call it as a story where the good guy always has the most incredible good luck .
 Nicholas Nickleby was a distant memory from my own school days
 Nicholas 's fortunes after escaping from Dotheboys Hall with Smike , a particularly abused older boy whom Squeers had worked like a slave , revolve largely around the circumstances of Kate and Uncle Ralph , who is starting to view the young man as a nuisance inclined to interfere in his machinations . Having been vilified by Squeers for his brash conduct at the Hall , Nicholas takes to the road with Smike in tow , where in Portsmouth they meet a thespian named Vincent Crummles who persuades the fugitives to become actors in his theatrical troupe ; this episode , the strangest of Nicholas 's adventures , seems more than anything else to reflect Dickens 's own interest in the theater . Eventually Nicholas returns to London and gets a job as a clerk at a counting-house owned by a pair of merchants , the cheery Cheeryble brothers , where he encounters a beautiful girl in distress who will become a major factor in the final showdown between Nicholas and his uncle.The supporting characters are numerous and extremely colorful to the point of cartoonishness , such as Miss La Creevy , a talkative spinster and amateur painter ; John Browdie , the gruff Yorkshireman whose dialect is so severe he needs a translator ; Sir Mulberry Hawk , the arrogant suitor whom Kates tries to rebuff ; Newman Noggs , Uncle Ralph 's benevolent clerk who helps our hero when he can . In fact , the most curious thing about the characterization in this novel is that its main characters are almost completely devoid of personality ; Nicholas and Kate , perhaps being by necessity innocuous paragons of virtue , are practically mere mannequins to whom people talk and things happen . Even the sickly and wretchedly humble Smike , the mystery of whose parentage becomes a part of the plot , does not induce as much pity as Dickens probably intended because he seems trapped in a story that does n't really want him except as a device to expose even more of Uncle Ralph 's villainy .
 When I decided to read Nicholas Nickleby I was told by others to read greater novels to enjoy the Charles Dickens experience such as David Copperfield , Bleak House , or Our Mutual Friend . While I was nearly convinced to read these -LRB- I have n't yet but I will -RRB- I stuck to my decision and I have to say I am glad I did . This novel was one of the greatest reading experiences I have ever had . I loved each and every page and I can see why people wrote that they did not want it to end . This novel was only my second Dickens book after The Pickwick Papers . I have sense enjoyed Great Expectations , A Christmas Carol , and Oliver Twist . For those who are loathe to read such a long novel I can assure you that once you really get into Nicholas Nickleby the pages will fly as you read . The same was true for the other Charles Dickens novels I read . I am a real fan now and I look forward to David Copperfield next !
 Nicholas Nickleby is n't the best book Dickens ever wrote , but it is one of the most entertaining . Ostensibly , it 's the story of how , after his father 's death , Nicholas -LRB- and his sister and mother -RRB- rose in the world , achieved success in life in business , and had adventures on the way , but it 's much , much more than that.It 's the minor characters that make a lot of this book ; from the Kenwigses to the Crummles , Henrietta Petowker to Madame Mantalini , the minor characters are by turn pathetic and eccentric , but always hilarious . Nicholas himself is a likable character , but it 's the characters he interacts with , and his weird adventures , that make this book as funny and entertaining as it is.Overall , I 'd say this was a good gateway book to Dickens ; it 's very melodramatic , but it never feels like a soap opera ; Dickens puts a new spin on everything from government workers being courted by lobbyists to working conditions under incompetent bosses . It 's long , but the pages fly by , and it 's not as dark as David Copperfield or as formal as A Tale of Two Cities . If you have n't ever read Dickens , this might be a good book to start with - and if you have , this is a must-read book that will keep you chuckling for hours .
 Nicholas Nickleby might not be the best book ever written -LRB- certainly some other book wins that prize -LRB- and it is likely that that book is widely available -RRB- -RRB- , but it is still worth reading . It is long , yes , but it has plenty of things to recommend it
 A lot of people think that `` Nicholas Nickleby '' is a bit of disorganized confusion , but I think it 's a pretty good effort . It is one of Dickens ' earlier works , and he certainly did get better as time went on , but there is greatness here too . Dickens is noted for his social commentaries with his books , and with this one he took shots at an actual private school - Dotheby 's Hall and it 's master Wackford Squeer - and the book actually did cause reforms to be implemented in the infamous school . The hero Nicholas is the handsome , warm-hearted son of a widow whose husband 's death left her and her two children impoverished . With the help of a shrewd , miserly uncle , Nicholas obtains a post at Dotheby 's Hall . Nicholas finds conditions at the school impossible to tolerate , so he thrashes his employer and quits in disgust . The rest of the book outlines Nicholas ' life in London . There are a lot of characters in this book , and it 's difficult to keep them all straight , but Dickens ' skill for characterization shows itself even in this early work , and the reader gets to know and love each one . The plot is a bit melodramatic and complicated , but the characters almost carry that failing through . Certainly worth a read .
 Again and again I had the sense of a young writer reveling in his powers -- his creation of a teeming multitude of characters and their antics and adventures , his magical use of classic rhetorical tropes -LRB- such as metonymy , irony of various types , etc. -RRB- , his ringing of many emotional notes . One feels that Dickens must have been amazed and delighted by his own profuse gifts . I 'd hope that many people would read this book while they themselves are young!As has been said by someone before , I believe , one does n't learn much that is new from Dickens , but one encounters a prodigious range of events and persons that relate to the universal experiences of human life -- of being bullied or being a bully , of being too trusting or not trusting enough , of having to resolve conflicting duties , and much more.I started reading Dickens about 25 years ago & only recently got to this one , and found it even better than I expected it to be .
 The narrator does an admirable job of bringing this classic to life . The story is one of Dickens top 4 or 5 . The characterization is amazing . To have created such distinct and complex characters and to draw such wonderful life lessons seem quite beyond modern authors . An adventure , a romp . I laughed , I cried . The foot-stomping , no holds-barred , thrill ride of the summer !
 One of the most glorious books by Dickens , this is the story of Nicholas Nickleby and his struggles to find his rightful place in the helter-skelter of early Victorian England . Scenes of brilliantly theatrical melodrama and broad , attractive comedy jockey for position in this engaging novel , showing Dickens at his best
 Charles Dickens is my favorite author and this is another excellent story ! I have all his books , and they are all well-written , entertaining and intellectual . I love how people are his subject and he is a master of words . Every person ought to read Dickens if only for the understanding of grammar you will receive .
 When I first met Dickens in some dark library in the halcyon days , back when I was n't expected to earn my keep and act sensibly , I did n't give what it takes to appreciate Dickens . In school I read Great Expectation and Tale of Two Cities reluctantly , almost as if in reading them I was scaring off all of the patience I could muster in reading Steinbeck or Kesey or something more savory.When I picked this up , read it , and decided to review it , a roadblock loomed
 `` Nicholas Nickleby '' is one of the best works of Charles Dickens overall . This novel is about the brave adventures of Nicholas , his sister Kate and their mother . The story begins at about the time Nicholas 's father dies and the family has to encounter the struggle of life with no imminent prospects of fortune . At this time they make an appeal to the brother of Nicholas 's father , Mr.Ralph Nickleby . From this point on , the parallel developments of the honest Nickleby family and their villanous uncle begin to unfold . With many twists and turns the story is as captivating as any of the author 's best books . The tale is characteristically filled with the Dickinsian people such as Mr.Vincent Crummles and his family , in particular the `` phenomenon '' , Arthur Gride , Newman Noggs and others . Overall , this book is a pleasure to read and I recommend it to anyone who is interested in good story-telling .
 This is not exactly `` Oliver Twist , '' `` A Christmas Carol , '' or `` David Copperfield . '' But remember , no matter how good any author is , not every single thing they write can be a masterpiece , and there are things that make this 3rd novel of Dickens an intriguing study . Strong drama and cynical humour is present . The villainous Squeers foreshadows fascinating villains like Carker and Murderstone . Ralph is a complex character . He is devious , but Dickens does not let us forget that he is human . Mrs Nickleby is overly emotional and naive , but she is heroic in her own way . Vincent Crummles and his group allow us to see Dickens ' interest in theatre and performing -LRB- which he would eventually do some work in -RRB- . Nicholas is a well drawn protagonist . He is steadfast and admirable , but at times we may feel his actions are severe and uncalled for . Kate is not Dickens ' best character , but she certainly foreshadows later heroines like Florence Dombey , Louisa Gradgrind , and Lizzie Hexham . Noggs is fine as a good samaritan . Fanny and Matilda give us an interesting chapter of girly talk , and Fanny -LRB- Squeers ' daughter -RRB- allows us to see the fury of a scorned woman . Even in this 3rd novel , Dickens shows his ability to create superb images , irony , and surprise events . The pace does get sluggish at times , but other than that , this creation gives little scope for complaint . So while `` Nicholas Nickleby '' is not a masterpiece , it certainly helps us to see the greatness that was to come .
 I have read quite a lot of the classics ; `` Les Miserables '' , `` Sense and Sensibility '' , `` The Phantom of the Opera '' , `` The Three Musketeers '' , and so on . As great as all these books are , `` Nicholas Nickleby '' is honestly my favorite of them all.I have also read `` Great Expectations '' and `` A Tale of Two Cities '' by Dickens . '' ... Cities '' was excellent ; Sidney Carton is one of the best fictional characters ever created . However , I was not so impressed with '' ... Expectations '' . I read this after I read `` Nicholas Nickleby '' and was dissapointed . I was simply not drawn into the '' ... Expectations '' story as much as `` Nicholas ... '' . The characters were not as lively , vibrant.To me it is a shame that '' ... Expectations '' is praised as such a classic , when many people have not even heard of , in my opinion , the superior `` Nicholas Nicleby '' .
 It 's impossible for me to describe in 1000 words how I feel about this book . One million words would probably still be insufficient , for I would simply keep thinking of things I love about it . As the title says , this book is my very own transcendent experience . I do n't know if one has very many of those during a lifetime . Probably not . But The Life and Adventures of Nicholas Nickleby has changed MY life -LRB- and adventures -RRB- forever . It 's almost always hovering somewhere in my mind , whether in the back of at the very forefront . Every conversation incites some reference to it that no one else understands . I 've fallen in love with Nicholas ; yes , it 's true . Something I never thought I 'd do . The people -LRB- not characters , people -RRB- in this story are so close to me I feel that I know them . They 're friends and so much more . Can I sound any cheesier ? Or any more cliched ? I do n't really care . It 's all true ; every word . This book will stay with me for my entire life . It has changed my world completely , and in such a way that I ca n't imagine a world without it .
 This short review is not about Charles Dickens or his fantastic book - Nicholas Nickleby . This review is about Robert Whitfield . Although I 'm not an avid book listener -LRB- maybe 30 within my life so far -RRB- I found the reading of Dickens by Robert Whitfield to be absolutely fantastic ! There are many good voice actors out there but Robert is the best I 've ever heard . Every aspect of the reading is amazing ... from the different voices to his clear narrative reading of the English language the way it was meant to be spoken . I picked up the 25 cd version from the library and when I can I 'm going to purchase a copy for myself . It 's THAT good . Buy this and you will not be disappointed .
 this is the sixth dickens ' novel i 've read and is the funniest yet . it is classic early dickens , a picaresque tale that is really more a string of incidents than an integrated , economical novel . still , it positively overflows with dickens ' youthful energy and high spirits . forget about its limitations and just enjoy the humor . i especially loved the mrs nickleby character . supposedly , she is modeled after dickens ' own mother ! yikes !
 Before being bogged down with maturity , competition , and comic asperity , Charles Dickens let his imagination run a brilliant race . Nicholas Nickleby is at the center of this pageant . Through this novel , Dickens creates a universe that is unfair , and yet maintains the purest workings of justice . Sure , the characters are a tad slip-shod -LRB- except for Miss La Creevy , who has to be one of Dickens ' finest female creations -RRB- , and yes , the plot is a boarder-line monstrosity of reality . Yet Dickens emotionally goads us into entertainment with a rush of creativity that perhaps remains unsurpassed throughout the Dickensian canon . In essence , we fall in love with the ridiculousness , even when we ca n't fully accept it .
 `` Nicholas Nickleby '' was Dickens ' third serialized novel and was complete by the time he was 27 years old . It is a spacious and interesting coming-of-age tale , but really tells the story of the Nickleby family as a whole rather than just the honorable young gentleman . Once his father dies of a `` broken heart '' after going bankrupt in the stock market , Nicholas must find a way to provide for his beautiful and virtuous sister Kate , and his kind-hearted , self-absorbed martyr of a mother -LRB- think a less outrageous version of Elizabeth Bennett 's mother in Jane Austen 's `` Pride and Prejudice '' -RRB- . Their lives could all be made comfortable instantly if the dead Mr. Nickleby 's brother Ralph were n't such a bitter , pitiless and hatefully cruel creature , but then Nicholas would n't have such a strong nemesis.Nicholas takes jobs as an assistant schoolmaster , a traveling actor and a bookkeeper , all the while looking out for the honor of his family
 A handsome young man who finds himself the sole support of his mother and sister after his father 's death , Nicholas Nickleby is hopeful that his uncle , Ralph Nickleby , a weathy speculator in London , will assist the unfortunate family in its hour of need . Ralph 's cruel response , however , is to make Nicholas the assistant headmaster at a notoriously abusive school in northern England and to make his beautiful sister a seamstress and part-time hostess at his own parties . There she is subjected to innuendo and to the drunken intentions of men whose accounts help keep Ralph a wealthy man.This early novel is pure melodrama , with the good characters being unbelievably good , and the evil being unbelievably bad . The multiple adventures of Nicholas through a variety of settings , both in the city and in the countryside , create a broad picture of life in England in the 1830s . Nicholas 's job as assistant headmaster exposes him to the horrors of so-called boarding schools for young boys , which were essentially warehouses for young children where they were forced into physical labor , kept malnourished , and beaten regularly . These abuses , based on Dickens 's personal observations , so horrified his readers that major reforms of these schools eventually resulted . When Nicholas , in frustration , finally beats headmaster Wackford Squeers for his abuse of the children , Nicholas and Smike , a crippled boy who has been the headmaster 's slave , escape together.Their interlude with a traveling theatrical company , led by friendly Vincent Crummles , gives Nicholas much needed emotional support and provides Smike with a temporary home -- until Nicholas is called to return to England to rescue his sister from unwanted attentions fostered by her uncle . Eventually Nicholas works in London for the saintly Cheeryble brothers and meets Madeline Bray , the love of his life.Long recognized as one of Dickens 's best novels for its wide assortment of characters , the novel mixes delightful humor with the pathos . The complex plot employs coincidence and miraculous interventions to save the day for the good characters while well-deserved disasters befall the evil ones . Dickens 's vibrant descriptions bring people , places , and scenes fully to life , and the realistically described social conditions provide a clear vision of life 's travails.Despite its great length , the novel is a fast read -- and fun -- but it is soap opera-like in its ups and downs , and the main characters are not fully developed . One knows little about Nicholas except what one `` sees '' -- that he has a kind heart and acts on it -- but we know little about his inner life . -LRB- David Copperfield and Pip in Great Expectations are still ten and twenty years away . -RRB- Sentimental and occasionally bathetic , the novel involves the reader in the social abuses , some of which were improved as a direct result of this book 's publication . n Mary Whipple
 Nicholas Nickleby was written in 1838-39 by Charles Dickens riding the crest of his monumental success from writing Pickwick Papers and Oliver Twist . The lengthy novel is filled with memorble characters , an exciting plot and the incredible genius of England 's greatest novelists.The story concerns the adventures of Nicholas Nickleby -LRB- the least interesting character in the book ! , his sister Kate and his fatuous and longwinded mother the widow Mrs. Nickleby.Nicholas works for a time in the infamous Dotheboys Hall for boys in Yorkshire . The schoolmaster is the evil Wackford Squeers , his odious wife and his ugly daughter Fanny who becomes infatuated with Nicholas . it is here that we meet the pathetic mentally challenged lad Smike who is assisted by Nicholas and along with him leaves the horrid school.One of the most hilarious parts of the book deals with the time NN spent with the Vincent Crummles theatrical company . Dickens loved the theatre and loved to act in amateur theatricals.Katle Nickleby is employed at the Madame Mantalini milliery shop and becomes a companion to a wealthy and ridiculous woman . She is pursued romantically by the scoundrel Sir Mulberry Hawk.Dickens draws a vivid portrait of corrupt evil in the wicked uncle Ralph Nickleby a usurer whose wiles and schemes for fortune pull the many threads of the plot into a well woven plot that has a crackerjack ending as secrets are revealed and all ends well for the Nickleby family.This is still in many ways an work of growth for the budding novelists.It resembles a picaresque novel of the eighteenth century in following Nicholas and Kate through many scenes and situations . The genius of the novel lies in Dickens peerless ability to draw memorable characters that will live in the reader 's mind long after the complicated plot machinations are forgotten.The Penguin Edition is excellently edited with copious notes and a learned introduction . The original illustrations by Hablot K. Browneare also included -LRB- Phiz -RRB- . This is a pageturner which will entertain you for hours . It is a good novel to begin with if you have not read Dickens.The Dickens world is filled with all those marvelous characters which shall live as long as literature . Great .
 I had never read one of Dickens book before Nicholas Nickleby , though I had always wanted to . I particularly enjoyed this book because of Dicken 's subtle sense of humor and colorful characters . It was easy to hate the villains such as Squeers or Ralph Nickleby , and laugh at the amusing chracters of Mr. Mantalini and John Brody -LRB- whom I found to be the funniest -RRB- Authenticity of personality and speech allows you to connect with the various chracters . Although he was probably the least complex , my favorite was Smike , the pitiful victim of the Yorkshire schools of the 1800s . The one drawback was the size of this book . Dickens spent much time giving detail of many places and people -LRB- and did a good job of it -RRB- , but we must draw the line somewhere . Just when one thinks enough words have been spent on one topic , it diverges into yet another irrevelant matter.I 'd recommend this book to almost anyone , unless you have a great fear of commitment . But the book has plenty of plot and satire to hold you to the end . I certainly was , but I do n't think my librarian would believe me .
 This is a very funny novel in some sections . Imagine an older Oliver Twist , about 19 or 20 or so , but handsome , and with a temper , and with a strong outgoing personality , and one who can act and do all kinds of things . He has lots of self confidence and a beautiful sister , and throw in an obnoxious and rich uncle and a dotty mother . Yes , it is very , very entertaining.I bought the Wordsworth Classic version but would recommend the Penguin Classic version , and recommend that purchase highly . This is among Dickens 's somewhat forgotten novel but still among his best . It is another masterpiece that brings together all of Dickens 's writing skills with a great story . I would rate it slightly behind David Copperfield but it remains one of the most original and interesting of Dickens 's novels somewhat on par with Oliver Twist.As background information , I am in the process of reading most of Dickens 's 22 novels and longer short stories , and set up a Listmania list . As a suggestion , avoid the Penguin Popular Classics with the plain green covers -LRB- I bought two -RRB- . They fall apart and do not stand up to a read , especially books over 500 pages in length . The Regular Penguin Classics with the photo or painting on the front are excellent and some have maps and illustrations -LRB- drawings -RRB- . The Wordsworth Classics are not as good , and some are illustrated.A young Dickens at the age of 12 had the unenviable job of attaching labels 10 hours a day at the Warren 's boot blacking factory . That experience shaped much of his writing career . Still in his teens he became a law clerk , then later in his twenties a journalist . The last job as a reporter led to the serialized writing of his novels . His works were social commentaries with larger than life characters , or colorful caricatures , living in the slums of London . He was a critic of poverty , social injustice , and the slow moving court system.All of Dickens 's experiences come together in his novels . The Pickwick Papers , his first novel , is mostly humorous . But the next one , Oliver Twist , is a dark novel set in the crime plagued streets of early 19th century London . Next in novel number three , he changes back to a more humorous novel which is the present work . This is a big novel , about 750 pages or so - but the pages fly by . The protagonists are Nicholas , who is almost 20 , his sister Kate , a few years younger , and his uncle Ralph Nickleby . Their father has died and Nicholas and Kate come to London with their mother to seek aid from the wealthy uncle . The uncle finds them minimum paying jobs , and that creates a good story . It is a novel with many common features that we expect from Dickens with things such as a school where the children are beaten , but it has many funny parts and it is complicated by the uncle 's financial dealings.Having read many of Dickens 's novels I still rate David Copperfield as best as a work of literature and rate Oliver Twist as close behind and a must read . The latter book was read by Queen Victoria and Karl Marx , and both enjoyed the read . The novel had a far reaching social impact . Nicholas Nickleby is another gem and well worth the read , but lacks the social bite of Oliver Twist , and lacks the enthusiasm of David Copperfield , but it is hilarious .
 I am so pleased that this publisher is reprinting this series . These hardcover books are small -LRB- about 4 inches by 6 inches -RRB- ; yet the print is very readable and the font is pleasing to the eye . I am collecting this series and they look beautiful on the shelf and being classics , they do not stay on the shelf ; they come off often to be read and reread . This little series is perfect for any classy reader .
 The reader of this particular production , Robert Whitfield , is genius . He totally made this story come alive . It 's long -LRB- 25 CDs -RRB- , but it 's worth it . I listened to it on my commute to work for three months , and I 'm going to miss it now that it 's over . If you 're a fan of Charles Dickens at all , this is one of his best .
 The hero of this book has been described as a ` clean cut ' Tom Jones . Nicholas does have quite the peripatic journey and most importantly-the prerequisite Victorian happy ending is firmly in place
 There 's nothing so entertaining as reading a Dickensian description of a letter being dropped in shock by its reader , and it then fluttering to the floor .
 I love Dickens ! He points out what 's wrong w the world in glaring humor and lets you fall in love w good souls like Nicholas , Kate and the Cherubles.Bless him !
 Loved it . I happened to see a movie with same title and tried book . Glad I did . I have always believed books superior to movies and I was right again .
 It 's a great story and one that anyone would enjoy . Great for young people to see that perseverance pays off in the end .
 Charles Dickens , over and over again , showed the world he knew how to craft a beautiful story out of the ungliness of human life.One of my favorite , of Dickens books .
 I love this book for the sarcastic and ironic comments on various characters ' personalities , actions , etc. . The story is great and I enjoyed it until the end !
 Really great series . I would highly recommend this author and any books that he writes . Very enjoyable to read and will probably read them again in a few months .
 As a devoted fan of Dickens and all of his works , this book is one of his best . . Have it on my kindle fire .
 I enjoy reading and this is a classic . It shows and describes the times they lived and the problem of greed at any class level . The most recent movie of this , did not do justice to the book , due to the producers desire to change the social standards .
 Enjoy the historical info gleaned . Charles Dickson can make you laugh and cry in the same chapter . Wish my eyesight would let me read faster on my Kindle .
 It suspenses the readers page by page and I would recommend it for all ages .
 Nicholas Nickleby is a story of a young man and his family dealing with the hardships in their life . When Nicholas father died the family was left with little money . It was because of this that they turned to Ralph Nickleby -LRB- Nicholas 's uncle -RRB- , who got Nicholas and his sister Kate jobs . Ralph only did this because he did not want them to rely on his money , he reminded me of Scrooge from the Christmas Carol , he is a business man with no heart at the beginning . Ralph Nickleby is a complex character that unfolds completely by the end of the novel . Ralph 's assistant , Newman Noggs , parallels Bob Cratchit in many ways . He works for Ralph and puts up with many harsh words and actions . Noggs becomes Nicholas best friend . Dickens paints a picture of every character . By the end of the novel you have visual imagine in your head of every detail . You never just meet a person ; you get to know their character . As much as I loved this description of everything , it does tend to be a bit much . At certain points throughout the story you remember that Dickens got paid by the word and that attributed to his -LRB- sometimes -RRB- excessive detail.The very beginning was a bit slow and it took a bit of effort to get through . Around the fourth or fifth chapter the book became very interesting . In the next few chapters the plot of the novel started to evolve . I enjoyed the balance of humor and seriousness that was in the book . Wackford Squeers was perhaps one of the crudest characters however he was one of the funnies as well . The Squeers owned Dotheboys Hall , for a small fortune you may send you child there to be educated , however the as a reader you soon learned about the horrible treatment of the boys . For example , the boys are occasionally given a `` medicine '' , this made the boys so ill that they did n't want to eat and therefore the Squeers save money on food . You are introduced to a very important character by the name of Smike ; he is a boy who was left in the care of the Squeers years ago . After his first six years there this parents stopped paying and he became a servant and he is treated horribly . At one point in the book Nicholas can no longer witness this treatment and saved poor Smike from a beating . After this the book takes a dramatic turn . Nicholas sets out on his own and soon finds that Smike has followed him.Eventually the interest starts to die down and the plot seems boring and over played . I must admit that as much as I loved the book the middle was not very enjoyable to read . In the middle you are introduced to many new characters and you learn the detail surrounding the life that Kate and Nicholas now lead . Kate is employed in a dress shop , which soon becomes bankrupt because of bad investments . Nicholas joins Mr. Crummles entertainment `` business '' , in which he puts on plays . Just when you start to lose hope in the book , an exciting series of twist and turns unravels . You start to learn that Ralph has a few secrets that may lead to his destruction . Newmen Noggs starts to play a very important role in the story . He learns that Ralph has a friend -LRB- Mr. Gride -RRB- who plans to marry Madeline -LRB- the woman Nicholas is in love with -RRB- and give the deed her father promised him to Ralph . Madeline 's father is in prison for not repaying is debt ; the deed is worth 12,000 pounds and will replace what he borrowed from Ralph . The end of the book is the greatest part of all ; you learn very important things about Ralph and his life before money . The theme of how money can ruin a person is really displayed in the last few chapters.Overall this book had its highs and lows . I am very glad that I read it because it is so mind blowing , you really get involved in this world that Dickens creates for his characters . There are so many different aspect of this book that almost anyone can find something that they enjoy about it . The best part is that you can see what everything is leading up to but there is still an element of surprise until the end .
 Nicholas Nickleby tells the story of Nicholas Nickleby , a young man who is a man of his word , attempting to live an honorable and upright life in a world dominated by scheming , grasping men . His greatest opponent is his uncle , Ralph Nickleby , a man who lives for money , and will let nothing stand in the way of his acquiring more of it . As Nicholas tries to live an up-right life , he finds himself more and more locked in a struggle against his uncle.This is another great work of social commentary by Charles Dickens . The characters are all very memorable , including the brave Kate Nickleby , the foolish Mrs. Nickleby , the up-right but sadly fallen Newman Noggs , the foolish and dishonorable Lord Frederick Verisopht , the cruel Wackford Squeers , and the fun-loving actor Vincent Crummles - just to name a few . I really enjoyed my time spent with this book , and am very glad that I read it!Mark Twain once quipped that , `` a classic is a book which people praise and do n't read . '' Well , let that not be said of you and Nicholas Nickleby . It 's a great book , one well worth your time reading .
 Nicholas Nickleby was serialised between 1838 and 1839 . It is almost 900 pages long and comprises 65 chapters . Charles Dickens was 26 years old when it was released - his third novel , following on from The Pickwick Papers and Oliver Twist . One further statistic of note is that the bus ride from Tollesbury to Maldon that I undertake each day for work lasts almost exactly a Nicholas Nickleby chapter . As such , given that it was originally published as a long running serial , I feel that little bus journey contributed greatly to me finishing only my second Charles Dickens novel.Anyway - on with the review!The novel , as you would expect , follows the eponymous hero in various encounters that shape both his own future and that of those he comes to love and befriend . He is opposed all the way by his dastardly money-lending Uncle Ralph who enlists the help of various unbecoming fellows , including the wicked schoolmaster Wackford Squeers and the old lecher Arthur Gride , in his attempts to thwart the young upstart in his quest to see goodness triumph . If you throw into the mix the vaudevillian Crummles family , a mad old man with very small clothes who throws vegetables over the fence in order to woo Nicholas ' mother and two angelic old twins called the Cheerybles - oh and not to mention the foppish Lord Verisopht and the drunken hidden hero of the novel , Newman Noggs - then it is quite clear that this is no tedious novel.Nicholas Nickleby is pure entertainment from start to finish.Ironically the character that I did not really take to was Nicholas himself . He is rather one dimensional in his unstinting goodness and somewhat irritating in the way he imposes his morality on others . His actions though are wonderful , particularly the way he cares for young Smike , that tragic young boy whom he extricates from the clutches of the villainous Wackford Squeers . It is the characters of lesser morals , such as Ralph Nickleby , Arthur Gride and the aforementioned Wackford Squeers , who really do make the novel throb . Wonderful as the Cheeryble Twins are , it is the dark deeds of the villainous that really shows the author at his best . He rails against the rich and the powerful , those who take advantage of their status , their gender and their profession . The descriptions of the school where Nicholas encounters Smike is one of the most harrowing I have read in any novel . The small episode towards the end where Nicholas cares for his ailing young friend is touching beyond words.Interspersed with the blistering social commentary is a story of love and devotion , of people struggling to the point where all they have to rely on is each other and a fundamental belief that all will come good in the end.Finally , I will repeat some of the statistics from earlier . Nicholas Nickleby was written by a 26 year old man 175 years ago and it is almost 900 pages long - impressive at every turn . It is certainly as relevant today as ever it was and has served over the last few months to make my little bus journeys entirely wonderful !
 Charles Dickens `` Nicholas Nickleby '' develops many of the characters found in `` The Christmas Story '' . Locations and characters include many places and people familiar to Dickens as a young man , giving the tome a hallmark of familiarity . The colorful characters combined with an intriguing fast paced tale carry the reader from page to page while covering a full range of emotions and sentiments.This book is a must read for Dickens fans .
 One of Dicken 's best , which means that it is simply great literature ! As always , the characters were unique and so well developed that I felt that I knew them as friends or foes . The story is heart rending and charming as usual ; always with a meaning and always with a life lesson or two . The reader , Simon Vance , is just perfect . His English accent , his variation of voice by character , leaves the listener well informed and well entertained . In my view , only The Tale of Two Cities is better and that says a lot . Total entertainment .
 `` I know one who when she is happy ... reads Nicholas Nickleby , when she is unhappy ... read Nicholas Nickleby , when she is tired ... reads Nicholas Nickleby , when she is in bed ... read Nicholas Nickleby , when she has nothing to do ... reads Nicholas Nickleby , and when she has finished the book ... reads Nicholas Nickleby ALL OVER AGAIN . '' - William Makepeace Thackeray
 Nicholas Nickelby is the third novel Charles Dickens wrote , and , as is the case with its predecessors The Pickwick Papers and Oliver Twist , it is a work of astonishing quality for both a writer of Dickens ' youth and for a storyteller of any age in general . You can tell how much Dickens loved the freedom with which he could pursue any story line or digression into characterization he fancied . There is no tight , coherent plot to Nicholas Nickelby ; it wanders where it pleases , and is guaranteed to please you in the process . Some parts are fraught with great tragedy and anger - Dickens wrote the portion in which Nicholas works as a teacher at the brutal Dotheboys Hall in Yorkshire as a means of helping eradicate the horrific educational institutions that actually existed there at the time . -LRB- Allegedly several headmasters threatened to sue Dickens , thinking that he had chosen their school specifically to portray as Dotheboys Hall ! -RRB- His powerful and passionate descriptions of these deplorable schools helped get rid of them for good . In the process we are drawn into the heart-rending story of the irreparable damage done by the cruelty of these institutions . Other parts of the book are romantic and unabashedly sentimental - if I remember correctly , the book ends with three marriages ! Nicholas is decidedly a romantic hero , and his search for love is one of the main ideas the book explores . Some parts are creepy - the Nickelbys as a family unit are benign and good , but they are surrounded by and pursued by some real monsters , for instance Sir Mulberry Hawk and Arthur Gride . Those are some legitimately sleazy guys . Some parts are heartwarming - especially those with the Cheerybles and Tim Linkinwater - and some parts are truly hilarious . I will never get over how astonishingly funny Dickens is !! Nicholas Nickelby is rambling and disorganized , and it follows its own zigzaggy course with a sweet will through the perils and delights , the high points and the low points of Dickensian England . Be patient and enjoy the ride - you 'll never enjoy this book if you ca n't sit back and savor the details .
 Perfect nightstand sized book . Love the convenience of not having a bulky book cluttering the area . Great nighttime read ; would love to have the whole set .
 I purchased this book as a gift for a Dickens lover , and he was really thrilled . It 's a small , hardbound edition with gold-trimmed pages . A perfect gift . What makes this edition particularly sweet is that , for a long novel , the book is lightweight and easy to take along when you travel .
 I had n't read this book since high school ... many years ago . But I happened to catch a late night showing of the 2003 movie and was caught up in the story and wanted to re-read the book . From the advantage of life experience I loved this book . Good trumphs evil , family is everything and never let go of people we love . All this in an excellent and engaging mystery/adventure/romance story . I downloaded it -LRB- for free ! -RRB- on my Kindle and read it for the next three hours .
 Nicholas Nickleby is definitely one of Dicken 's best works . The book contains a most interesting array of characters that only Dickens can create . Makes you laugh ... Makes you cry . I could not put this book down !
 I am reading all of Dickens ' novels in order . Started with The Pickwick Papers , then Oliver Twist , then a reread of David Copperfield -LRB- out of order I know -RRB- . I have purchased all 14 novels , so this will take a while . Nicholas Nickleby was excellent . After reading 3 of Dickens ' novels in the last month , I am really accustomed to his language and style . As an English major years ago , being forced to read Dickens , I was never a big fan . But now I know why he has always been considered the greatest writer of his generation . His books are wonderful . I would n't have liked this book back in school , but now 30 years later , I love Dickens . And so far , NN is my favorite of my now favorite author . It is great to rediscover an author , and realize what I was missing . Only 10 more novels to go , and I am looking forward to the journey into this classic author.I even bought several of the DVD versions of his books , and the NN version I just watched with Anne Hathaway was not nearly as good as the book . A lot left out of the movie understandably . The Polanski version of Oliver Twist was really good though . Really fun to find a whole new series of books , and their movie versions . If you 've ever considered revisiting Dickens , I highly recommend you do .
 The characters in Nicholas Nickleby are so real , I despised Uncle Ralph just as I was supposed to , wonderful story that depicts the times in England so perfectly .
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book . I am a big Charles Dickens fan because of how his descriptions of people paint a mental picture that I feel I can see them .
 Nicholas Nickleby is without a doubt one of Dickens best works . The characters are such a peculiar bunch , Mr Mantalini is hilarious as he sucks up to his wife and source of income , threatening to end his life in dramatic style every time he gets a cross word from her ! As with most Dickens stories there is much hardship but everything turns out nicely in the end . A must read !!
 The service was great . I Would definitely buy from them again ! Product was exactly as advertised . Highly recommend this seller .
 Charles Dickens ' follow-up to `` Oliver Twist , Or The Parish Boy 's Progress '' is a well-written novel . The reader 's interest is sustained throughout the story -LRB- though I was almost bored with the bits about the Kenwigses ; i mean that in general , curiosity never flags to read what happens next -RRB- , the suspense builds up quite nicely and everything turns out well . This IS a Dickens novel , so happy endings were in order -LRB- at least in `` Oliver Twist , Or The Parish Boy 's Progress , '' here and in `` David Copperfield or The Personal History , Adventures , Experience and Observation of David Copperfield the Younger of Blunderstone Rookery -LRB- which he never meant to publish on any account -RRB- '' -RRB- . My only complaint is that the love interest , Madeleine Bray , does n't show up until the final two-thirds of the novel and when she does appear , Dickens barely gives her more than 10 or 15 lines to say in total . A real let-down , considering that there was a prolonged and interesting love scene in `` Oliver Twist , Or The Parish Boy 's Progress '' and Rose was a main character in the story , so she had plenty to say -LRB- albeit she appears in the second half of the novel , after Oliver is shot -RRB- . I highly recommend this novel .
 This is a great book . Bought it for my brother-in-law in Dallas , an avid book lover . He loves the book and this hardcover edition looks sharp as well .
 This product had a few marks where passages were underlined but overall it was in very good condition . It made it to me in good time and the process was easy .
 Studying this great Victorian novel for A-Levels , I could n't have been more surprised at how captivating and entertaining Dicken &#8216; s is .
 I love all the Norton Critical editions of literature . Not only do you get a handsomely presented copy of Hard Times , but articles and criticism about the work in one package.For me Hard Times becomes the indispensable Dickens . The relationship between Sissy Jupe and the Gradgrind children is something that is relevant today as it was 165 years ago . That the Education system can ruin children is absolutely a point that needs to be addressed in modern times . The Gradgrind academy only cares about facts , and only turns out vacuous twits . Only Sissy Jupe comes out of the academy with a head on her shoulders . Young Tom Gradgrind shows the folly of removing morals from the schools . He has no understanding of anything but how to take advantage of any particular situation . What is worse , his Father Old Tom Gradgrind tries to cover for him . How is that not relative to today 's world?Besides getting the novel , one also gets the critical articles in the back , which help make sense of the whole thing . I am not saying that Dickens , in any of his works is hard to understand , but I especially like the articles from the time period in which the works were written . For teachers of literature , this book is a must . I highly recommend it .
 The book itself is nicely down by Everyman 's Library , a nice attractive volume . As for the story ... a classic of course , on the plight of the poor , industrialism , etc. , in England . Great charatcters .
 It 's the way things happen , not the pizzazzy prose or the dialogue , that sets Charlie up to be read by every high school student alive . While not hideously exciting to the modern reader , there is a lot to be gleaned from this compassionate narrative about the unhumanness of the modern world .
 `` Death by verbosity '' describes the critic 's failure not Dickens ' . There are no such things as neat conclusions in Dickens , note the several rewrites of the the final chapter of `` Great Expectations '' . Dickens expanded the concept of character in the novel to embrace the socially situated type as a means of understanding the relationship between society and the individual . This helped to forge a self-conciously social literature and thereby making the link between art and politics textually explicit .
 I initially lamented the fact that Hard Times was assigned to me in my British lit . class . I had read some of Dickens 's melodramas like A Tale of Two Cities and Oliver Twist and enjoyed them , but everything I heard about Hard Times said this was nothing like those . This was supposedly just strictly social commentary . My interpretation of that
 `` Hard Times '' belongs to the second half of Dickens 's writing career , in which his work becomes rather more somber and , by common critical assent , more mature and satisfying . Personally , I prefer his earlier work and his very first novel , `` Pickwick Papers '' , is to my mind his greatest . Surprisingly , `` Hard Times '' , despite its title and reputation , contains some brilliant flashes of Dickens humour , especially in the earlier part . The descriptions of Bounderby and Gradgrind , and the early dialogue with the circus folk , are genuinely hilarious.This is Dickens 's shortest novel , about a third of the length of each of his previous four . Themes , subplots and characters are introduced without being fully explored . The author was perhaps feeling the constraints of writing in installments for a periodical , although he was well used to doing that . This relative brevity , together with the youth of some of the central characters , make this book a good introduction to Dickens for young readers.There are the large dollops of Victorian melodrama and the reliance on unlikely coincidences that mar much of Dickens 's work . Also the usual tendency for characters to become caricatures and to have names that are a little too apt -LRB- a teacher called Mr. McChoakumchild ? -RRB- . The respected critic F.R. Leavis considered `` Hard Times '' to be Dickens 's masterpiece and `` only serious work of art '' . This seems to me wildly wrong , but such an extreme opinion may prompt you to read the book , just so that you can form your own opinion.I read it because I had just finished `` The Jungle '' by Upton Sinclair , which deals with the plight of Chicago factory workers , and I wanted to compare the two . Sinclair 's book has greater immediacy . It takes you much closer to the suffering of the workers . In the Dickens novel , the mill workers and their plight are distanced ; they are relegated to being the background to a family drama , which is what really interests the author . A third , and still greater work , that examines the same themes , is Zola 's `` Germinal '' . I recommend all three . Together , they give real insight into the social conditions that led to the proletarian political and revolutionary movements of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries .
 Dickens creates a novel that virtually revolutionizes literature of the 1800 's . At a time where most writers wrote in a stuffy prose full of unrealities and a jaded outlook , Dickens dares to tell with honesty what he sees through his window.Hard Times has yet a misleading title . It gives one ideas of harshness , depression , poverty , and social decline -- although the actual reality of then-London , still not something you would choose to read . However , Hard Times has as much depression and poverty as any of Dickens ' other works . It is just in this case that Dickens chooses to remind the world that in the deepest despair there is beauty yet to be seen.Dickens was a strange author . In his supposedly inspiring books , you get an overdose of sadness , and in his depressing books , you find beauty . It is this case with Hard Times.It is a poor , honest man 's search for justice in a world where only the rich have merit . It is a girl 's search for true love while battling the arranged marriage for money . And lastly , a woman 's search for recognition against her favored , yet dishonest brother . It is these searches that at last come together and become fufilled . And , while at the same time telling a captivating story , it comments on the then -- and still now -- presence of greed and total dishonesty one has to go through for money.The title of this review sums up Hard Times . Its beauty comes from the pure searches for truth , the sorrow comes from the evil the characters most overcome to get there , and the honesty is both the truth with which Dickens portrays life and the the overwhelming truth that these protaganists create.Holly Burke , PhD.Clinical Psychologist , Abnormal Psych . ProfessorGeorgetown University , Johns Hopkins Inst .
 Always concerned with issues of class , social injustice , and employment , Dickens shows in Hard Times , written in 1854 , a broader concern with the philosophies and economic movements which underlie those issues . Three parallel story lines reflect a broad cross-section of society and its thinking.Mr . Thomas Gradgrind runs a school founded upon the principles of rationalism , a belief in the importance of facts , the antithesis of romantic `` fancy '' and imagination . Basically a good man , he denies the importance of emotion -- for himself , his children , and his students . Only Student # 20 , Sissy Jupe , the daughter of a circus clown , fails to conform to his notions , and in a hilarious , satiric scene at the beginning of the novel , Dickens shows the absurdity of Gradgrind 's teachings.Gradgrind 's friend , Mr. Bounderby , is a banker and factory owner , aged fifty , who claims to have risen from the gutter to his present lofty position through hard work . Bounderby treats the employees of his Coketown factory as machines , rather than as humans , and his eventual marriage to the teenaged Louisa Gradgrind is seen by both as a marriage of `` tangible fact , '' having nothing to do with affection.The third story line involves Stephen Blackpool , a worker in Bounderby 's factory , trapped in a marriage to an alcoholic who periodically appears and extorts money from him . Stephen is in love with Rachael , an adoring factory worker , but his appeal to Bounderby for help in ending his marriage is met with cold , rational pronouncements . Shortly after , Bounderby fires Stephen `` for a novelty , '' forcing him to seek employment elsewhere.As the story lines overlap and intersect , often with consummate irony , Dickens keeps a light enough hand to prevent the story from becoming a polemic , though his criticism of hypocrisy , corruption , and `` progress '' at the expense of humanity is clear . His humor , often dark , keeps the plot moving , and several of his characters , which are often caricatures , do grow and change . Characteristically , Dickens uses names symbolically-Gradgrind grinds the emotions from his graduates , hires Mr. M'Choakumchild as a teacher , and lives at Stone Lodge . Mr. Bounderby proves to be a bounder . Some of the circus performers , like Sissy , live at Pegasus Arms.The dramatic conclusion , which involves the pursuit of an innocent character widely believed to have committed a robbery , draws all the themes together , showing the parallels , contrasts , and ironies which connect these characters , regardless of their social level . Less epic in plot than some of Dickens 's other novels , Hard Times provides an intimate look at a changing economy and an important commentary on the philosophies of the times . N Mary Whipple
 HARD TIMES has its own special place in world literature , even as it does in Dickens 's own oeuvre . Its brevity contrasts with the longer works for which Dickens is more famous , and its satiric skewering of rampant capitalism leaves an imprint on the reader 's mind not soon forgotten.Dickens holds up Thomas Gradgrind for us , Sir , a singular member of the industrial community of `` Coketown , '' a man who is so obsessed with Facts that he never allows his children to Feel . They are to `` discard the word Fancy altogether . '' To ensure this strict materialistic philosophy , the children are taught by a schoolmaster named `` McChoakumchild . '' In Gradgrind 's friend Josiah Bounderby Dickens gives us possibly the most layered , complete and abhorrent hypocrite in all of English literature . Moliere 's Tartuffe is the height of sincerity compared with Bounderby , who seems really to have convinced himself of his own myth after many years of browbeating others with his pompous false modesty . The fact that he is a factory owner who mercilessly exploits his workers only makes him the less endearing . And this is the man Tom Gradgrind gives his daughter to in marriage!The book 's narrator clearly distinguishes the good guys from the bad guys , all in an effective effort to show that humans need to appreciate sentiment and sympathy much more than they need to worship dollars and cents . In 1854 HARD TIMES showed the triumphalist British industrialists their dark side . It stands today as a treasured statement against cost-benefit ratios and anti-intellectualism in a world where CEOs `` earn '' $ 10 million bonuses the same week 4,000 workers lose their jobs . It will stand tomorrow anywhere people are scorned for showing their feelings , beaten down in body and spirit , or victimized by rank injustice .
 Dickens ' shortest novel is an attack on utilitarianism , the squelching power of schools and factories to eliminate joy from life among the rich and poor alike . -LRB- Dickens perhaps prefigures Orwell with his Coketown of horror . -RRB- While some of the business about labor unions is unsuccessful , the love/despair story of Louisa Gradgrind is superbly rendered . A very good novel for those unsure of themselves in life !
 This novel , like much of Dickens , is hard to pin down in a concise statement as to what exactly it 's about . Dickens is often accused , by his critics , of being a sentimentalist and two-dimensional character scrawler . This judgment , I would submit , is quite correct as far as it goes . But the greatness of Dickens , it seems to me , is that each one of his novels conveys a feeling , envisions a world , that is far greater than the sum of its parts . This is especially true of Hard Times.The most common interpretation of the book is that it is anti-utilitarian . This take on the novel is quite true , to an extent , but to say that this stance constitutes all that the book concerns is , in itself , a utilitarian interpretation ! It reduces the book to a fictionalised polemic . And the book is surely far more than that!There are always , in Dickens 's works , depths opening up amidst the simple plots and the simplified -LRB- and whimsically named -RRB- characters that bring one to a stop . When Louisa finds out from her brother Tom that Bounderby -LRB- the most deliciously named character herein -RRB- is set to propose marriage to her , the chapter ends thusly : `` Old Time , that greatest and longest-established Spinner of all , would weave from the threads he has spun into a woman . But his factory is a secret place , his work is noiseless , and his Hands are mutes . `` This passage alone should serve notice that something deeper is going in the world of Coketown . I truly do n't think I can proffer to the prospective reader a glimpse of the depths that lie beneath the simplified characters and simplistic narrative structure than by quoting the last words of Stephen Blackpool , addressed to his Muse-like Rachael , as he lies dying , after having been raised from the disused mine opening known locally as Old Hell Shaft : `` I ha ' fell into th ' pit , my dear , as have cost wi'in the knowledge o ' old folk now livin , hundreds and hundreds o ' men 's lives - fathers , sons , brothers , dear to thousands an ' hundreds ... When it were in work , it killed wi'out need
 In this novel set in industrial revolution era Great Britain , Dickens is about as subtle as a sledgehammer . Unlike some of his other social commentary , where he wraps his point in a gripping , twisting , and entertaining plot , Dickens goes right for the jugular in `` Hard Times '' . In this novel he lashes out against the dehumanization of our children through `` education '' , as well as the still very real gulf between the well to do and impoverished . Even the names of his characters are none-too-subtle jabs . The local teacher , Professor Gradgrind , seeks not to educate or enlighten , but to hammer home facts and turn his children into automatons . His counterpart in the business arena is Bounderby , a blustering , egomaniacal , and ultimately vacuous man . Their countermeasure is a young orphan girl named Sissy Jupe . She is a lovable character that embodies compassion and humanity , but is very nearly broken by the their overbearing influence.This is not a `` fun '' book to read , and if you 're looking to be entertained in traditional Dickens fashion I strongly reccomend looking elsewhere -LRB- i.e. David Copperfield -RRB- . The novel is relatively straightforward and simple of plot , and his scathing social commentary can not be missed . The most compelling reason to read `` Hard Times '' though is the fact that the same mentality criticized here is still very much in existence today , and this makes the novel just as relevant for the 21st century as it was when first penned .
 Hard Times by Charles Dickens . Published by MobileReference -LRB- mobi -RRB- . Hard Times is told so compassionately . The reader cares for these people and their tragic lives . The story is also told with biting humor that still cuts at today 's society . I would certainly recommend this novel to fans of Dickens and to fans of the truly literary novel .
 Readers should always remember that while reading . Instead of the usual monthly periodical installments with room to spare , `` Hard Times '' was done in weekly installments with a very limited space allotment , for the newspaper `` Household Words . '' Dickens found the combined pressure of time and space nearly intolerable , given the breadth and depth of his vision for needed social reform . One can only imagine how much better , fuller , and more satisfying this book would have been -- in plot , character-development , dramatic impact -- if Dickens had written it as 900 pages over two years , rather than 300 pages in five months .
 This book at times was challenging to read due to its drab setting -LRB- Victorian England -RRB- and heavy -LRB- read
 Although critics dislike Dickens ' novels for their twisted , drawn-out plots and his maddening penchant for creating soap-operas in the midst of otherwise realistic plots , these faults must be considered in light of the genre that Dickens wrote for
 I think everyone can agree right from the start that `` Hard Times '' is not Charles Dickens 's greatest work . It is certainly nothing compared to works of a similar length , such as `` Tale of Two Cities '' or `` Great Expectations . '' But even Dicken 's lesser works are gems , although a bit less refined.The tale spreads across three households , the upright and serious Gradgrind family , the wealthy blowhard Joseph Bounderby of Coketown , and the dismal , poverty stricken Stephen Blackpool and his wretched , drunken wife . Gradgrind is all facts , and raises his children to be without imagination or wonder . Bounderby , a self-proclaimed self-made man is all appearances , having dragged himself out of the gutter into station . Blackpool is all honesty , unable to commit even the smallest wrong that would bring his own happiness.Into this mix are thrown two strays , the orphaned but lighthearted Sissy Jupe and the immoral and charismatic James Harthouse . They are the catalyst for the downfall of the orderly lives built by Gradgrind and Bounderby , and the further descent of Blackpool . No good deed goes unpunished in `` Hard Times , '' but neither does an ill deed go rewarded.Dickens 's shortest novel , `` Hard Times '' is only a small investment of time to spend with such rich characters . Lacking the light-hearted balance from his longer novels , the short length is a relief as too much more dreariness could be an undoing . At the same time , a deeper exploration of the lives and philosophies of the storyline would have made for a richer experience .
 It is unfortunate that HARD TIMES by Charles Dickens is not usually read outside the classroom . It is an unforgettable glimpse of an age that did not prize the worth of the individual over a collective society -- sort of like today 's emphasis on the same . What stamps HARD TIMES as the classic that it is is Dickens ' continual focus on the rights of the individual and his championing of anti-child labor laws . In an age that routinely crushed individuals in the grinding gears of a society that was hell-bent on automating the factory system , it was only lone voices like Charles Dickens who , in his novels , cried out to stop the madness . In HARD TIMES , Dickens takes a savagely satirical poke at a then popular system of thought
 Hard Times is a fantastic account of how social history intemingles with economic and politcal history as Dickens is a noted writer for the politcal atmostphere of Victorian Britain . This book takes a hard shot at Utilitarinism and with good reason . The imagery and description in this book are simply brillant . A definate read if you want a look at how it was in the Victorian Era .
 This is a totally honest book of life between the lower and upper class . Having lived in the United Kingdom for more than 4 years , I truly appreciate Dicken 's description of the physical environements of Coketown . It has so much resemblance of present day London 's buildings , especially with regards to the North and South part of the city from Zone two onwards , except for the trailing serpents of smoke.As to the characters so vividly presented and the conversations that were exchanged between them in the course of the narration , I just enjoy the satire on fat old Bounderby , the game being turned upon the Gradgrinds , I think mainly to shame Mr old Tom Gradgrind for his stiff-necked beliefs in ` hard facts ' . The consoling fact is he did learnt his lessons.Poor Mrs Gradgrind . It was a pity that she had to be killed off so soon in the story . If she had been alive till the end , what would she say to her daughter 's divorce , her son 's connection with the bank robbery and Bounderby big fat lies ? Probably nothing but something she would never hear the last of!I do n't know much on how to comment with a literature eye , but I think Dickens did write pretty well here . I would not hesitate to read it again but since I still have a lot of other books to peruse , I may just as well skip this second reading till later ...
 While this is certainly one of Dickens ' shorter novels , that does not stop me from considering it an exquisite masterpiece . In all honesty `` Hard Times '' -LRB- 1854 -RRB- is full of chilling passages and convincing characters such as Thomas and Louisa Gradgrind . There is not one single dull moment . Also , every chapter is full of striking images . In addition , the suspense and dramatic irony are well placed . To be sure , many of Dickens ' full length books such as `` Dombey & Son '' -LRB- 1848 -RRB- and `` Bleak House '' -LRB- 1853 -RRB- are exquisite as well . But , do n't let the thin length of `` Hard Times '' fool you . It is a masterpiece and one I highly recommend !
 Hard Times was written in 1854 by England 's greatest novelist CharlesDickens -LRB- 1812-1870 . It is the shortest of his novels . The novel was originally published as a weekly series in `` Household Words '' periodical edited by Dickens . The novel reads quickly telling a story that is still relevant in our own post-industrial 21st century Western Society.The novel is set in fictional Coketown set in the English Midlands . The first scene is set in a classroom where children are being taught by rotelearning . Only FACTS yells Mr. Gradgrind who has raised his two children the feckless Tom and the more impressionable Louisa to eschew the emotions of art and the heart to stick strictly to practical learning.Enter into the town Mr. Sleary 's circus . Cecilia -LRB- Sissy -RRB- Jupe is a young girl whose father is employed by Sleary to ride horses . He deserts Sissy who is adopted by the Gradgrind family . Sissy befriends the lonely lass Louisa . Louisa is forced into a loveless marriage with the bloviating humbug industrialist Josiah Bounderby . Bounderby has crafted a false story of a difficult childhood while disdaining the love of his mother who lives in the country.We also met the tragic Stephen Blackpool a miner who is wed to an alocholic wife . Stephen is in love with the beautiful and kind Rachael . He will be framed for the robbery of Bounderby 's bank which was really robbed by Tom Gradgrind.The novel is divided into three parts covering several years . Many of the characters come to a bad end . The novel attacks industrialism , the state of British education and the necessity for entertainment in the lives of everyone.All of Dickens fictions are worth reading . Hard Times is a good introduction to the second half of his career in which he moves to more serious themes . A Victorian classic which will be enjoyed by the discriminating reader .
 Dickens wrote some diverse plots , that 's for certain . `` Hard Times '' certainly DOES portray some hard times . Everyone knows `` A Christmas Carol , '' and I had read and loved `` A Tale of Two Cities '' years ago . This book is something altogether different.Dickens has a knack for creating memorable characters . I had to read this novel for a British Literature class a year ago , and Bounderby , Sparsit , Blackpool , and the Gradgrinds are permanently ingrained in my mind.This novel would have been more enjoyable had my class been able to read it at a slower pace ! Pay careful attention to the characters ' development.Also , a word on the Norton editors
 While this was a faster paced book than usual for Dickens , and expertly written , the marked darkness of this piece is hard to avoid . Dickens is known for tackling the serious issues of his time and this is no different . He paints a scathing portrait of industrialism and a world only big enough for cold hard facts . The novel takes place in Coketown , a place laden with serpentine smoke and oppressed by the heavy burden of industry ; a place where intelligence is to be fostered , but the imagination quashed.I suppose my only complaint is that this book is totally devoid of comic characters . Dickens ' ability to caricaturize is amazing and he deprives his readers of that comic relief here . It really could have used a `` Uriah Heep '' or `` Fagin . '' Sure , these characers are villainous , but also darkly comic ... characters one loves to hate . Without this element , Hard Times leaves one a bit depressed.Don ' t get me wrong , it is a good read , I just can not put it into the same category with David Copperfield and Dombey and Son .
 Hard Times is first and foremost a burning indictment on industrialism and the total reliance on reason without consideration for emotions . It is also a great novel . I did n't get quite the same connection with the characters as in Great Expectations - I ca n't readily recall their names after a few months - but I know them and can remember vividly the scenes that he painted them in.Again there are several sub plots which drive the point home and wrap the novel up in such a tight and well thought out way that only Dickens could have written this . The main character , for me , is Louisa , raised under conventional wisdom on only dry facts and reason . As such , she is completely unable to cope with real life . She is married to Bounderby , who owns the local bank while her brother , Tom , works for him . Bounderby claims to been raised in the gutter , abandoned by his parents , and to have raised himself up by his bootstraps . Each character has built for themselves a house of cards which are destined to come tumbling down revealing all the flaws , all the lies and the fundamental errors of their thinking . The only person left unscathed is the abandoned circus girl who , like Biddy in Great Expectations , reminds us that the people we overlook may just be the best ones out of the bunch .
 I was forced to read Hard Times for my English class . Although I was skeptical at first , this book turned out to be pretty good . Dickens manages to create an engaging story with believable characters . He definately does an excellent job satirizing England during the Industrial Revolution . This book is not perfect , but is clearly a fine work of literature . A word of CAUTION
 Coketown is `` the inner-most fortifications of that ugly citadel where Nature was as strongly bricked out as killing airs and gases were bricked in at the heart of the labyrinth of narrow courts upon courts , and close streets upon streets , which had come into existence . `` Hard Times takes place in 1854 , six years after Karl Marx first published his ideas in the Communist Manifesto . Marx revolutionized the way people looked at history . His historical science was a radically new way of looking at human history , our past , our present , and our future . Marxist themes are plentiful in Hard Times , everything from the Bourgeoisie to the Proletariat are represented in this account of the industrial revolution.Dickens provides an excellent portrayal of real-life people faced with hard times amidst an economic boom . This is a touching story , giving names and faces to the people who are creating , being replaced by , and being abused by the industrial revolution . The Communist Manifesto is not complete until you have read Hard Times .
 I just finished this book , it is the third of Dickens novels that I have read . It is one of his shortest so it was easy to get through reading it in a decent amount of time . I enjoyed the characters he introduced , but I found myself getting a tad bit lost in some of his phraseology trying to figure out what was being said and understand exactly what was going on . Perhaps not everyone will enjoy this novel of Dickens , but the one thing I do like about Dickens is you ca n't breeze through any of his novels without putting some effort into concentrating on what is being said-or else you get lost ! This being said , It is n't the most light hearted of his novels , but If you enjoy reading Dickens , you will most likely like reading this one , too , even if it is n't necessarily his best one .
 I read this book later than I read novels such as Great Expecatations and David Copperfield , but I do n't remember it as well . Hard Times is a fine novel - short , often miserable -LRB- but that 's the reason why this novel is so important -RRB- , but with a good message . It 's also an effective satire that actually does have its moments of humor as well as pathos -LRB- such as when Stephen Blackpool dies -RRB- . I do recommend it , but as good as a book it is , it 'll never be one of my favorite Dickens novels .
 This is a gem and for those readers out there who are tempted to try Dickens , then , apart from A Christmas Carol , this is the only book by him that can be read in a day -LRB- unless you are an insomniac -RRB- . I have - like many of the other reviewers I am sure - read every one of Dickens ' works including the unfinished Mystery of Edwin Drood . For sheer brilliance , Pickwick Papers , David Copperfield , Bleak House and in my opinion Little Dorrit . But for something transcending literature - a deep social and political commentary - try Hard Times . Plus you wo n't grow old trying to finish it as it 's about 300 pages -LRB- 220 in somew versions -RRB- .
 Dickens has an incredible energy that , after putting away a few dull contemporary novels , should be immeadiately striking to anyone . And with the wonderfully satirical opening of Hard Times , `` Now , what I want is , Facts ... '' he continues to begin a book better than anyone . That energy does not dissapate as the novel progresses.Hard Times is set in the industrial but fictional Coketown . Its central point of concern is a certain ultilitarian/Victorian sensibility , a point of view that reduces everthing to rationality . This reaches is most tragic moment when a father must watch her daughter literally crushed by a `` economical '' marriage that he encouraged . Rationality also dictates the divisions of labor and class , that become dehumanizing.But while this book is satirical , and does have a social agenda , Hard Times ca n't be reduced to that agenda . It is n't merely a collection of opinions . There is too much here for that . Characters are shamed , outcast , forced into `` sensible '' but unfulfilling lives , and commit crimes while letting others take the fall . Unlike some of our contemporary satires , Hard Times does n't just mock . There is heart and tragedy too . Further , no one , rich or poor , gets off the hook . Whether its Slackbridge the union leader and a group factory workers , or a wealthy banker , anyone who lacks humanity is shamed . Probably the richest and most aristoratic character , James Harthouse , is judged indifferently . Dickens is n't a partisan.Hard Times is the shortest Dickens novel and its brevity is a double edged sword . While one is not exhausted at its conclusion -LRB- As I was with David Copperfield -RRB- , and there are less story lines to confuse , you a do n't know the characters as well as you do with the longer novels , and the cast of characters is n't as wide . Also absent is some of the jolly or quirky characters that are Dickens staples . This accounts for why some call it a dreary novel , though I disagree.This is n't his best , and there will be some moments when you shake your head -LRB- why does everyone seem to die with perfect timing ? -RRB- but Hard Times is still great . When I criticize one of Dickens ' novels , I compare his low moments with his high ones , not to other writers . I will continue to read his novels and love their energy and wit .
 If you read Hard Times for the sole purpose of being entertained you will probably be highly disappointed . However , if you understand what was happening during this time period , you will realize that Hard Times is in reality , a long commentary . The Industrial Revolution was starting to show its down side . There was rampant poverty and disease , from the overcrowding of the cities . Children of the poor had to work long hours in unsafe factories rather than go to school . The gulf between the haves and the have-nots was very wide . The middle class was only beginning to be a distinct group.This then was the backdrop of Hard Times . Dickens is making a social and political statement . This is a statement against the mechanizing of society . It starts with Dickens repeated use of the word fact . It is facts that have meaning . Human conventions like feeling , compassion or passion have no meaning or looked down upon as an inconvienent waste of time . If a situation can not be put down on paper as in an accounting ledger it should not be considered.This is where the conflict of the book comes in . Which helps humanity more compassion or fact . Is Bounderby a better person than Blackpool ? Bounderby , who by his own admission was a self-made man . Untrue as this was he said it enough to make it his own reality . Or Blackpool , a weaver with an alcoholic wife , who was in love with another woman . Facts made Bounderby rich , compassion made Blackpool human.Louisa presents another conflict . Louisa was educated only by fact . No wonder or inquisitiveness was ever allowed . She was the perfect robot . Doing what she was told when she was told . Just another piece of the machine , however , the piece broke , emotions came out , and they broke down the wall of fact that Mr. Gradgrind had so carefully constructed . Because the feelings have finally been acknowledged things really break down . She finds that not only has she married the wrong man but also the man she did marry is a buffoon whom she can not respect nor live with.The reader is left wondering if there is no one who will not be ruined by all the worship to fact . The whelp has certainly been ruined to the point he feels no responsibility to anyone but himself . If a situation can not be used to his advantage then he has no use for it , as a matter of course , he will run when he believes he will have to take responsibility for his own actions.The gypsies have not been ruined by fact . But only because they live outside of society , they do not conform to the rules of society . These are the people who value character over social status . The gypsies do not value Bounderby and Bitzer with all their pomp and egomania . Rather they value Stephen Blackpool and Cecilia whom can show compassion and kindness no matter a person 's station in life.Hard Times can be used to look at today 's society . Are we , as a society more worried about our computers , cell phones , faxes , and other gadgets than our neighbor 's well being ? Do we only get involved to help others when there is a personal benefit ? Or , are we like the gypsies who can look into the character of the person and not worry about the socio-economic status ? While Dickens ' wrote Hard Times about 19th century England the moral can easily fit into 21st century America
 Charles Dickens visited Preston during a strike . So , this book is written largely based on his observations . People tend to go from one extreme to the other on this one . They tend to either really like it , or really dislike it . While it lacks the artful improvisation of some of his works like `` The Pickwick Papers , '' `` David Copperfield , '' or `` Our Mutual Friend , '' it is good in a different way . Right away , we meet Thomas Gradgrind who thinks that FACTS are the answers to all the questions in life . While he may seem harsh and brutal , he does have a conscience , and he honestly believes in what he does . We then meet Sissy Jupe and Bounderby . Sissy Jupe is pretty much the opposite of Thomas Gradgrind . She is one who hangs onto sentiment and hope . Bounderby on the other hand is the more dark and extreme version of Gradgrind . -LRB- Though it is hard to hate Bounderby because we can see the society that created him . -RRB- Through clever wording , Dickens describes the darkness and sadness of the area . Interestingly , the dark Bounderby has one notable redeeming feature . He is good to his housekeeper Mrs. Sparsit . We later meet Stephen Blackpool who has worked 12 years in Bounderby 's factory . He is a good honest man who suffers because he can not go along with any extreme . He loves a woman named Rachel , but he is already married . -LRB- And of course the marriage is not a happy one . -RRB- Stephen then has a dream that foreshadows his fate . One of the most disturbing events of the book then takes place . Under her father 's advice , the 20 year old Louisa agrees to marry the 50 year old Bounderby . -LRB- Charles Dickens could have hardly known that some time later he would marry the young Ellen Ternan , but we wo n't go there . -RRB- Later , we learn that Slackbridge is stirring up a mutiny in the factory and poor Stephen Blackpool is cast out because he will not join . And even Bounderby will not help poor Stephen . -LRB- What a situation ! -RRB- Louisa -LRB- now Mrs. Bounderby -RRB- gives Stephen some money to help him , but Tom Jr knows that he can probably use Stephen 's slowness to his advantage . James Harthouse starts to grow close to Louisa , and we can see the tension rising . The bank is then robbed , and poor Stephen Blackpool is suspected , but it does n't take much for us to know who really did it . Interestingly , Mrs. Sparsit -LRB- Bounderby 's servant -RRB- continues to use Louisa 's maiden name . Louisa knows that her brother probably robbed the bank , but she can not bring herself to tell . The tension between Bounderby and Louisa begins to increase , and we can guess that the marriage does not have much longer . In a well written chapter Louisa has an emotional breakdown due to her upbringing , and the good in Thomas Gradgrind starts to show . His intentions were good , but he realizes he was wrong . -LRB- Thomas Gradgrind is not exactly a Murderstone or a Uriah Heep . -RRB- In a rage , Bounderby ships Louisa 's stuff back to her father 's , and we can see the marriage is over . But there is more to come . Stephen Blackpool is still suspected of robbing the bank , and fleeing did not help the situation . He makes his way back to proclaim his innocence , and he has a fatal accident . Poor Thomas realizes that his son robbed the bank . And in a moment of irony , the circus -LRB- that Gradgrind scorned so openly -RRB- is hiding his son . There is a brief and tragic reunion , and Thomas Jr is sent out of the country where he can hide in safety . And if it 's any small consolation prize to Mr. Gradgrind , Thomas Jr does mend his ways . While the book does not exactly end in utter happiness , the characters do grow in a sense , so it does not end in utter sadness either .
 I 'm surprised by all the two and three-star reviews appearing on this site . For me , `` Hard Times '' was enjoyable right from the start and memorable long after . The writing is evocative and fluid , and although it can be easy to get lost due to some of the anachronisms in Dickens ' writing , in general the writing is excellent . The characters , while not subtle -LRB- it 's pretty easy to sum them up in a few words -RRB- are all memorable and tug on the heartstrings quite a bit . Sissy , Mr. Gradgrind , Mr. Bounderby , Stephen , Tom , and Louisa are great characters -LRB- and just because they 're easily defined , they are no less human or believable -RRB- . Finally , the story itself is a bit sobering -LRB- as it was intended to be -RRB- but it 's also very human and shows the possibilities of redemption quite nicely.In short , `` Hard Times '' is excellent . I 'd recommend it to any fan of Dickens or just anybody who likes good literature .
 I love the ending of this novel by Dickens when he says : `` Dear reader ! It rests with you and me , whether , in our two fields of action , similar things shall be or not . Let them be ! We shall sit with lighter bosoms on the hearth , to see the ashes of our fires turn cold and grey . `` This novel is all about what one would think of as a dreary life in a north England mill town -LRB- fictitiously -RRB- called Coketown . It is named after the seemingly endless plumes of thick coal smoke being emitted from many different mills in this small lifeless town . But true to Dickens style he gives us a delightful set of characters that we can love or hate but who keep us entertained through a quick read of about 300 pages.There is method in the madness , in that Dickens tries to push us in the direction of accepting that fate was not preordained for these folks and they could choose a better life if they so desired . He includes many biblical references and references to the mid 1800 culture to keep it all upbeat and entertaining.I was expecting a more depressing plot to reflect the title `` Hard Times '' , but in many ways it is good times for some of the characters , and as Dickens says at the end that he can hope for a positive outcome for their lives - the precise details of which he leaves us guessing.Entertaining 5 star read at a bargain price by a wonderful author .
 ... of English literature ? I read `` Hard Times '' -- the 1969 Penguin Classics edition , which I still own and which is still intact -- roughly 40 years ago , in the midst of a Dickens binge , and I 'm surprised to find that the humor in it has gotten angrier from aging on my book shelf . The anger has a lot of targets
 A book called `` Hard Times '' does n't sound like the type of book you 'd pick up for some light , cheerful reading , but you should n't judge a book by its cover - or its title either . `` Hard Times '' certainly deals with a difficult subject , but thanks to the genius of Dickens , it never becomes unbearably depressing.At the centre of the novel are the upheavals of the mid-1800s that changed the world forever
 To write an outline of Hard Times or Dickens ' work would not be necessary . His writing has withstood the test of time , and is well know . To give encouragement to would-be Dickens ' readers and Hard Times readers does seem like time well spent.Hard Times ventures from other Dickens ' books in the writing style lending a departure from Dickens ' previous descriptive formats . In this particular book , Dickens lends skill , imagination , and panache to English language usage . He breathes life in to the language of the novel , and he remains a master of dramatic setting and story line . When people say , `` Read good books , it will rub off on you . '' Hard Times comes first to my mind . Therefore , a reason to read Hard Times would be to improve your own reading and writing.I admit some of the character 's lives are depressing . When I looked back upon the entire book , and wondered if Hard Times would differ if set in present day with cell phones , PDAs , the Internet , electricity , airplanes , automobiles , and so many distractions . My guess would be - probably not . Would Louisa Gradgrind 's life have taken a different course if she were living in today 's world ? My guess would be , perhaps , a slight shift on her circumstances , and , again , probably not . Dickens ' charms include being able to put his finger on a character type and bring it to life . This is why I 'd call certain present day figures , `` A Mr. Bounderby '' or `` A Gradgrind '' . The Whelp or Tom Gradgrind remains alive and kicking ; I 've met him.My recommendation
 Although not one of his more popular novels , Charles Dickens ' Hard Times still stands as a classic among classics . Carrying on with his highly prolific writing style , this novel is a bit more bleak than his other renown works , but enjoyable from the start , especially with Dickens ' excellent choice of character naming.Suitable for most ages , this classic should not be passed up . And with the Norton annotations and notes , this edition will help readers understand better the context in which the author writes in .
 Book was in excellent condition and service was excellent . It 's not the seller 's fault that the book is boring .
 This audio rendition of Charles Dickens Hard Times features the renowned voiced of Paul Scolfeild , distinguished British actor . I found the narration to be very well done and it helped me get into the story but I have to say that I did not find the story to be a classic . There is not too much depth to the characters and the pace of the story seems to go too fast . All in all a decent book , perhaps worth while listening to it , but not one of the greats of world literature .
 I got it used for a great price , all the CDs worked , the narrator is crisp and sharp just like the text -- what exactly is the essence of a horse , a simple collection of ...
 For my English class , I read Charles Dickens ' `` Hard Times . '' I chose this book because I have read several of Dickens ' works , and I have enjoyed them . I find his works good , thought-provoking books that are free of cuss words , violence , and lusts . I think this book was a realistic account of what life was like in the early nineteen hundreds . I was glad that Mr. Gragrind came around in his thinking and realized it is okay to have fun . I am also glad of how the book ended . I was glad to see that justice was preserved . Overall , I think this is a good book , and I would suggest that you read it . I enjoyed it .
 I liked the service and it got here very quickly , but the book itself really needs to be laminated almost if you actually want to use it , otherwise it looks very used , very soon .
 Considered by 19th century critics to be one of Dickens ' more artistic and literary triumphs , Hard Times can be viewed in present time as a blistering polemic against the rise of industrial society and the dominate philosophy that rose in tandem with the industrial age , utilitarianismIt is well known that Dickens was a chronicler of his times , and his mode of expression , the novel . An intensely emotional individual , Dickens was known to be a power walker , starting in the afternoon , covering miles , to return home just before sunrise . It was during these extensive walks that he witnessed the utter poverty and squalor scattered throughout the streets of London . These walks brought inspiration for many of his novels , particularly , Hard Times.In this novel , Dickens explores the applications of utilitarianism in its highly rational , and in many ways , brutal forms . The novels general theme is that a philosophy that is only concerned with happiness and survival for the majority , will attempt to quash any and all individual thought and effort . Individual ideas , emotion , imagination and creativity must be ruthlessly rejected in order for the majority of people to think alike , work alike and behave alike to attain a status quo of happiness for all . Rationality must prevail because imagination promotes individuality , which is anathema to mob concerns.This polemic against utilitarianism is expressed clearly and persuasively in the practice of education . In the opening chapter for example , ` The One Thing Needful '' , the reader is introduced to this dictatorial emphasis on the rational : `` Now , what I want is , Facts . Teach these boys and girls nothing but facts . Facts alone are wanted in life . Plant nothing else , and root out everything else . You can only form the minds of reasoning animals upon Facts
 A most interesting book , and not the `` downer '' one might expect from the title . The story begins with the issue of what might happen to children raised in a setting where the non-logical human qualities are repressed . This is blended in with the relationship dynamics of those who own the factories and those who make the factories actually produce something to sell . Further , related issues are added . These various topics are intermingled in a moving story .
 Despite the explicit title , `` Hard Times '' is not so much an ode to poverty and misery as it is a commentary on the increasing impact of industrialization on the fragmentation of society and on the dehumanization of education . The result , as Dickens implies , leads to lives hollowed by the emptiness of work for work 's sake and wealth for wealth 's sake.The setting is Coketown , a factory town befouled by industrial smog and populated by underpaid and undereducated laborers . The novel 's most prominent character is one of the town 's richest citizens , Josiah Bounderby , a pompous blowhard who owns a textile mill and a bank and whose conversation usually includes some boastful story about his impoverished childhood and the hard work that led to his present fortune.Bounderby is the commercial projection of Thomas Gradgrind , a local schoolteacher and an extraordinarily pragmatic man who instills in his students and his own children the importance of memorizing facts and figures and the iniquity of indulging in entertaining activities . Gradgrind offers to Bounderby his son , Tom Jr. , as an unwilling apprentice , and his daughter , Louisa , as an unwilling bride.On the other end of the town 's social scale is Stephen Blackpool , a simple , downcast man who works as a weaver at Bounderby 's mill and slogs through life misunderstood and mistreated . When he refuses to join his fellow workers in a labor uprising , he is ostracized ; when he criticizes the economic disparity between Bounderby and the workers , he is fired and forced to leave town ; when Bounderby 's bank is robbed one night , he is suspected as the thief . So halfway through the novel , Dickens grants his reader an interesting , albeit somewhat contrived , plot element to embellish the narrative.If this novel contains a ray of sunshine , it is in Sissy Jupe , a girl abandoned by her father and adopted by Gradgrind , whose oppressive educational method nearly breaks her . However , she grows up with her own intuitive sense of propriety , which she uses as a tool to eject a dishonorable character from the novel . Her strong and independent spirit will allow her to do much better in life than Louisa , who withers away in an unhappy marriage , and Tom Jr. , whose boredom renders him vulnerable to temptations.Compared to his other novels , `` Hard Times '' is relatively short and straightforward and has few characters , as though Dickens felt that what he had to say was so important , it had to be said quickly and bluntly . He is less interested in realism than in making a point , and it 's really the poetic power of his prose that enables him to get away with the overbearing sentimentality and often ridiculous caricatures that accompany his poignant human truths .
 Some critics go so far as to say this is not an important part of Dickens . In my opinion this is a serious error . If anything , this is one of his best creations . The characters are plausible . In addition , the passages are dramatic and chilling . Dickens also fills this work with suspense , powerful images , and dramatic irony . Not one page is wasted . Do n't let the thin length of this book fool you . This is a phenomenal masterpiece in every sense of the word .
 As a previous writer said , this is probably not the easiest Dickens novel to read , as it lacks the charm and appeal of the more popular works like Oliver Twist and David Copperfield , but it still occupies an important place in Dickens 's oeuvre . It is basically an expose of the evils of the unrestrained capitalism of the period , as Dickens portrays the lives of the poor who are held captive , oppressed , and ultimately crushed by it.In this book , although it speaks mostly from the oppressed working class and lower middle class , characters from all walks of society mingle . Although Dickens describes the dismal and oppressive working conditions of the time , the economic realities really take a back seat to the intimate story of the families , and of their trials and tribulations and failures.Fallen , old-family aristocrats like Mrs. Sparsit serve crass , nouveau-riche boors like Mr. Bounderby , whom she despises , and criminals and even circus people have important roles , such as in the case of Sissy Jupe , the daughter of a clown . The characters , however , are n't formulaic stereotypes but are real people who love , hate , make mistakes , fail , and live to regret and apologize for their mistakes.The novel takes place during the second phase in the industrial revolution which led to the development of the power loom . One of the main characters , Stephen Blackpool , is a power loom operator , and the new productivity of this device put many formerly skilled , manual loom operators out of work , further worsening an already bad unemployment situation.Gandgrind , the schoolteacher , is a rationalist representing the 18th century enlightenment ideals , and his philosophy of `` fact '' is shown to be a loveless and dispiriting sham . His views are ridiculed by Dickens , and his daughter ultimately rebels . In a sense , the novel is as much about the false and destructive ideals and beliefs of many of the main characters as it is about the economic vicissitudes of the time.Dickens 's stories about the conditions in the factories and the lives of the workers were an important influence in changing things for the better . Eventually , England passed laws restricting child labor -LRB- to 11 hours a day -RRB- , redistricting the so-called `` rotten bourroughs '' -LRB- whose seats in Parliament were sold by the wealthy landowners -RRB- , and chattel slavery was abolished in the early 1830s , although economic slavery continued to exist in the form that Dickens depicts it in this novel . Laws were passed that did n't limit election to Parliament to landowners , and the stage was set for a fairer representation of the worker 's interests.The Chartist labor movement attempted to obtain justice by smashing the looms and machines , but it ultimately failed to achieve its goals . The later labor movement was more successful in calling attention to the plight of the workers and in creating badly needed changes.By the way , an odd piece of trivia on Dickens that I read once . Just as today , back in Dickens 's time even otherwise intelligent people believed in all sorts of pseudoscience . One of these was the supposed effects of magnetic fields on biological organisms , which still persists today . It was thought that if one slept with one 's body aligned with the earth 's magnetic field , that one would reap significant health benefits . When Dickens came to America to go on a speaking tour , the maids who came into his hotel rooms were surprised to find that he had completely rearranged the furniture so he could align the bed north and south with the magnetic field . Dickens kept a pocket compass with him so he could do just that.Unfortunately , there is no basis for such a claim although speculation about the health benefits of magnetic fields persists today . Also unfortunately for Dickens , it 's too bad that there were no real positive health effects , otherwise he might have lived longer -- his exhausting speaking tour wore him out and he became ill and died soon after returning to England . I 've also read that he was paid $ 100,000 for this tour -- an enormous sum of money at the time .
 Dickins was a master of satire . He routinely lampooned the social structure of his time . Hard Times deals with the philosophy of utilitarianism . You can enjoy this book without any history lesson but for full effect read a little about Jeremy Bentham , James Mill and his son John Stuart Mill . You will undoubtedly notice the parallels . This book savages the unthinking , uncaring effects of unchecked capitalism . I 'm no Marxist but this book is a fine arguement not just for balance in economic thinking , but in our daily lives . Enjoy .
 Here is a stunning indictment of soot-covered early Victorian England . Its relevance today though should not be underestimated . Parallels abound both here at home and the world over . Hard Times is brilliant and multifaceted . Dickens is both dreadfully serious and stingingly witty . And yes , a thorough Marxist reading is certainly possible . Dickens cared deeply about the world in which he lived and his humanity shines through in every line . This book , and all that Dickens wrote , is worthwhile if only for the beauty of the prose . Those forced to read it in school are unlikely to see its value as anyone forced to do anything against the will is going to be resentful and rejecting . Be deeply suspicious though of the reader from Madison Wisconsin , Hitler , or anyone who advises the literal trashing of books .
 This review is for the audio book narrated by Martin Jarvis . This is one of the better audio books I 've listened to in a while from the perspective of the narrator doing excellent voice characterizations . Jarvis was able to make each character sound distinct and they each sounded just like I would have imagined . Bounderby was thunderous , Tom Gradgrind sounded like a whelp , and Blackpool sounded meek and humble . It made for an enjoyable listen that made it very easy to follow the characters.I 've always been a fan of Dickens and have read most of his books , but this was my first time through `` Hard Times '' . As with most of Dickens novels , the characters are almost caricatures , but this method does a good job of pointing out human strengths and weaknesses . This is a short novel for Dickens , but still did a good job exploring the impact of what would happen if science is emphasized too much over emotional education.He once again highlighted the problems with class distinctions in English society at that time . I like how his humble characters have more wisdom than those that are rich or of high social position.I highly recommend this audio book as a great way to be introduced to Dicken 's `` Hard Times '' .
 Charles Dickens , as is his custom , slams into so-called civilized 19th century British industrial scenes in a smoky place called Coketown . He writes with a sharp knife about poverty , hunger , cruel management and lack of compassion . Humor here is on the grim side .
 This is the very best Covert-One Novel I have read to date . Action packed from the start to the end .
 Enjoyed the book and its inter connecting plots . Was a little bit slow at times but overall a good read .
 Good book ... like the story ... you never know what is going to happen . Everyone of his books is exciting to read !
 this book was not scary at all . James usually has a pretty descriptive way to kill people and this was just average
 I came late to Robert Ludlum 's novels , but I loved this one .
 The novel is action packed , well written and not to technical . This novel is a delight to read . The best part of the novel has to be the clarity of the vocabulary . I do n't need a Phd in molecular science to enjoy this book . Ludlum times this book to the word . He has intense action and miraculous plans . He paces the book like the winding roads in Monaco lots of danger and cliff hangers . I ca n't say enough about this book it is a reccomended read .
 Robert Ludlum 's Covert One Novel the Paris Option lives up to the high standards of the Ludlum Legacy . In his third book featuring Operative Colonel Jon Smith -LRB- The Hades Effect , The Cassandra Compact -RRB- ; Ludlum keeps readers on their toes with many plot changing twists and turns . In this thriller of a novel the cunning Jon Smith with the help of his old friends MI6 Agent Peter Howell , Computer Genius Marty Zellerbach , and CIA Agent Randi Russell have to stop dangerous terrorist with the powerful DNA Computer before they launch a Nuclear Attack on America . Smith and his friends follow a trail of clues to finally catch up to the terrorist for a surprise ending . This book is highly suspenseful and one of my favorite Ludlum 's yet .
 Good and fast service.Good pricesCheck out a bit confusingGood `` track product '' serviceWill use Amazon.com again.rgds .
 Robert Ludlum has always told tales that seemed light years ahead of their time , but as history has unfolded , so have the possibilities his novels have predicted . Here is another deadly plot that haunts our future in today 's war on terrorism
 The Paris Option is a solid action thriller , with the Covert-One team , led in the field by multi-talented Colonel John Smith -LRB- seen here as doctor , researcher , diplomat , agent , failed romantic , and loyal friend -RRB- . Smith teams up with his long-time CIA and MI6 colleagues and a childhood friend / electronics genius . The team moves quickly and easily from US to Europe and Northern Africa in search of terrorists who are only a front for other terrorists who are only a front for the real evil-doers . This thing has plot twists within other enigmatic plot twists . For several chapters , we dont even know which of the protangonists are dead or alive . On the downside , the Covert-One team and their camp-followers have nearly unbelievable extra-ordinary moments , seemingly ripped from the Superman cartoons . Why ca n't three poorly armed agents battle an army of trained terrorists if they have a French actress also on their side ? Why ca n't John Smith stowaway on a terrorist boat for several days with no weapons , occasionally killing a few meddlesome terrorists without being noticed ? This is a good read for the beach . Enjoy it , but do n't take it too seriously . The idea that our European allies would unite to form a second superpower and regard the US as an enemy seemed impossible until the most recent outbreak of lunacy at the United Nations .
 You 'll never expect a Ludlum novel to be a literary masterpiece , and the Paris Option is no exception . This is an all through action-packed book , with a quite interesting plot . The weak point of the book , however , is that some of the characthers are quite silly and uninteresting .
 I read a lot of covert One books if they are true to life , even though fiction.I also read a lot of war History .
 I finally bought my first Ludlum book , it ended up to be written by Lynds but it 's no problem . . she 's got skills . What I love about this book is the rhythm , it 's so fast , the story is very entertaining , it 's all about action and the characters are good . But on one thing I have to agree with the critics
 Of the people who dont like this book , how many of them have read the first two in the series ?
 Wow ! Again I am very happy that I do not read the reviews before I read the novel . Of the 38 reviews 23 gave the book a bad rating -LRB- 1-2 stars -RRB- . I on the other hand gave it 4 stars . I have given all 3 books in this covert 1 series 4 stars . After skimming over a few of the reviews I realize how lucky I am . With every book I read I try to have a very open mind . So what if the truth is exaggerated . DNA COMPUTER ! That is the basis of this book and If it gets too technical then I just skip over that section which usually is small.The book grabbed my attention immidiately and never waned . Our hero again is Lt. Col. Jon Smith , MD. . My wife is in the medical field and I was in a Navy hosiptal for quite awhile and never have I met a Doc like this Smith . Not only is he a top research doc but a super James Bond hero type . But , that does not stop me from enjoying the book . There are 3 more heroes and one of them is his nerd buddy from childhood days , Marty . The other two are Randi from the CIA who is also his sister-in-law and his old buddy from MI6 Peter Howell . The 4 of them make an interesting team.Marty was working on the DNA computer with the genius DR. Chambord at the Pasteur Institute in Paris when there was a huge explosion . Marty is injured but he makes it okay in time to join the other 3 in their search for who did it and what happened to the computer . A number of twists and turns happen such as Chambord 's daughter gets kidnapped . I thoroughly enjoyed this book and I hope you do too .
 Fast paced . Good plot line . Sometimes hard to keep up with all the names . I remember characters from previous novel so I enjoyed going through another adventure with them . Ludlum , as usual , keeps you on the edge of your seat . I would recommend it .
 The last few years I have been picking up 2nd hand Ludlum 's at a local bookstore , and have a few ` Covert-One ' books as well . Since I have never read much Ludlum I have no prior opinion as to what comprises his books.The first thing to realize with the Covert-One books is that someone other than Ludlum wrote them . That would seem elementary with many answering , ` tell me something new ' . I just think that needs to stated , possibly even restated , as many reviews want to grade the Covert-One series as though Robert Ludlum wrote them , which as most of us know , he did not . Whether the authors who write the Covert-One series are actually following a Ludlum template , or writing free style , making the plot up as they go , is beyond my knowledge and beyond my interest.This present book , THE PARIS OPTION , I found to be very readable , a book that causes one to continue reading as I have been doing for the last few nights . I find nothing amiss in the plot nor with the characters , and whether it is a DNA or molecular computer I could care less , as the plot assumes a super computer with carbon as its base rather than silicone . Such a computer can over ride or take over lesser computers . Does such a computer exist ? I do n't know , but it is scary to think so , unless you have ownership of it.I feel as Thomas Jefferson that `` I can not live without books '' , however , I will not tolerate a poorly written book nor will I continue reading a book that is boring , this book , THE PARIS OPTION , is neither poorly written nor boring . In fact I greatly enjoyed it.Anyone stating an opinion that this is not a Robert Ludlum book is only stating the obvious . Of course the Covert-One series is not by Ludlum , but stands very well as a good read on its own . As far as ` using ' his name , that is what the Ludlum estate wants , so there is no crime in that either . From what I have seen , both at the local library and here on Amazon , reader interest seems very high with all these books.So for those that are die hard Ludlum fans , I suggest reading only books you are certain he wrote , while for those others of us that look for only an interesting tale , regardless of author , then I suggest these books on Covert-One can be both worthwhile and interesting reads.Semper Fi .
 I 'm beginning to think that this book has gotten so many negative reviews because the reviewers have decided in advance to resent anything Ludlum coauthored with anyone . If you respect the man 's other work , then let 's respect his decision to collaborate on whatever level it worked out to be with Lynds , and give the Paris Option and the series a chance.The Paris Option was , in my mind , even better than the two earlier ones and a heck of a lot better than a lot of Ludlum 's standalones , particularly from 1992 to 2000 . Many of them were tedious , painfully overwritten , almost unreadable.This book reads fast , is highly suspenseful , and I learned a lot along the way . Obviously a lot of research went into the authors ' creation of the molecular -LRB- or DNA -RRB- computer . We 're going to see one in maybe twenty years , but in this novel we get quantum physics on an understandable and exciting level . I do n't know anyone who 's written so convincingly about a DNA computer.Plus , there 's the growing political and economic conflicts between the United States and the European Union . Again , Paris Option delivers . Political suspense at its best . Yes , of course , the world is in serious danger in this book . This is not just a spy thriller , it 's a political thriller ... a THRILLER . If you want something small and intimate to be the source of conflict , go read one of the wonderful so-called literary books that are out there.One of my favorite aspects of a Ludlum novel is the intricate intrigue he creates . I do n't know how much of this is Ludlum , and how much is Lynds , but it 's one heck of a terrific entwining of villains and maybe-villains . One group of terrorists seems to be behind everything , then ... no ! It 's another group . Finally , the heroes figure out it 's another party . And mind you , the clues are there all along . The authors play fair . When each twist happens , you feel as if you should 've spotted it . For someone who usually does , I was really happy . It 's no fun if you figure out everything in advance.And finally , I found the supporting cast ... Peter , Marty , and Randi to be fresh and unusual . Interesting . They 're tough , and fun , and they talk like real people . They have moments of black humor . There are times when they 're on top of everything , and other times when they fail -- both individually and as a group . You stick with them because you know they 're in there pitching , and you hope and hope that they 'll triumph in the end . They make a great counterpoint to the seriousness of the hero.And one final thought about who actually wrote and who actually outlined and who actually edited ... or whatever else one wants to complain about . If Lynds did it all , more power to her . If it was a collaboration based on outline and notes left behind after Ludlum 's death , more power to both of them . I 've heard that the way the two men who created Ellery Queen collaborated was that one wrote the outline and the other one wrote the book . They grew to detest one another and never met unless they had to . Nevertheless , that 's a respected `` collaboration . '' Let 's get off our thrones and quit judging.Personally , I 'm going to give Lynds 's books a try .
 THE SETUPEmile Chambord , a French scientist has developed a DNA-based computer , with the help of Aspberger-syndrome afflicted Marty Zellerbach . The lab explodes , presumably killing Chambord and leaving Marty in a coma . Coincidentally , John Smith -LRB- Marty 's childhood friend -RRB- , the antagonist , a medical doctor and U.S. Army Lieutenant Colonel , is also working on DNA-based computers . Smith happens to be an agent for Covert One -LRB- essentially the U.S. President private espionage agency -RRB- and is sent to investigate . He is ultimately joined by his almost-sister-inlaw CIA agent Randi Russell and semi-retired MI-6 agent Peter Howell . Thats the setup.CRITIQUEAlthough some of the premises strain credulity , these are easily forgiven in the spirit of `` suspension of disbelief '' . VERDICT `` The Paris Option '' is an unrelentingly fast-paced , captivating suspense novel filled with intrigue and populated by interesting characters . A page turner which keeps you on the edge of your seat .
 another solid 4 for the covert one series , enjoyable , non stop action , a fun thriller , nonthing more , nothing less , worth checking out , imo .
 John F. Mullins is known to some of you from the Soldier of Fortune game . He 's written a book that will keep you turning the pages , and since he was a member of a U.S. Army Special Forces unit himself during the Vietnam War , he actually knows what he 's talking about.Napalm Dreams is the first in a series that will follow these men from the final months of the Vietnam War until present day . I 'm really looking forward to the rest of the series.He writes with a great ability to make you feel as if you are experiencing every moment of the action . You 'll be on the edge of your seat.He also has a great sense of humor ! If you read Tom Clancy , Dale Brown , W.E.B. Griffin or other writers of military fiction , you will love this book.Highly recommend this one !
 Napalm Dreams is one of the best if not THE best Vietnam novel I have read . And having served in the Army at the end of that war , has always been an interest of mine . The characters are real people , well-developed , and completely realistic in their thoughts , speech , and actions.Once I got started reading , it was extremely difficult to stop until I had completed the book . I like the author 's writing enough that I now have the next book in Mulllins ' Men of Valor series , and look forward to getting started it .
 Gail Pursell Elliott 's `` School Mobbing and Emotional Abuse '' is so effective because it addresses the real cause of bullying . Once the heart of the problem is understood , Elliott then gives proven strategies that teach children not to engage in bullying behaviors . They gain a richer understanding of themselves and this leads to an acceptance and new-found tolerance of others . This book is important for anyone working with children and youth .
 I love this book and its timely message for improving the quality of relationships in schools . In `` School Mobbing and Emotional Abuse , '' Gail Pursell Elliott addresses the 800 pound gorilla in the classroom and the playground
 At times I found myself holding my breath while reading this suspenseful fiction of the past . I was surprised to find myself so engrossed in such a timeless tale !
 Tess Durbeyfield is an outstanding character that overcomes several obstacles to find where she is trully from . She leaves her home to discover if she is a part of the weathly family-the D'Urbervilles . She does come across a distant cousin by the name of Alec . As the two get to know each other , Alec takes advantage of the young dame . Tess then leaves and find work . She finds work on a dairy . A young man by the name of Angel Clare grows quite fond of the young Tess . They both grow to love each other . As the book continues , Tess and Alec re-unite ; but , she commits a crime to return to her true love-Angel . This is a wonderful novel of the heroine Tess and her fight through the early society of men dominance .
 This is a rather difficult book to read and complete , speaking of the dull parts , but all in all , this is the tragic and touching tale of truth and hate . Racism against the ones you love , and moreover , why the truth hurts . A hard analysis on every human beings hating because others hate . Peer pressure and upbringings clash and combine in this powerful classic .
 The most well known Thomas Hardy novel , is also the hardest to read . His writing sways back and forth , keeping you perk and alert , trying to understand what 's going on . I had to keep on flipping back to see what I had missed . As long as you understand this book , you will like it . From any other point , if you do n't like the typical average classic , this one will addict you.Even after I finished reading the last page of this book , I was still thinking
 I do n't understand why everyone else who wrote a review did n't like this book . It 's one of the weirdest yet greatest books I 've read . It 's up there in the pile with Jane Eyre ! From my point of view , the majority of people who wrote a review where FORCED to read the book in school , and people do n't like to be ordered around . I picked this book out myself at a bookstore and thank myself for doing that , it was a last minute decision to buy this book . What teachers should do is recommend books , not make students read them , it kills the interest in a book . This was a nice blend of tragic and weakness . Usually a book has a fierce female fighting the mean , crude , bad man . But this book was different , being a weak girl and innocent man , and being different is just like thinking differently , and that 's good .
 This was a very chilling and creepy book to read , I highly enjoyed it and recommended it . It came as such a great surprise that this book , written decades ago , is comparabely as scary as Stephen King novels , but more wicked -LRB- and rather a bit more difficult of a task to read -RRB- . Through circumstances and the evil of others , the young just prior nymph Tess Durverfield , suffers a series of tragedies . A victim of innocence , youth , beauty , and love . THIS WAS GREAT !
 Tess Durberville/Durberfield is your average victim of Hardy 's female `` heroines '' . In this case , the female is a poor old beauty that is somewhat of a goody-goody girl . But because of her innocence and little contact with other humans , she is seduced and ultimatly raped by a distant relative , something that drags her into the pits of life and kills her in the end.I personally thought this book was difficult -LRB- had a hard time grasping what exactly happened while Tess was `` seduced '' and where she was `` seduced -RRB- . Unlike most classics , this book was very hard to put down .
 Tess is a very difficult book and I would not recommend it to the average old contemporary reader . There is so much more meaning behind the birth of the rapist 's child , and the break-up of Tess and her `` husband '' Angel . You have to read the fine-lines and `` footnotes '' . In other words , there is absolutely no way you could relate to this book , and anyways ... why would you want to relate to books ? The experiences Tess goes throught at such an early age has scarred her for life . Well , she does n't live much of a life now that you think about it .
 As the synoposis says
 When Tess and her one-day husband confess to each other their deepest and darkest secrets , it unleashes a past Tess has survived through that disgusts and turns-off her husband , Angel , which leads them to live separate lives . TESS OF THE DURBERVILLES has to be one of the most honest and candid literary novels out there yet to be printed .
 I read this classic nearly 50 years ago in an English literature class . I still remember the passion and pathos of the prose . I am reading it again -- this time on Kindle .
 This is one my favorite books ! I read it in high school and it really touched me . I read it again recently , and loved it even more . This is one of those stories that will haunt you ... but in a good way . You will find yourself analyzing this book in your mind long after you 've read it thinking about the various situations and how they could have been different . This book is sad , depressing , and heartbreaking , but absolutely beautiful !
 A beautifully written , dark masterpiece about an unforgetable Victorian girl . Her father discovers he is descended from aristocracy and drinks himself into a stupor , unable to fulfill his obligations . Tess takes his place and , through a series of misfortunes , is sent away to rich ` relatives ' with the hope of getting financial assistance for her family . She meets a rogue at the mansion , and is taken in by him in so many ways . Fast forward . She meets another man and falls in love . Through their tragic love story , much is discovered about the morality , rules , and expectations of Victorian society.Thomas Hardy has brought to life amazing characters in this work , and he has conceived a story which will embed themselves into the psyche as one contemplates this work again and again . It 's a beautiful love story , and so much more . Highly recommended !
 I read this book because one of the young ladies I mentored felt like she needed someone to sympathize through her work with her . She was reading this while going through a terrible time at home , and while I was counseling her the best I could from the Internet , I read this book at home . I read it along with her , and let her know what I was enjoying or not enjoying about the book.And I found that I was enjoying far more than anticipated . A brilliant tale of the constant penalties Tess must pay in her life for being exactly who she is .
 i first read this book at 16 years old and i will not soon forget it . any book a child remembers is well worth it .
 This is one of my favourite books . It is so beautifully written that even through the frustrations and hardships the heroine faces , you are drawn on by the power of the language and the force of the story . Hardy was trying to make an important point in the writing of this story , and while such a tale seems unimaginable in today 's world , it nevertheless resonates , particularly with women . Shocking in it 's day , Hardy 's efforts were felt . Tess is a provocative look at the plight of the 19th century woman , unnaturally naive to a world run by world-wise men . I 'm not sure I 've ever recovered from this book , and it has been a powerful influence in my own work.But yes , it 's always wise to read the forward and preface LAST in any book , particularly literature .
 A MUST READ ! Although I was originally recommended this story alongside The Scarlet Letter on a reading list , other than the theme of love and extramarital pregnancy , Tess exceeds in every way . My favorite aspect is that it is intricately woven with complex characters that make the reader question whether they should love , pity , or hate each -LRB- or all of the above -RRB- . And I love that the story is complete ... almost a series of stories following Tess , flowing from one stage of her life to the next . I ca n't go too in depth with this review without giving away important details I think you 'll enjoy discovering along the way . All I can do is recommend that every read Tess of the d'Urbervilles at least once ! Or in my case going on my 9th time so far . lol -RRB-
 This book is one classic I had been looking forward to reading this summer . It was a good book in the end , but I did have a little trouble really getting into it . Once I did get it started I wanted to keep reading to see what Tess would do next . I would recommend that people read this book , but keep in mind it is a classic !
 No happy fairy tale happy ending here . Hardy 's novel must have been quite scandalous back when it was written for its treatment of a taboo subject . Things inevitably go from bad to worse . I typically adore tragedy but I found even myself desirous of untroubled ending , but it was not to be .
 * The following may contain many spoilers * Thomas Hardy 's Tess of the d'Urbervilles was an amazing novel . The language was full of beautiful imagery and the characters were unforgettable . Hardy 's use of birds and colors as symbolism provide a vivid picture of the novel . Tess 's story is compelling , tragic , and beautiful . Despite the difficult language , once one begins to catch the flow of the novel , it is almost impossible to put the book down.Tess of the d'Urbervilles is the tragedy about a young maiden who is seduced/raped by an incorrigible Alec Stoke-d'Urberville . Her life from there only becomes worse . She falls in love with Angel Clare , who does not know her secret , so their relationship is doomed from the start . Circumstances and human nature drives the innocent Tess to unspeakable bounds , finally leading up to a murder and an execution . Like a bird , Tess has unknowingly flown too high and tragically falls from grace . She is the 19th century version of Eve . Hardy 's subtle yet profound allusions to the Bible , more specifically Genesis , can not be mistaken.This novel is one that should , or must , be read by all . It is a grand tale about love , fate , and the human condition . Tess of the d'Urbervilles is a classic novel because it never goes out of style .
 Even though the length of this book is very long , it was one of the most compelling books I have read . You are taken back in time to the 1800 's and how life was lived , the wealthy and the poor . Tess is accepting of her life of poverty but her Father wants more.He wants the life that goes with the surname so sends Tess off to meet and marry one of the d'Urbervilles so his dreams might come true . She was very innocent when it came to dealing with the aristocracy and became pregnant . She returned home , much to her Mother and Dad 's disappointment and spent a great part of the rest of her life by feeling like a failure . She left home and then came the dealing with a difficult reality of numerous jobs and people who would take advantage of her.The characters in this book are memorable and you will become part of Tess 's life . A wonderful work by Thomas Hardy .
 Sad , sad story of love and faithful waiting for a quite undeserved husband for his return . This is the love of the nineteen century .
 I had no idea what emotional roller coaster I was in for with this story . The story is told very well and the characters are rich with emotion , motivation , and strength . I do n't want to give the story away , but it is a must read if you like classic English authors .
 I found the book to be a little wordy , with Thomas Hardy 's elaborate descriptions , but the story was a page turner from beginning to end .
 A sad tale for anyone to read - for a feminist like myself , it was heartbreaking . A classic tale of women 's suffering and the unfortunate things that happened before women 's rights were liberated . Amazingly written , another triumph for Thomas Hardy .
 I 'm not going to write a long , flowery review . I will merely say I loved this book . I read it many years ago in school and it moved me in a way a book never had before . This book changed me from a kid that had to read , into a kid that loved to read .
 I can not believe I waited so long to read this fantastic and fabulous novel ! Without a doubt , this is the most probing and moving novel I have ever read in my entire life . It hit areas of my heart and mind as no other book ever has , especially in terms of being a woman . It was never required reading in any area of my schooling , even college . Yet as a former administrator , grade advisor , and mentor in a private school , I now realize that many of the students were required to read this book , but I never thought of reading it to discuss it with them ; what a mistake . Had I known , this book would have been an invaluable tool for bringing out the horrors of the double standard.Every man , woman and child alive should read this book to find out the true sentiments of a woman who is brutalized sexually and mentally and shunned , not only by the man in question , but by the community , her family , the clergy , and ultimately , the man who claims to love her . How she deals with a `` shame '' that has been thrust upon her is crushing , and brings to mind that even in this 21st century , the double standard has not changed one iota , not even in the biggest of cities , regardless of what we see and hear in books , films and music . Go into any neighborhood , in any town , and in any city , and we see that this still exists . Tess of the d'Ubervilles walks among us even today , for she is still whispered about .
 A very good story once you get used to the old English language . Learned a lot about life in Victorian England and the double standard for men and women . Glad I read it .
 Not being a particular fan of some of the current trends in fiction , I 've decided to read through the classics this summer . If I had bothered to read what this book was about , I probably would n't have started with this one . It was wonderfully written , compelling story telling . It was also incredibly sad . I spent the whole time rooting for the heroine and , if you 've read the book , you know exactly how that turned out . Now to find a classic novel without a depressing ending .
 tom hrdy was a `` wimp '' . He wrote with aauthenticity `` Tess of The D'Urbervilles '' . The English aristocrats did n't want to read about their lack of morals in print . They covered for each other and often blackmailed each other into covering up terrible evils that they did to innocent people . The English Aristocracy threatned to close down English Publishing Houses if they published `` Tess of the `` D'Urbelles '' . The Macmillan publishing house in New York publishedTess of the D'Urbervilles . Macmillan Publishing House is a United States publishing houseowned by a United States private company.Tess of the D'Urbelles became a best seller in The United States and in English conqueredcountries.as well as London.Hardy was so disgusted with his countrymen and members of The English crown he only wrotepoems after `` Tess of the D'Urbervilles '' became a best seller.England is only 1,000 years old . The English crown and its ' relatives have played pseudo godso long they do n't honor the Real One . It 's no wonder there a lot of thunderstorms when English royals die . They 've met The Real God .
 I was looking for another edition of TESS and could n't believe my eyes when I saw the `` average customer rating '' was only three stars . So I 'm taking a moment to correct the balance.TESS OF THE D'URBERVILLES must be as close to a perfect novel as anyone has written in English . It is a genuine tragedy with a girl/woman as tragic hero . It is about life on earth in a way that transcends mere sociology . It has the grandeur of Milton but concerns itself with the lives of mortal beings on earth , as much with sex as with dirt , blood , milk , dung , animal and vegetative energies . It concerns itself with only essential things the way the Bible does . It is almost a dark rendering of the Beatitudes.The story is built with such care and such genius that every incident , every paragraph , reverberates throughout the whole structure . Surely Hardy had an angel on his shoulder when he conceived and composed this work . Yet it was considered so immoral in its time that he had to bowdlerize his own creation in order to get it published , at first . Victorian readers were not prepared for the truth of the lives of ordinary women , or for a great many truths about themselves that Hardy presents.The use of British history as a hall of mirrors and the jawdropping detail of the landscape of `` Wessex '' make it the Great English Novel in the way we sometimes refer to MOBY DICK as the Great American Novel , though the works do n't otherwise bear comparison . Melville 's great white whale is a far punier creation.Hardy 's style is like no one else 's . It is not snappy , as Dickens can be . It is not fluid and elegant , like George Eliot 's . It can feel labored and awkward and more archaic than either . It has no journalistic flavor , but is painfully pure and deliberate and dense , echoing Homer or the language of the Old Testament rather than anything we think of as `` modern . '' Do n't start with TESS but with FAR FROM THE MADDING CROWD , another very beautiful book , where Hardy is at his loosest and wittiest . Once you have the key to his style , then pick up a good edition of TESS with notes , e.g. Penguin , so you get the full richness of all the literary allusions . Hardy 's lowly shepherds and farmhands move and breathe in a very ancient literary atmosphere . The effect is not pretentious but timeless.There is wisdom , poetry and majesty here . Tess stumbling through the dark and taking her last rest at Stonehenge will send chills up your spine like no other reading experience . I wonder if anyone can know why there are novels , why we care about them , or what they are capable of , without reading this one .
 Thomas Hardy 's Tess of the D'Urbervilles is one of the best stories I 've ever read . Its characters , especially Tess herself , are so alive and memorable that they stay in your mind long after you 've finished the book . That being said , though , it 's also not a novel for the casual reader . This book is so thought-provoking and , ultimately , heartbraking that it ca n't be easily forgotten , and will more than likely leave you with an overwhelming sadness for a long time afterward . I read a lot , and material with very different subject matters , so I 'm not being melodramatic when I say that this book left me extremely choked up , and almost on the verge of tears . For a guy in his mid-20 's who never gets emotional , I think that 's saying quite a lot . It certainly left me with a lot of respect for the author . The reader comes to care so much about Tess , and agonize over the way her life turns out , that it becomes almost unbearable at times . For a fictional tale to have that effect on a person is quite incredible . Difficult or not , anyone who is interested in reading a brilliant and moving story that deserves to be called a classic should read Tess of the D'Urbervilles .
 Recently , my brother and I were discussing the `` poverty penalty , '' the concept that the poor pay more for what they must buy because they have no bargaining power to invite competition , which drives down prices . This is obviously not a new phenomenon , because poor Tess Durbeyfield pays quite a poverty penalty through the course of Tess of the D'Urbervilles by Thomas Hardy.This is the first novel of Hardy 's I have read , but I chose it after reading `` What Jane Austen Ate and Charles Dickens Knew '' by Daniel Pool , a fabulous book about 18th century daily life.Hardy 's title , as quickly becomes evident , is tongue-in-cheek -LRB- he is author of my favorite title of a book , Jude the Obscure , which I have n't yet read -RRB- is ironic and mocking . Tess , the lovely and somewhat educated daughter of a cottager in Hardy 's British district of Wessex , has the last name of Durbeyfield , but in the first pages of the book , her father , the ne'er - do-well , learns that he is descended from Norman aristocracy , the D'Urbervilles , and there are n't many of them left , except his clan , as the local reverend informs him . He instantly thinks himself very grand and takes it as an excuse to go carousing , which causes Tess and one of her many younger siblings to have to make an early morning journey with the horse for the family 's means of making money . Sleeping on the journey , Tess wakes to find the horse impaled in a wreck and killed . Feeling guilty , she agrees to be sent as a poor relation to the Stoke-D'Urbervilles to seek assistance of some kind . -LRB- They are `` new money '' and have bought the name `` D'Urberville '' to build position for themselves , so they are actually no relation . -RRB- There she encounters Alec D'Urberville , who pursues her vigorously , though she repeatedly eschews his attentions . She takes a job for his mother , watching her fowl , but one evening , separated from her friends in the village on the way home from a Saturday night out in the village , Alec stops accepting no for an answer.Later she falls in mutual love with a gentleman -LRB- the son of a minister -RRB- who has rejected the pulpit himself in favor of learning the trade of dairy farming so that he may run his own farm some day . Angel Clare does fall in love with Tess , but at the same time , he does n't seem to really know her , or want to ... he thinks of her as a pure country maid , and has no idea about her past . When she tries to tell him , he shushes her , thinking he knows all about her . When she finally confides in him after the marriage , the results are disastrous and Tess is once again dealing with harsh reality.I wo n't recount the rest of the story , but it 's clear that the bourgeois -LRB- Alec -RRB- and the gentry -LRB- Angel -RRB- have a great deal to do with the pain and hardship of Tess 's life ; they inflict the poverty penalty on her . The idea of the fluidity of the aristocracy in the 18th century -- Tess is descended from them , but has no rights thereof , Alec has taken the name due to his money , and Angel has rejected the career of his familial role in favor of farming whilst entertaining a very aristocratic -LRB- and inaccurate -RRB- view of the `` peasantry '' -- is prominent in the novel , with Tess 's inability to care for herself and fulfill her perceived familial goals without resorting to asking for help from those who do n't have her bloodline at all . The town of Kingsbere , where Tess 's ancestors are said to be buried , figures somewhat in the novel , and one can not help but think that this symbolizes their use to her as being just as dead as they are.There are some motifs of paganism in the book ... Tess meets Angel for the first time at a May dance , a pagan rite , and she has another climactic plot moment at Stonehenge toward the end of the book . Angel himself seems to reject his father 's Christian teachings , and the beliefs of Tess and her society are often deemed superstitious or quaint and encompassing of pagan belief systems . Tess often wishes to be free of her life of burdens , and who can blame her ? She did n't cause the horse 's death that plunged her into this chain of events , and yet she is punished and punished and punished.Hardy 's writing is beautiful and engaging . The book , though long , seems to quickly move from event to event , and the author 's descriptions are enlightening and complete . I really liked this book and look forward to reading more by Hardy .
 When Thomas Hardy first had `` Tess of the D'Ubervilles '' published in 1891 , the controversy that surrounded it ensured for him financial security and status as one of the most popular authors of the time . The novel 's scandal was concerned with the plot itself , in which an innocent young maid is seduced by an aristocratic cad , and pays for such an indiscretion with everything she holds dear in her life . In Hardy 's journal -LRB- as recounted in Margaret Higonnet 's introduction in this edition -RRB- he records that one of the Duchess of Abercorn 's dinner parties ended in an argument between those who believed that Tess deserved her fate , and those that sympathized with her plight . However , by today 's standards -LRB- in which premarital sex barely registers an eye-blink -RRB- one ca n't help but wonder if such a novel is relevant anymore.I 'm going to argue , that yes , of course it is - if not simply to illustrate how lucky we are to no longer live in a world where a woman can be utterly destroyed through the hypocrisy of the society she lives in . However , there 's considerably more to it than that , particularly as the remnants of this ideology remain to this day ; and since one of the central themes of the novel is the negative effect of past traditions on the present , this bears keeping in mind.Tess Durbeyfield is a simple country lass , easily manipulated and with a limited education , but with a keen intelligence and insight into human nature . However , when her foolish father is casually told by the village minister that he is the offshoot of a once-noble family , Tess is thrown into her parent 's ambition mechanizations . Made to leave her home and younger siblings , Tess begins work tending chickens at a relative 's house whilst attempting to ward off the unwelcome attentions of her devious cousin Alec D'Uberville . However , her resolve slips one night when she is alone with Alec , lost and -LRB- as the text suggests -RRB- intoxicated , and he takes full advantage of her vulnerability.Having borne his child and lost it soon after -LRB- all without Alec 's knowledge -RRB- Tess seeks employment elsewhere , and finds a sense of peace and security as a milkmaid in a neighboring village . That is , until she meets the parson 's son Angel Clare , a very different kind of man from Alec D'Uberville . Falling in love , -LRB- along with every other girl on the farm ! -RRB- Tess finds herself in a new moral crisis . Should she reveal her secret to Angel ? Would he accept her if he knew ? Her family -LRB- not to mention her common sense -RRB- warn her to keep her mouth shut , but can any relationship last if it is based on a lie ? Should n't she have faith in Angel 's testimonies of love to her?However , you 've probably already guessed that the story does n't have a happy ending , and this is a tragedy in the old grand tradition . When young Tess is seduced by a man her fate is sealed . She is a fallen woman , carrying the shame of her indiscretions throughout the rest of her life . However , the novel is remarkable because of Hardy 's ability to find light amongst all the grimness . In the depths of Tess 's drudgery and despair , we feel her moments of tranquility and appreciation of the beauty that surround her . Likewise , in moments of joy and peace , there is the underlying dread of the secret threatening to rare its ugly head . The emotions stirred in reading this novel are relentless - not to put anyone off from reading this novel , but I was in a constant state of agitation and discomfort in reading ; that 's how vivid the circumstances of the novel were . I mean that as a good thing of course ; books these days are like movies - you sit , you watch , you more often than not feel nothing . But I was truly moved by `` Tess of the D'Ubervilles '' and her story ; and I ca n't remember the last time I became so invested in a character and her happiness . Despite the pain it brought me in reading it , `` Tess of the D'Ubervilles '' was worth every agonizing word.In many ways this is a feminist novel , and although I would hate to put too modern a spin on it , it is very easy to see that Thomas Hardy 's sympathies lie with Tess , writing in a letter
 I 'm many years out of college and thought I should start reading some more of the classics . Previous favorites of mine have been The Sound and the Fury , Jane Eyre , and Pride and Prejudice . I saw Tess of the D'Urbervilles on my sister 's bookshelf and for about a year I considered reading it . Finally , I picked it up and began . Wow ! I read it in about three days . I never expected I would feel so much by reading this book . I cried when she baptized Sorrow herself . Her concerns that he be buried in the churchyard and her efforts to ensure he was were touching . I wanted to help Tess Durbeyfield . I thought she was a very complex character -- she was sweet and unworldly but she was n't actually stupid . And she was strong in many ways -- for example , her family relied on Tess for so many things -- eventually even their support . In fact , I hated her family for not working harder and making their own sacrifices . All the burden was on poor Tess . I also wanted to shake some sense into Angel . He really did wrong by Tess -- although he eventually realizes this , it comes too late . The only thing I really did not care for was the sudden inclusion of a minor character -LRB- who we met earlier -RRB- into the end of the book and the implication that she would play an important role in the future of a major character . I barely knew this minor character and NOBODY could compare to Tess of the D'Urbervilles . If you are reading this to find a good book , ignore the negative reviews by high-school students and buy this book NOW . It 's unforgettable .
 When I saw the depressing amount of 1 - , 2 - , and 3-star reviews for this novel , I had to wonder what had gotten into the general populace . Then I read the actual reviews , and realized something . They are reading this for pleasure , yes - but why in the world to people turn to a classic novel for a fast-paced , action-packed story ? -LRB- Yes , I quote . -RRB- Tess 's is a dark tale , a depressing tale , a tale with no perky moments to speak of -LRB- seeing as how we all know it 'll get that much worse should anything good happen -RRB- . The language is poetic and ethereal , with descriptions of incredible beauty that I would give anything to have written and an overtone of intense tragedy and ill-fated cruelty . The characters are all conflicted and in turmoil , oppressed by the moral standards of the day , and Tess is likeable , as opposed to Emily Bronte 's Catherine Earnshaw , say . I would like to mention that I chose this book to write a ten-page analytical paper on , know it cover-to-cover , and know that it is SO much more meaningfull when one stops to take in the paragraphs that scream , `` Pay attention to ME !!! '' I would also mention that I am not a college professor . I read this as a high-school freshman , which goes to show that this is n't just a book for the elite.And in relation to all the readers who feel that Hardy is a bad author ? I always believe that people who act as though they can write a classic far better than the author really ought to try their hand at writing a story that will survive the ages as well as Tess . Hardy writes in lyrical prose , in similar style to his poetry , and though I completely understand wanting to read `` mind candy '' , I do n't understand expecting books accepted as real literature to do the trick . Maybe try a trashy novel first , and read Tess to cleanse the palate.This is , ultimately , my favorite novel of all time . Naturally , I have many more to read , but of all those I have tried , I have never read another that so seamlessly combined luminous tragedy , heartwrending romance , and cruel fate in a novel as beautiful as it is painful .
 In a certain light , Thomas Hardy 's `` Tess of the D'Urbervilles '' might be seen as a Cinderella story horribly disfigured by a tragic twist . When we first meet the heroine , Tess Durbeyfield , as a poor , hardworking farm girl who has to take care of her five younger siblings and fulfill the responsibilities abandoned by her inebriated father , she seems like a girl destined for greater things
 I see `` Tess '' as the story of how a beauty is wronged by evil and by arrogance.But oh , what a story . Hardy 's novels read like poetry . Tess is so lovely , innocent and good , Alec so relentlessly hideous , and Angel so pathetically self-righteous , that I find the gradual destruction of Tess -LRB- with whom I empathize -RRB- at the hands of these two men , to be difficult to experience again , line by line!What a masterpiece of the human condition , and I 'm told , of the female experience . Hardy 's bitterly honest portrayal of the worst and best of human behavior is as powerful as any I 've found in literature.When I need a Hardy fix and I do n't want to be depressed , I turn to `` Far From the Madding Crowd . ''
 -LRB- Warning
 Man ... I thought that The Return of the Native was good ... Tess of the d'Urbervilles by the Great Thomas Hardy was a very long novel for me . Hardy 's scope and incredible projection of Wessex was very admirable and how he presents Tess as a person is very beautiful.The novel begins with Tess ' father learning that his family , the Durbeyfields is descended from a long gone ancient regime , the d'Urbervilles . I really love how Hardy makes you feel like this is the ultimate cross for Tess and her family to bear . How Tess grows to hate this fact . After the Durbeyfield 's horse is impaled , yes impaled , when Tess and her brother are trying to deliver something that her father is too ill -LRB- or too drunk -RRB- to deliver , Tess blames it all on herself and is sent to work on the manor that her parents think that her `` cousin , '' the cruel Alec d'Urberville resides in . A great Hardyan lustre of that element of the story is that Alec d'Urberville 's father just bought that name after lookin it up in some book , so Tess falls into a trap of fate and is continually punished . Tess ' whole life is told through the novel and is filled with very tragic scenes , so if you like feel good books , stay away from this one.This novel is full of beautiful and moving tragedy , incredible projection of Victorian rural life , and just about everything Hardy can give you in one novel.Definatley essential Victorian Literature , definatley essential Thomas Hardy , and without question one of the greatest novels ever written ... Only a poet could 've written such a beautiful novel ...
 This book is wonderful for many reasons and especially for its portrayal of Tess . It raises questions -LRB- still pertinent today -RRB- about women , reputation , and sexuality in society . Hardy was certainly ahead of his time in pointing out that we do as much harm to women with prudishness and double standards as we do with physical and sexual violence . Do n't miss _ Jude the Obscure _ and _ The Mayor of Casterbridge _ .
 `` Tess of the D'Urbervilles , '' by Thomas Hardy , is a book about a young woman who struggles to find her place in society . When it is discovered that the low-class Durbeyfield family is in reality the d'Urbervilles , the last of a famous blood line that dates back hundreds of years , the mother sends her eldest daughter , Tess , to beg money from relations with the obvious desire that Tess wed the rich Mr. d'Urberville . Thus begins a tale of woe in which a wealthy man cruely mistreats a poor girl . Tess is taken advantage of by Mr. d'Urberville and leaves his house , returning home to have their child , who subsequently dies . Throughout the rest of this fascinating novel , Tess is tormented by guilt at the thought of her impurity and vows to never marry . She is tested when she meets Angel , the clever son of a priest , and falls in love with him . After days of pleading , Tess gives in to Angel and consents to marry him . Angel deserts Tess when he finds the innocent country girl he fell in love with is not so pure . This touching story depicts how difficult it was being a woman in the 1800s . There are many reasons to recommend `` Tess of the D'Urbervilles . '' It is a story one can easily relate to . If anyone has ever suffered prejudice , then he/she will want to read this book . The book is also thought-provoking . `` Tess '' is also interesting in that the author gives the point of view of all the characters in it , not simply that of Tess . This means that the reader gets a better understanding of the plot . Thomas Hardy writes in an eloquent and descriptive manner . `` Tess of the D'Urbervilles '' does have perceived flaws . It has been described as rather verbose , but one finds that this is not the case , and that the details only add to the book . The plot is tragic , which might make it depressing to read . However , one finds that it is tragic in a beautiful and compelling sense , not in a sad sense . `` Tess of the D'Urbervilles '' is a book that will touch your heart .
 I do n't think that Tess of the D'Urbervilles is to be considered a realistic portrayal of life . It is more like a Greek tragedy or Shakespearean tragedy . The characters are larger than life and the events of the book mythic in scale . Nevertheless , just like with , say , Macbeth I was drawn into the plot and actually found myself getting angry and upset about the turn of events . So I got my money 's worth . Hardy definitely has cast this story very darkly . Tess is no mere innocent victim . And Alec is not so clearly just an evil villian . Nor is Angel an angel . The characters are complex and deep , and the reader ends up caring about them . That 's why this book is a classic . See the A&E adaptation in film for a fascinating and moving interpretation .
 I was required to read this book for AP English IV.One of the best books I 've read for class all year . Wish the phases were a little shorter at times.Overall , good book . Only read it if you have time.The middle is where most of the action happens but that 's typical.Would make one heck of a movie if it were done in a contemporary fashion
 I have but one regret in reading this book , that being that I will never again be able to read it for the first time . Never again be whisked into this particular world so far removed from my own and yet so heart-wrenchingly close . Never again turn the pages of Tess of the D'Urbervilles with baited breath and a longing ache that realistically should n't stem from mere fiction.Phenomenal , this work of Thomas Hardy 's is.Not since reading Jane Eyre have I been so totally immersed in the life of a character , so in tune with her sufferings and joys , so hopeful yet fearful for her future . Tess seems so real , sometimes pathetically so , but always wishfully so . Her story is a sad one , but it brings with it its own reward.I almost wish I could have stopped reading at a point before the ending , so I would be free to imagine my own perfect conclusion . Or better yet , so Tess could live on , could still have that elusive chance at fulfillment and lasting joy . But Mr. Hardy 's ending is the best one , the most fitted to the rest of the book . Still , I was shocked . I think the ending just increases the tantalizingness of the book though.So anyway , this book deserves at least seven stars , but only five are given , so ... read it for yourself . You wo n't be disappointed .
 Tess of the D'urbervilles is truly one of the masterpieces of 19th century English literature . Thomas Hardy 's writing is simply brilliant , and poignant.Thomas Hardy imagines a new way of being for British society . One that is not so hung up on narrow social conventions , one where people are rewarded for hard work and positive moral attributes.SPOILERS BELOW!Tess is supposed to be the embodiment of this new society as it comes into being , but runs into trouble at every step of the way in her development . Her parents do not work as hard as she does , she is cruelly seduced , her baby is cruelly denied a Christian burial , even her true love Angel Claire rejects her because of her past and the narrow social conventions he has been brought up with . And in the end , she dies , a Christ figure for Hardy 's new society , with Angel and her sister `` apostles . '' The ending is even slightly ambiguous ... What will Angel and Liza Lu do ? Will they advance Hardy 's new society ?
 Tess of the D'Urbervilles by Thomas Hardy was written in 1891 and challenged the Victorian sensibilities of the time and to this day it offers much to the reader . It is a book which has intense atmosphere , character development , romance , an interesting storyline and yet still gives us much food for thought.At the start of the book our beautiful heroine Tess is a teenager of a poor family with a father who is an alcoholic . She is a young woman who always tries to do the best for her family which lands her in trouble . Tess is eventually raped and gives birth to an illegitimate child . That she remains a good person who still tries to do her best and is a heroine of a book was shocking at the time of publication.In many ways it is obvious that Tess ' story is going to end tragically . Even while we root for Tess and grow to admire her courage and perseverance we are aware that it is against all odds . This then provokes interesting questions about how the story would appear in today 's world and the moral questions involved in contemporary society.Growing up as a farm girl , I enjoyed all the interesting details about the various types of farming in the late 19th century England . I loved the descriptions of the walks and travels by coach across the rural countryside .
 ` Tess ' is a beautifully-written classic that kept my kindle dictionary busy . It is a story about how painful and unfair life can be , and especially to those who are by-nature the most loving , kind and sensitive . You will fall in love with ` Tessy ' and wish only the very best for her . Be forewarned , however , that Hardy wrote very little of the ` best ' you will wish for Tess into this story . As a result , you may want to delay reading this book until you feel ` up ' for reading a very sad and tragic tale . That caveat aside , ` Tess ' is an exceptional work of literature , and a book you are n't likely to forget.Caution
 I disagree that Tess is an insult to women . It is the contrary ! In the time when marrying rich men is in fashion and prostitutes are considered the victims of society , Tess sets a very high moral standard for us . She 'd rather be doing hard labor in the winter field than doing prostitution . It breaks my heart that she eventually had to do it in order to support her family . She also did it out of despair of love ...
 The book stands on its own , though I found the ending disappointing . I downloaded this in order to be able to follow the more obscure passages of an audiobook version and it was excellent for that purpose ; the digital edition worked just fine on my iPad with no difficulty in locating specific sections based on the section and chapter breakdown .
 I have read several Thomas Hardy novels starting with The Mayor of Casterbridge many years ago in high school and I never really appreciated the style and the fact that like other Hardy novels Tess is a love story and a very good story . Worth reading
 Tess of the D'Urbervilles , Thomas Hardy 's second to last novel , published in book form in 1891 , is considered by many -LRB- Hardy himself included -RRB- to be the finest novel by the great Thomas Hardy -LRB- 1840-1928 -RRB- . The story centers around Tess Durbeyfield , a wife who is ancestor to an ancient and powerful family . She goes to live with some guy named Alec and falls in love with him or something . I never read it but have studied Thomas Hardy 's works and that is all I know about this classic . I also know it has a very sad and tragic ending because I ruined it for myself by reading spoilers on wikipedia so do n't ruin it by doing that , read it and reach the tear jerking ending , if you can survive a TOME ! HA HA HA HA ! -LRB- Of course you can `` survive '' this one . I was just cracking a joke about the length of this book . Thomas Hardy was one of the greatest writers who ever lived and this book proves it beyond a shadow of a doubt -RRB- The story attacks the role of woman in Victorian society and because of that , it was n't really well received in 1891 but at least it did better than Hardy 's final novel Jude the Obscure , published in 1895 -LRB- some sources say '96 I 'm not sure -RRB- Jude the Obscure was hated so badly that it was mockingly renamed `` Jude the Obscene '' and Hardy stopped writing novels altogether and focused on poetry.This is essential Victorian age literature and is Hardy 's most famous novel . Read it today !
 This was a Christmas gift for my oldest granddaughter . I was very pleased with the item and the shipping . She was delighted to receive the book . I will shop for Christmas and other occasions from Amazon .
 The Penguin clothbound classics are beautiful . They make beautiful gifts and look great on the bookshelf . I looked everywhere and the price I paid on Amazon -LRB- $ 13.60 -RRB- is by far the cheapest . They 're a bargain at that price .
 What a gorgeous package for classic titles . These books deserve to be feted on design blogs because they are works of art . I ca n't wait to have more on my shelf .
 Yeah , pretty great book , I 'd say . I liked the character of Tess , how she represented innocence lost in a corrupt society . How Angel was the perfect guy , but because of the cruel world that we all live in , he was snatched away from her , and she was left abadoned by him . It was trafic . Very sad .
 This is my favorite Hardy novel , unbelievably powerful , tragic and depressing . Do NOT read this book if you are unstable , depressed , or have ever been abandoned .
 We can all learn a lot from reading the classics . Hardy does not disappoint . No matter what century , human themes of morality and religion always seem to make us be more aware of our human frailties .
 I find Thomas Hardy dated , but then that 's me I guess . It is a very good story and a classic piece of literature
 Very dark and wonderful . I always thought this was a &#34; chick &#34; book , like &#34; Anne of Green Gables . &#34; Not so . After I read this I got everything else he wrote that I could find on Kindle -LRB- everything , and it 's all free -RRB- . Thank God for Kindle and public domain literature .
 Good book still reading it still trying to understand all the different wording of the book but it 's pretty good I want you to review everything hopefully
 After years of thinking I would read this found that when I did it was captivating . So many twists and turns in this story , I was spellbound . The language is sometimes a little challenging , but it is definitely worth the read .
 Excellent work from Thomas Hardy . This novel takes you to England of the late 1800s . The descriptions are very vivid and the plot keeps you interested into what 's going to happen next .
 Never saw the ending coming ! Could n't put the book down . You become attached to all the characters , feeling they are your own group of friends .
 By today 's standards certain passages of this book may seem rather vague and subtle , but they were shocking when first written -- enough that the book was subject to heavy censorship -- vital passages from it were removed . And that is really what makes this book so grand . Its take on the double standards of the society in which fictional Tess lived may seem very distant from today 's post-60 's equality society , but it was very real then.The book follows Tess ' journey through the English countryside , but what makes it so fascinating is the constant flow of her thought patterns as she tries to rationalize the hand she has been dealt . The modern reader may be befuddled , as her thoughts are representative of another culture and another time , but what is fascinating is the little insights on human nature that shine through . The joy she feels tempered by the despair in her past . The ignorant self-righteousness of overzealous youth . The mistakes that even very good , well-meaning people can make , without realizing it , that hurt others deeply . We hope for her as she lives through the initial tragedy , the slow recovery , the surge of joy she experiences , we are disgusted at the hypocritical betrayal that eventually leads to her final breakdown.The prose itself too has a personality , often taking time to smell the roses and indulge in the lush scenery , fascinating historical anecdotes and social interactions that Tess deals with on a daily basis . For those who over-glamorize the past , here is a very honest look at the physical and mental hardships people faced in it . Hardy quotes Ascham
 I had to write a review just to bring up a rating that was unfairly knocked down by a handful of obtuse reviewers . I was n't an English lit major like some of these reviewers , but I have read upwards of 10,000 books in my life - with a concentration on literature - and have to say that the descriptive writing in `` Tess of the D'Ubervilles '' is the most beautiful and poetic I have yet encountered . It is not the most exciting , nor the most stunningly transformative -LRB- that honour goes to `` Altas Shrugged '' -RRB- book , but the construction and execution is exquisite.The book is in fact slowly paced - so much so in the first couple of chapters that I was rebuffed the first time I started reading it . However , a little patience will grant you entry into the gorgeous spell Hardy invokes . Yes , it is a `` victorian '' novel , but the sublimity of the writing and of the plot 's tragedy emancipates it from the staidness of the genre.The upshot is that you should n't turn to this book if you want a fast paced thriller or `` clever '' writing . Read it if you want to cultivate your awareness of exceptional beauty ; this book is for the cultured connoisseur , not needy readers .
 Never have I been so moved by a work of fiction ... Hardy 's masterpiece embodies the perpetual uniqueness of War and peace - and the emotional conviction of Wuthering Heights . Must , must , must read !
 If you 've never read a book by Thomas Hardy and only want to read one , it should be this one . This is one of the few classics that can still grip the modern reader , enchant , outrage and enlighten him . It often amazes me that it was not a woman who wrote this novel , for Tess is such a many-faceted and non-standardized character that the men in the novel just fade into the background .
 Any self confessed ` woe is me ' - style drama queen will be inconsolable if they ever stumble across Hardy 's story about the ultimate victim . Tess is used and abused by almost every other character in the book and remains unshakeably self righteous throughout . -LRB- well almost -RRB- Without giving too much away , strong irony is cleverly used here and there , Hardy 's always wonderful theme-setting descriptive skills shine as usual and the character studies are brilliant . Every main person in the book has one surprise or other up their sleeve . All in all , it 's a classic tragedy ...
 This is a good book . It is sad that many of Tess bad decisions caused her life to be worst off than it should have been . Instead of making lemonade from her lemons in life life she continued to suck on the sour sour fruit over and over again .
 I remember having to read this novel in high school and wanted to read it again . I had forgotten most of the story and thoroughly enjoyed following Tess through her trials and tribulations , albeit some self imposed .
 Tess of the d'Urbervilles is possibly my favorite classic . Thomas Hardy is a brilliant writer as evidened by this novel . If you 've never read it please do so . It 's free on Amazon . You will fall in love with Tess and curse the life she is dealt .
 Tess is one of the more depressive novels I 've read lately . My wife will attest to the fact that I have a strange affinity to depressing stories . With that in mind , let me say that I really enjoyed this book.The writing was at times a bit too much for me for the reason that I get annoyed at many 18th and 19th century novels ... namely , that Hardy focuses far too much on minute descriptions and in-depth analysis of setting and location . Do n't get me wrong , I love a vivid and lush environment and I much prefer a fleshed out character to a flat one . I just sometimes feel that all of the flowery descriptions slow down the story telling element too much . There were a few paragraphs/pages that I tried to skim through in order to get to the next relevant points of plot . Still , I do n't know that I 'd want to edit out the descriptive text since it does comment on the narrative itself in a metafictional sort of way.The main characters in this book are wonderfully composed . They are absolutely and completely frustrating but they are superbly crafted nonetheless . I wanted to smack each of the main characters on many occasions.Tess is far too willing to simply be acted upon and then to bemoan her fate . Alec is an absolute pig -LRB- although towards the end of our experience with him , it 's debatable just how awful he truly is -RRB- . And Angel is far too inconsistent to be liked at all ... at first he seems almost lovable ... then he deserves to be hated ... then he seems slightly adequate ... then he becomes repulsive again ... he 's just far too wishy-washy in his behavior and ideals to ever be fully redeemable.The story itself falls into the realm of realism taken to its extreme . The plot elements felt almost like the Bible story of Job ... whatever could go wrong willgo wrong . And even though Tess was generally found to be almost whining about her circumstances rather than trying to make things better for herself , the story was still rather thought provoking since it makes you wonder just how you would handle horrific circumstances and what can truly be done about them . Is it better to try and solve the problem or better to just let fate and happenstance take its toll.Personally , I try to make the best out of any bad situation ... perhaps that 's why I like `` depressing '' stories ... they make me realize my life could be worse and they help inspire me to always think of the best possible outcome.I 'm sure this book wo n't be for everyone . Those who want a happy fairy-tale romp through a girl 's life would do better to stay away . Those who are easily frustrated by fallen characters , will find themselves hating all of the primary roles in this book . The book is n't terribly lengthy -LRB- ~ 300-400 ? -RRB- but some of the longer descriptive passages do crawl by at times.Still , I whole-heartedly recommend this book to those who are willing to look imperfection and awful situations square in the face and come away smiling . It 's not a happy book . It 's not a terribly fast past book -LRB- which can also be frustrating ... I wanted to shout Just do it to Tess many times -RRB- . But it is a wonderfully rich book and definitely worth getting into . ***** 4.5 stars -LRB- out of 5 -RRB-
 Thomas Hardy is a definite for anyone serious about literature . Tess of the D'Urbervilles is not to be passed up , it 's a treat . I did n't find it at all over descriptive nor boring .
 Although written well over a century ago , Tess of the D'Urbervilles is a surprisingly modern novel with unmatched poetic beauty . The author , Thomas Hardy , jabs at the age-old issues of sexism , social class , and morality in this seemingly simple tragic romance . The heroine is the titular Tess , an elegant but unassuming countryside beauty from a poor farming family . Her misery begins when the family discovers that they are not the shabby Durbeyfields after all , but rather the descendants of the illustrious and ancient D'Urbervilles . But Tess ' doom goes hand in hand with her heritage . Introduced to her newfound rich relations , she is forced to become the mistress of her cousin Alec D'Urberville . Naturally she is blamed for her `` defilement '' and resulting pregnancy . Tess of the D'Urbervilles cynically examines the high-strung , sexist Victorian society and the hypocritical Anglican Church , while simultaneously providing a window into the human soul . Hardy captivates the reader with his luminous heroine , a saintly creature forced to commit terrible deeds against her will . He questions the very nature of morality , asserting that neither society nor the church has the authority to judge virtue . Tess of the D'Urbervilles is a masterpiece of literature -- tragic and romantic , poetic and critical -- a wondrously perceptive literary work . The reader is captivated from start to finish , from the opening imagery of the lovely English countryside to the fateful , deeply symbolic conclusion set amid the cragged rocks of the Stonehenge .
 Deep . Tragic . Memorable.Tess of the d'Urbervilles is a wonderful read and highly recommended . I had high expectations of this book and they were all surpassed after reading it . It is very moving and the story stays with you long after you 've read it . It is also full of memorable scenes such as the one wherein Angel sleep walks with Tess in his arms.Read it . You wo n't be disappointed .
 Tess of the D'Urbervilles must be one of the most moving and beautifully written novels ever created . Hardy 's writing does n't just move the plot from one point to the next , it undulates and flows from season to season with Tess as her life flows from one point to the next . As has been pointed out in other reviews , it does have a good amount of pagan imagery and associations . Tess is dancing on May day -LRB- the first of May -RRB- when Angel and she first cross paths , Angel often calls her by the names of pagan godesses when he is wooing her at the dairy and she agrees to work for Farmer Groby until `` Old Lady 's Day . '' The imagery that Hardy interweaves in the novel is even more pagan . Tess is virginal and innocent and hopeful , like a nymph or thing of nature . And even when she 's no longer a virgin -LRB- a rather important event in the novel -RRB- she 's still innocent and hopeful . Truly , she does not lose her hope until the very end and then she is allowed to regain it , if only momentarily . The hardest thing about reading this novel is that it is tragic , for Tess anyway , the whole way through . But that 's the way Hardy meant it . And in the end it breaks your heart . But not in a melodramatic way , drawn out , Hollywood ending/Braveheart kind of way . More like the slice of the guillotine
 Angel 's perceptual turnabout comes a day late and a dollar short . In Hardy 's Victorian world , the victim was the co-perpetrator . He had to justify to his audience that despite her technical loss of virginity , Tess was pure in essence . She was a victim of bad luck , particularly that of being at the wrong place at the wrong time . I loved when Irving Howe remarked that `` Tess is ... goodness made interesting . '' Unfortunately , Tess never got to appreciate or even recognize her goodness . She was so full of -LRB- unmerited -RRB- shame and a sense of inferiority . Angel 's liberalism and code of ethics gave way to censure , and he reinforced Tess 's self-doubts . He could overlook her being a milkmaid from the fallen D'Urbeville lineage , but not a victim of rape . That even a man like Angel would be influenced by the Victorian attitude -LRB- and not recognize the timeless double standard -RRB- is Hardy 's sharp social critique .
 Several years ago when I was in high school we had to read The Mayor of Casterbridge -LRB- also by Hardy -RRB- . I did NOT enjoy it under the circumstances , but decided to give Tess a try a few years later . I must say , it has certainly become one of my favorite all time books . Hardy really lets the reader see and feel what is happening in the lives of the characters . I must admit that I even shed a few tears at the end -LRB- something I rarely do while reading -RRB- . This book is a must read for anyone who likes literature at all !
 `` Tess of the D'Urbervilles , '' by Thomas Hardy , is a book about a young woman who struggles to find her place in society . When it is discovered that the low-class Durbeyfield family is in reality the d'Urbervilles , the last of a famous blood line that dates back hundreds of years , the mother sends her eldest daughter , Tess , to beg money from relations with the obvious desire that Tess wed the rich Mr. d'Urberville . Thus begins a tale of woe in which a wealthy man cruely mistreats a poor girl . Tess is taken advantage of by Mr. d'Urberville and leaves his house , returning home to have their child , who subsequently dies . Throughout the rest of this fascinating novel , Tess is tormented by guilt at the thought of her impurity and vows to never marry . She is tested when she meets Angel , the clever son of a priest , and falls in love with him . After days of pleading , Tess gives in to Angel and consents to marry him . Angel deserts Tess when he finds the innocent country girl he fell in love with is not so pure . This touching story depicts how difficult it was being a woman in the 1800s . There are many reasons to recommend `` Tess of the D'Urbervilles . '' It is a story one can easily relate to . If anyone has ever suffered prejudice , then he/she will want to read this book . The book is also thought-provoking . `` Tess '' is also interesting in that the author gives the point of view of all the characters in it , not simply that of Tess . This means that the reader gets a better understanding of the plot . Thomas Hardy writes in an eloquent and descriptive manner . `` Tess of the D'Urbervilles '' does have perceived flaws . It has been described as rather verbose , but one finds that this is not the case , and that the details only add to the book . The plot is tragic , which might make it depressing to read . However , one finds that it is tragic in a beautiful and compelling sense , not in a sad sense . `` Tess of the D'Urbervilles '' is a book that will touch your heart .
 I 've recently gone back to reading the classics , and this one did n't disappoint , although there are other Hardy novels I prefer . `` Tess of the d'Urbervilles '' is a story of love , separation , and heartbreak , rather like `` Wuthering Heights '' and `` Dr. Zivago '' . For a modern love story containing these themes , check out Sophie Simons ` l'Amour , available on Kindle .
 I read this novel immediately after viewing the PBS Masterpiece Classic Theatre version starring Gemma Arterton as Tess . As the production follows faithfully all the key plot of the story , it really helped me with the book . In lieu of this , read the Wikipedia entry which outlines the plot in depth.The book is wonderful for analysis and discussion . There are many questions that can be created . The book has a lot of symbolism and foreshadowing.For instance , after Angel Clare and Tess marry , Angel finally learns from Tess why she has hesitated for so long to marry him . He mentions once that the only way he can feel released from his difficulty with her past is if Alex D'Urberville was no longer alive . One wonders if this is a seed planted in Tess ' subconscious . Technically , Tess had no real functional reason to murder Alex. He was no woman beater , Angel had finally reached the point he needed to be in in order to accept Tess again , etc.The very first scene of the book is the cornerstone that starts the sealing of Tess ' destiny and fate and nothing she does or does n't do from then on can stay her from this . Her father 's learning of the real family name of D'Urberville and not Derbyfield leads her to meeting up with Alex , her rape/seduction , subsequent pregnancy , inability of initially being able to marry the love of her life -LRB- Angel Clare -RRB- , Angel 's initial inability to live with his new wife , Tess ' murder of Alex and her ultimate fate by a hanging execution.To me , the whole of the book is greater than it 's individual parts . That is it 's ultimate greatness . One can criticize the hugely long section of Angel and Tess ' courtship at Talbothays Dairy where Angel/Tess seem to go on endlessly coming together and falling apart as Tess struggles with whether Angel can accept her if she tells him all the details of her past . -LRB- And then the subsequent hugely long time it took Angel to come to see a way to have a full married life and future with Tess . -RRB- But I took this time to appreciate Hardy 's writing style , the way he uses Nature as a character in and of itself , to learn the real and authentic `` what it was like to live '' in that time in England , etc. I do n't feel inclined to pass a negative judgment on Tess . In many ways she was the most moral , strong , and contemplative of everyone . Alex attempted to turn good by becoming a traveling evangelist but could n't keep up the pretense . Angel , who rejected the more obviously suited to his moral viewpoints -LRB- Mercy Chant -RRB- to choose his more emotionally compatible love , Tess , had to undergo a huge personal struggle to rise above his concerns over what society would think of them . Angel 's concerns were such that he states that even if they traveled as far off as America or Australia , that they could n't be really certain Tess ' past would n't come to affect them and even said it could continue to affect even the lives of their children . I really felt that Angel had the weakest courage of all the various main characters.Tess , on the other hand , continuously makes tough choices in life . At times , she uses pride to keep her head up and at other times , leaves pride aside to choose paths she feels benefits her family , her ability to be a good friend , to support herself honestly and the like . For her , love should conquer all and she struggles valiantly to understand Angel 's point of view.I definitely will be reading more of Hardy 's novels .
 My quirky yet brilliant English teacher assigned this work in the beginning of my senior year . Undoubtedly , I approached this book with much doubt and skepticism . If you know Hardy , you immediately recall his superfluity of detail and monotonous landscaping , which inevitably impedes character and plot development . Suprisingly , though all discouraging factors were present , I found the book exceptionally appealing . Hardy 's portraiture of Tess validates him as a captivating author . He draws us into her persona , leaving us trampled and bruised with the grievances of life . He walks us through her struggles , though mangled with her inability to step forward , she still persists.I highly reccommend this book to any avid reader of British literature .
 How amazing . Thomas Hardy actually makes you fall in love with his leading lady , Tess , yourself . Other reviewers have complained she allowed herself to be walked on ; that is not true . She had a deep sense of the -LRB- false -RRB- injury comitted to her husband and accepted what she percieved as justified punishment . Mr Hardy simply rips out your heart and makes you bleed with her . I do n't expect your average high school student forced to read the novel for an assignment will agree , but as pleasure reading , this definitely has money on any modern day romance or drama .
 An utterly terrifying tale of a woman and her difficulties in life . Realistic and easily understood , at heart that is .
 TESS OF THE DURBERVILLES is just one of those books you ca n't put down , even if it means something lethal . My mind was tinkering and felt like it was going to BLOW , the characters were so ... so ... deep ... so ... so ... troubled ... so ... so ... ah , read it yourself , it 's hard to describe !
 Tess Durberfield is perhaps one of the most astounding and complex characters in Victorian literature , maybe even of ALL literature . She surpasses many in homliness , feminity , and above all purity .
 I love the passonate tale of Tess and her husband , who married for purity , not for her . It is heartbreaking .
 This book was a very good book , at first I thought that it would be a boring classic book but as I started reading it I realized that it was a really good book . So if you 're looking for a good classic book , read this one .
 Beautiful book . I love the fabric cover . There is also a ribbon book marker in each of these books in a coordinating color !
 The way this book is written makes it hard to read . I only bought it because Anna talks about it so much in Fifty Shades of Grey .
 my language arts teacher had my class choose a book to read . I had no idea what I wanted , because she would n't allow me to read anything by Stephen King , and I had no other ideas for something worth reading . My friend suggested Tess of the D'bervilles , and so I took it from the school library.Unfortunately , I started reading it a week before I was supposed , and finished it the next day , and so I must choose another book to read for class.This is an excellent book that makes you think about what women had to go through a few hundred years ago . It makes you think about the complete lack of backbone shown in Tess untill the very end , when she finally realizes the injustices done to her were NOT her fault . You must remember that she had not been brought up to understand certain things , and could not have understood how to cope , or over come with problems that many women of her time had to face.The ending was excellent , and rather sad.If you enjoy learning about history , I suggest reading this book .
 This book is tragic and wonderfully written . Hardy uses words to create a scene for you that creates the visual for you completely . I think that the sadest thing for me was to realize people did live like this , life really was that hard . As a 21st century woman I was outraged at the way that Tess was treated by men and by society . Who is the true bad guy , Alec or Angel ? When we read it with our societies mores we perceive it one way , but if we were ken to the morals of that society how would we see it ? Are they really dastards , or are they all just victims . I am not a scholar , I liked the story for being a good story.After reading the book I rented the A&E movie . As I watched it , I realized how well the book translated into video , because I had already seen the exact same scenery in my mind . The only thing that surprised me was the bleakness of the trunip farm and Tesses horrible conditions . I could n't imagine anything that awful.There are a lot of words , similar to DH Lawrence , but I would n't get rid of a one of them . If you come to this book as a great story and not as a classic novel , you will hold Tess to your heart and never forget her tragedies .
 I thoroughly enjoyed reading Tess . Many years ago , after completing a grueling mind-numbing week of exams in college I sat down to read this story , as a sort of reward for living through the previous five days . I have since read many of Hardy 's novels , but Tess remains the dearest to me . Early on , in chapter 4 , Tess is on a journey at night with her little brother Abraham and he is asking her if all the stars in the night sky are worlds similar to ours . She compares them to apples on a tree and concludes that most of them are `` splendid and sound - a few blighted '' . `` Which do we live on ? '' asks Abraham . `` A blighted one , '' says Tess . Minutes later , their carriage crashes into some oncoming traffic ... the family horse Prince is killed , and Tess is plunged through this incident into predicaments that will result in her complete undoing.Those who are familiar with Hardy will know of his fatalistic tendencies . His themes were not exactly `` jolly '' . And here , in the above incident he sets that ominous tone that is so omnipresent in his work . Tess is the story of an exceptionally gifted and beautiful peasant girl of decayed aristocratic stock who is betrayed by two men
 Tess of the D'Urbervilles is one of the best books I have ever set my eyes upon . I have tried to finish the book in one sitting but found out that I ca n't because there is just so many things to figure out in the story . No doubt , fate plays such an important role in the life of Tess Durbeyfield and it is due to her noble descent that spawns the events leading to her own demise . The ending of the story is somewhat disturbing . Should we feel happy that Angel fufiled Tess 's wish or should we feel sad for Tess ?
 The great thing about Tess of the D'Urbervilles is the poetry and the depth of the main character.Tess is an extremely complex character and yet a very simple person . It is hard to explain her : Hardy seems totally in emphatuated with his character . She is a thing of beauty like a beautiful flower growing on the road side . The flower knows nothing of why it is or how it grows , and so Tess is naive of her existance and surroundings only driven by the knee-jerk of her emotion , egged on and commented on the romantic and love struck Hardy.Hardy makes a character , falls in love with her and then day-dreams about her . Guarding her innocence amd jealously defending it by - 1 -RRB- making her so complex that no other character in the book can love , know and understand her truely .2 -RRB- She ends up tragic so no one else can have her . Thus destroying her and tearing himself away from his ideal.It is true he builds her up only to tear her down . Such a tragic figure makes the reader feel a lament amd deep sorrow for Tess having tried to fathom her whilst becoming enchanted by her.I found all of this made the book frustrating and it flawed the main character . It is a very difficult , long and hard book to read - which would have made the book very hard to write by anyone other than a very idealistic romantic poet . 4 stars because I am a romantic fool for Tess as well .
 There really is n't much I can add to what has already been said about this wonderful Thomas Hardy novel . One of the things that really struck me about Tess was the importance of setting and how Hardy relates Tess 's emotional state to the setting in which she finds herself . The contrasting settings of Talbothays Dairy and Flintcomb-Ash seem to represent the opposing forces in Tess 's own life.At Talbothays , the air is `` clear , bracing and ethereal , '' the river flows like the pure River of Life , '' and the atmosphere `` set up -LRB- Tess 's -RRB- spirits wonderfully . '' For Tess , the valley where the dairy is located is akin to Paradise and she feels an emotional high while she is there.In the dairy , itself , the milkers form `` a little battalion of men and women , '' often `` singing songs to entice the cows to produce milk . '' Everyone works together to bring about a common goal , a common good . At Talbothays , Tess is able to escape the pressures and prejudices of Victorian England . She is at the peak of happiness in her life and falls in love and marries the intellectual and difficult Angel Clare.It is when her marriage to Angel fails , that Tess moves to the dreary and desolate Flintcomb-Ash . Flintcomb-Ash is in direct contrast to Talbothays . There is not a single `` green pasture , '' nor anything besides `` fallow and turnips everywhere '' at the `` starve-acre place . '' Here , Tess reaches a new emotional low and her heart is as empty and dark as the setting in which she finds herself . In contrast to the camaraderie at Talbothays , at Flintcomb-Ash , `` nobody come near -LRB- Tess -RRB- '' as she stands `` enshrouded in her uniform '' working `` hour after hour . '' The other workers at Flintcomb-Ash do not fare much better and most are kept busy in the fields in order to earn enough money to simply survive . There is no time for friendship in this place.Obviously , Hardy was a master at description and the use of setting to emphasize the emotional state of his characters , Tess in particular . Although this book is a masterpiece of sensual language , Tess is also a wonderful example of the use of contrasting settings to convey strong emotional states in a way that mere words alone never could . Tess is a book that should not be overlooked by anyone .
 I decided to read this book after reading the Fifty Shades series ... our main character in those books , Anastasia , refers to Tess several times and identifies with her . Anastasia of the Fifty Shades books is an English Lit . major ... If you love history , and will immerse yourself in the times , you will enjoy reading , or re-reading this book .
 Read this as an indulgence into the classics . Never appreciated in school but really loved it as a 40 something woman . Thomas Hardy for me is a slow and deliberate writer . The pace , the details , the development of the story is beautiful . Be good to yourself and read it .
 Tess Durbeyfield is beset by guilt over the accidental death of one of her family 's horses - a main source of family income . In an attempt to create a social connection and to gain financial assistance for her family , she entreats the d'Urbervilles to acknowledge an ancient familial connection . Unfortunately , Alec d'Urberville is taken with Tess and rapes her . Her life is haunted by his sexual assault from that point forward . Eventually , Tess begins to recuperate and finds employment elsewhere as a dairymaid . Her days as a dairymaid are happy and peaceful until she falls in love with Angel Clare . She agonizes over telling him of her tainted past , and when she confesses the truth on her wedding night , Angel is repulsed over her past and her deception of waiting to tell him . Tess is parted from her true love and never fully recovers , even when he returns to her.Tess of the d'Urbervilles is more than a sad story . It pays homage to the type of unhealthy family atmospheres that many children are raised in . The death of the horse is a direct result of her father 's drunkenness and irresponsibility , though Tess never realizes this . When her parents hear of her misfortune , her mother reprimands her for not seeking marriage to the very man who raped her . The story also explores the mental effects that sexual assault can have on a person . Tess experiences extreme guilt , depression and feelings of unworthiness - common feelings for victims of sexual assault . In the end , as she is continually subjected to Alec d'Urberville , she experiences insanity which results in extreme actions.This particular edition included an introduction and notes about the text which I found helpful . However , I thought the girl on the cover did not resemble the maiden of the book . The girl on the front is plain and unremarkable , whereas , Tess , according to the text , is remarkable.I can see why this book is considered a literary classic , but I ca n't say I enjoyed it . That being said , I think everyone should read this book once . Tess is a memorable character that one can not help being fascinated with .
 This book was absolutely brilliant ! I could hardly put it down it was so interesting . It was also very mysterious in some ways and a little bit confusing , but after awhile I understood everything . A wonderful book with a sad , but somewhat , happy , ending . Very cool !
 It is easy to see why this book is considered a classic . To the modern reader , this tale of love and morality may seem like kid stuff at first glance -LRB- they talk about more serious situations in my niece 's junior high sex education class -RRB- . Hardy 's genius is in his incisive character portrayals and the depictions of the social and moral structure of 19th century England . Tess and her feelings and decisions stay with you long after the last page is finished . I kept wishing we had read this in college so that I could have argued with someone about the moral themes .
 This is a startling book and one in which Tess is forced to make difficult decisions in the face of awful circumstances .
 Tess of the D'Urbervilles plays out in Shakespearean tragedy-like fashion , but maybe there is more to the word tragic in the case of Tess , being that her problems are not self-inflicted , but more in line with blind fatalism . In fact , Hardy underscores the theme of injustice playing out in the common folk 's lives , with Tess being the microcosm of ill-fated individuals . The book is n't an uplifting read , but who 's to say that a tragic -- or even downright depressing -- novel ca n't have power , essentialness , importance , and beauty . Some condemn this novel as being `` boring and depressing '' , but I would argue that there is a beauty in Hardy 's prose , as he such a power in its way of making Tess ' story coming to life with poetic descriptions , and this adds such an element of pathos to passages depicting her fate . Despite her suffering and pitfalls , Tess is a tragic character you feel for by novel 's end , and there 's a sense that Hardy is sympathizing with his tragic heroine all along.When Tess ' father learns of supposed relations with a family of nobility , this sets in motion a series of events which leads to Tess leaving her family to go work at the D'Urbervilles estate in hopes of getting in good with the family . Tess ' foolish father sets the tone for the themes of poor calculations and mistiming repeated in the novel . As it turns out , Tess ' family is not related to the D'Urbervilles -LRB- a fact which no one from the family realizes -RRB- . Tess , while here , falls under the clutches of manipulative and superficial Alec D'Urberville . Returning home pregnant and somewhat disgraced , Tess experiences more setbacks when her baby , who she names Sorrow , falls sick and dies ; she can not even get a proper Christian burial for her baby . For the duration of the novel , Tess ' existence is synonymous with an emotional rollercoaster . Just as she is mourning her loss , she then goes to another place to work , where she encounters Angel Claire , a man she saw previously at a dance . Slowly , the two begin to get to know each other and fall in love , although Tess , based on earlier experiences , is mostly resistant to the idea of marriage . Tess wants Angel to know about her earlier experiences , but has a difficulty bringing herself to tell him ; finally , she attempts to leave a letter , but once again fate intervenes and Angel never sees the letter . After Angel wins her over , they decide to exchange their previous indiscretions after their marriage . However , as fate seems to plague Tess , Tess is more forgiving of Angel 's previous affair with an older woman than his forgiving of her relations with Alec . He ca n't forgive her . There is a sadness experienced as Angel leaves Tess ; perhaps we feel even more pity because we know that Angel , for all his goodness , is acting a bit too impulsive and rash , hypocritical at an important moment in Tess ' life . While it is a sad scene , Hardy is able to evoke great power in this moment . Tess once again finds Alec and Angel later in the novel , and each character acts in line with their character , but , as others have alluded to , the stars just seemed to be against Tess , and she makes a foolish , hasty decision.Despite this range of pathos experienced , Tess of the D'Urbervilles is a powerful , poetic read , one that moves you . Hardy takes on a ride of emotions through Tess ' life , and , she becomes a sort of martyr for the injustices in the world , a point that Hardy insinuates throughout . Hardy can capture the essence of detail one moment , and then invoke humanity the next . Sure , it 's not a picnic reading Tess , and it is a bit emotionally draining by end , but this is a deep , emotional novel that works on many levels , one that has stood the test of time for a reason . Tess of the D'Urbervilles is one novel I 'm glad is required reading .
 The most depressing book in the English language . And yet , I think I was the only person in my high school English class that actually liked it . Does this mean I 'm depressed ? We 'll leave that question for my analyst and just say I think I have a thing for melodramatic novels.Tess starts out a poor peasant girl with a drunk father and a stupid mother . After their only horse dies , they send her to their rich `` relations '' the D'Urbervilles , to beg for work . Her supposed cousin , Alec , rapes her and she has his child . The child dies in infancy and Tess leaves home to seek a new life and better work at a sunny dairy farm . At the dairy farm , she falls in love with a clergyman 's son , Angel Clare and they get married . On their wedding night , he tells her he is not as virtuous as his name , that he went on a bender in London and slept with a prostitute . She says `` That 's great , because I 'm not a virgin either - now forgive me . '' And he 's like , `` Um , no . My hypocritical moral beliefs will not allow me to be with a woman who is ` impure ' . Here 's some money . I 'm going to Brazil to be a farmer . `` So he leaves her and she wanders the land again searching for work and a new life . She 's doing back-breaking labor for little money on this awful farm when who should show up but ... Alec D'Urberville , her rapist cousin . He 's found Jesus -- until he sees Tess 's face again , and then he goes back to smoking cigars and being a general d-bag . He tries to get her to marry him , so he can possess her legally . She says no multiple times , until her father dies , leaving her family with no home and no money . So her mother sells her into marriage with Alec -LRB- This is the point in the novel when you , the reader , start thinking that suicide would be a good option for Tess -RRB- . Who should show up next , but Angel Clare ! He 's back from Brazil , having realized what a hypocrite he is . He finds Tess and begs her to be with him -- she tells him it 's too late . After Angel leaves , Tess kills Alec with a bread knife . Then Tess runs after Angel , tells him what she 's done and asks him to forgive her -- again . He 's like `` Whatever , we got ta get outta here . You 're on the lam now . '' So they run away and get as far as Stonehenge before the fuzz catch up with them , arrest Tess , then execute her for her crimes . The End.A fun , feel-good novel for the whole family .
 Hardy writes beautifully , tells stories , evokes feelings and describes landscapes , times and cultures that touch the reader 's core.Read this novel for the story and description , savor it later for the depth of existential questions and half-answers . Hardy is an early modernist , raising the big questions , describing the loss of classical innocence and hinting at potential paths to solutions . But , he does not provide definitive answers . His work suggests that the time of certain answers is permanently gone , to be replaced by a difficult journey , at best.Man has a burning need for significance and meaning , but can find neither fully . Character is the most important thing , shining through all situations ... but it is partially shaped by fate , chance , history , family , society and the environment ... and while potentially noble , ultimately inadequate to fully address the challenges of life.The reader leaves the book exhausted from the journeys , the hopes and the many pursuits . The flow of life and history continues in spite of the heroine 's choices . In the end we are left with a bittersweet memory of this life which Hardy personally inserts as narrator , `` will never be forgotten by those who knew her '' . Perhaps this is the best current answer to the ultimate questions .
 Tess of the D'Urbervilles may be Thomas Hardy 's greatest novel and would certainly be almost anyone else 's . A dark , sweepingly tragic vision , it is a masterpiece in nearly every area
 There are many good things I could say about this novel
 I bought it because it was mentiones so much in Fifty shades of gray , that I had to know Tess ! Great book , very refreshing ! The characters are so lovable !
 Reading it for the second time . Read it for the first time in high school . This is a good read and a good story .
 I thoroughly enjoyed Tess , even though it left me raging and gnashing my teeth at times . No picture of Victorian life can be complete without reading this book first .
 Good read . I would recommend this book . Do n't quite make the connection to Fifty Shades of Gray . Still , a wonderful book .
 It is a sad story , but the description of the places , the times and the people are incredible . I really enjoy it
 It is a moving romantic story which at the same time is an interesting and thought - provoking social criticism . I thought the book was wonderful !
 I loved this story . It almost reminds me of &#34; Pride & Prejudice &#34; , by Jane Austen . It was a good love story .
 A must read before you read Fifty Shades of Grey . Hardy 's work does not follow the ` cookie mold ' style of writing ... so refreshing .
 This book is great history lesson , written with love and passion.Young people could learn many good things about relationship between woman and man .
 Ok , this one is for all my friends at BHS . We read this book in class , and the book was n't bad , but that is a hard thing to tell when you have n't read through the book because your english teacher does n't encourage it enough because the students make the quizes for each phase . EVERYONE cheated . It was good . If she spent more time on teaching correctly rather than perming and afro-ing her hair , maybe we 'd have enjoyed it more .
 All I could say when I finished the book was , WOW . The rigid 1800s society and the wickedness of Alec were what really killed Tess by increments , but through it all she was a noblewoman in the truest sense . Thomas Hardy creates a strong female character that is sure to continue to stand the test of time with flying colors .
 Truly an excellently written book . From the very beginning , Tess comes alive . Her parents are witless drunks with two many children , and Tess must care for them . When news comes to her idiot of a father that once the Durbeyfields were the D'Ubervilles , a family with a famous past , money and land , her life takes some terrible turns.One of the best things about this book is that it is not happy-go-lucky . When terrible things happen to her , Tess has no where to go . If you want to see what life for women was like , you can easily find out through Tess.The end is very unexpected , and absolutely perfect , and very satisfying as well . I did n't need to know what happened next , I was n't dying to read a sequel , I was content.For you people who love happy books , that have happy endings , middles , everything - read something by Jane Austen . If you are into reality , check this book out .
 This is possibly the saddest novel I have ever read . I have been thinking about it ever since I finished it . Few novels have evoked so much emotion in me . Tess makes me feel sad , frustrated , and angry.Tess of the Durbervilles is the story of Tess Durbeyfield , the daughter of poor , alcoholic parents who learn that they are of a noble bloodline and send Tess off to work for her noble `` cousin '' Alec Durberville . While there , Alec rapes Tess and she has his illegitimate baby . This event ruins Tess 's life . She is no longer pure , and virginal , and therefore brings shame upon her true love Angel Clare when her past is revealed.It is hard to believe , in this day and age , that Tess is shamed and ostracized because she was the victim of a horrible crime . Hardy 's novel is a powerful statement on the questionable morality of Victorian society . Tess , who is a heroic , brave , caring , selfless woman , is not worthy of Angel because she is somehow impure due to the rape . Angel , who has lived with a woman out of wedlock and is clearly not a virgin himself , feels justified in punishing Tess when he learns of her past.The writing is beautiful , but the story tragic . It will stay with you a long time .
 I love all of Hardy 's books but this is my favorite thus far . The ending is definately not what I expected and I could not stop thinking about it for days afterward . It is a break from his earlier works in that things do not really turn out for the better in the end . In typical Hardy style , people and events in the main characters past come back to bite her in the behind at the worst moments . This story is like a powder keg which is gradually packed over time until the fuze is lit and everything explodes into a million pieces .
 I think Thomas Hardy is an interesting mixture of romantic poet and social realist novelist although his dramas take place in primarily rural settings . The poetic strain in Hardy 's temperament makes him romanticize some of the same things the romantic poets did . For instance few settings in his work are more powerfully evocative than a ruin . And his sense that we are at the mercy of both nature and our own emotions makes reading a Hardy novel a bit like reading romantic poetry . So if you like romantic poetry especially the bleaker of those poems you will like Hardy 's novels . Tess was made into a great film by Roman Polanski in 1979 -LRB- and another more recent film version appeared on A&E -RRB- and it is hard for a Victorian novel to compete with that kind of entertainment but what the novel has that the movie versions do not is Hardy 's descriptions of landscape . You may remember a scene from the -LRB- Polanski -RRB- movie when Tess is walking through a field and as beautiful as that scene was visually it is even more beautiful to read Hardy describe it poetically linking Tess to nature in a very sensuous prose passage . Hardy is not known for his optimism -LRB- most romantics are n't after all so very optimistic -RRB- and both his prose and poetry seem to seek out the starkest surrondings and settings to offset and emphasize the fleeting nature of those rare moments of beauty . If you like spending time in the country this novel is a kind of hike back in time and into the countryside where men and women live out their days affected by forces they can not altogether explain and that conspire in ways that do not lead down the rosiest of paths . Most of the men in this novel are weak , but Tess 's strength which is perhaps linked to her heritage makes this an unusual and powerful story . She is perhaps the best bit of poetry Hardy ever came up with . She is certainly the strongest thing ever to appear in a Hardy landscape .
 Much else has been said . Hardy in this book describes better than anyone I have ever read , the experience of being in love . Not one sentence , not one paragraph and not one scene
 I really really liked this book , but what I really think should happen here is to put full text cliff notes or barron 's book notes so that they 're easy to find . It 's driving me insane that I ca n't find one single critical essay about Jude the Obscure . It 's insane-driving .
 After many years of reading and prodding classics in my courses , Tess of the Durbervilles was not at all a book I wanted to read . But obliviously , I had to read it ... and Lucky I had to because Tess is one of the best of English literature ! Such a masterpiece ! Such a creation ! Such a tale !
 Thomas Hardy really outdid himself with the creation of this novel . Tess is the quintessential protagonist to pity , sympathize with , and root for . Wronged by at least three men -- her father , her cousin , and her husband -- she remains pure in every sense by the corporeal . There is an overriding sense of despair that pervades the novel . Yet , what 's a Hardy novel without that feeling?With this book , Hardy solidified his place as my favorite author . The author 's ability to perfectly describe the English countryside , the charm , yet provinciality of the country folk , and the repressiveness of Victorian morals , makes this book one of his best . His subtlety often makes the reader question what it is that he just read , and leaves many things open to interpretation . Thus , as with many good texts , rereading it might lead to different understandings of different scenes that took place.All in all , there are few books that I have read that have made me want to give up sleep just to read them . I adored Tess , and I adore this book .
 I am collecting the Penguin cloth covered books . These classic books look awesome in a bookcase . I would highly recommend them .
 Great read , had very few mistakes . The tragedy and triumph in this story has always attracted me , in a way that few stories have been able to do.It will always be on my favorite read list . Tess is the epitome of being a woman born in a time when circumstances really called for strength and courage . Now on my kindle fire and will go with me everywhere .
 `` Tess of the d'Urbervilles '' tells of the titular heroine ; a simple rural girl who , because of her beauty and gentle , trusting nature , is used and abused by those around her . The story begins when her impoverished family is informed that they are descended from a local wealthy clan . Her family sets about trying to better their situation by having Tess approach their distant relatives ; unfortunately , this decision results in Tess meeting the devious Alec d'Uberville , who agrees to help Tess , with the intent of seducing her . Despite being the victim , Tess is the one who will pay over and over again.Hardy has created a genuine masterpiece . The characters are complex - even the seemingly simple Tess . The incredibly sad story is used to explore human nature and the ways in which people treat each other . I found myself highlighting passage after passage of the book and noting the fundamental human truths Hardy describes . I was particularly struck by a passage in which , after her seduction , Tess ponders , `` The past was past ; whatever it had been , it was no more at hand . Whatever its consequences , time would close over them . '' She further muses , `` To all mankind besides , -LSB- she -RSB- was only a passing thought . Even to friends she was no more than a frequently passing thought . '' How true , but unfortunately , Tess ' past would never stop haunting her.When Tess meets the aptly names Angel Clare , she thinks that she has finally put the past behind her . Angel accepts her unquestioningly . Once again , though , fate intervenes and Tess is made to suffer for her past misdeeds , which are not really even misdeeds . At times , her victimhood is a bit much , and Tess appears weak , but her treatment is reflective of the sexual mores of the time , and Tess 's willingness to endure mistreatment to protect her family and others is noble . The plot marches toward tragedy , with Tess managing to miss every opportunity for happiness . A truly devastating book.Note
 I purchased the movie and wanted to read the book also . It is sad as well , as I see life lessons in reading this book . It follows the film exactly , especially the beginning , in my opionion .
 I put this book on my ipod and then thought I 'd like to be able to read it when I could n't listen . I have a kindle and kindle fire . It went to both Kindles ! Yea ! Now I have the book all places so how ever I want to read it I can !! Amazon makes it all happen like magic .
 Loving the book . Was in good condition and arrived in a timely manner ! I can not wait to funish the book . Great price too . Thank you !
 As always , I am greatly impressed with Amazon 's delivery of e-books for the Kindle . I often get books at no cost -LRB- the so-called `` old masters '' for which there is no charge -RRB- , and the service is just as speedy and efficient as if I were paying $ 50 !!
 I read this book in high school and I really liked it . Unfortunately it 's just a big sad story , and you 're constantly cheering for Tess . That being set aside , the book was physically in great shape , it shipped and arrived very quickly . I have ZERO complaints !
 I 'm only a third of the way through the book , so I ca n't fairly review it , although we all know it 's a classic and it is clearly a great story . Hardy 's classical allusions alone make the book worthwhile , even though I already know it 's a train wreck in the making and dread every page turn because I know Tess is going to take it in the chops , over and over.But why do I know we 've got a train wreck on our hands ? Because of the bleeping Introduction , which gives everything away ! Please ! Post a spoiler alert , for the love of all things literary!What I really wanted to share , however , is that this is a lovely book , just as far as the book itself goes . I read a lot of books on my Kindle and am very happy with it , but there is something so very seductive and special about this hardover edition with the pretty sheaves of wheat -LRB- red , of course ... that crops up a lot in this story ! -RRB- and I love the little red satin bookmark that is included . Just wish there were two of them ; one for the placemarker in the story and one for the notes at the end , which are copious and another great addition to this edition .
 Ok , this one is for all my friends at BHS . We read this book in class , and the book was n't bad , but that is a hard thing to tell when you have n't read through the book because your english teacher does n't encourage it enough because the students make the quizes for each phase . EVERYONE cheated . It was good . If she spent more time on teaching correctly rather than perming and afro-ing her hair , maybe we 'd have enjoyed it more .
 I agree with mulcahey -LRB- five stars , Sept. 23 , 2003 -RRB- , who sounds like a college professor . I 'm not a scholarly reader . I miss the hidden meanings , the underlying philosophy , and so on . I read purely for enjoyment -LRB- and sometimes education -- read Lolita if you want to discover new words -RRB- . In addition to what mulcahey said , the book is simply highly enjoyable to read . It 's very touching . It 's the kind of reading experience that will leave you thinking about it for days or weeks . The writing style is elegant and poetic . Anyone who has tried to write will appreciate the grace and beauty.It 's not a light read , like something you take on a plane to ward off boredom . It 's the kind of read that takes a little effort . The reward is definitely there , however .
 Thomas Hardy -LRB- 1840-1928 -RRB- created one of the great heroines in all of world literature when his pen drew Tess in 1891 . Tess Durbeyville is a poor girl in rural Wessex . Her father is a drunk with a weak heart . Her mother is childish and her parental skills are sadly lacking . Tess is the leader of the family . Her father learns their family descends from the aristocratic but decadent D'urberville clan who came to Britain with William the Conqueror . Tess visits a nouveau riche branch of the family . She is quickly seduced , drugged and becomes pregant by the evil Alec D'urberville . Tess returns to her family in disgrace . She baptizes the illegitimate child Sorrow who dies soon after birth . Tess travels to a a dairy owned by the Cricks . Here she meets Angel Clare the nonbelieving son of a ruralclergyman . Complications and irony ensue as in all Hardy 's well plotted novels . Angel is a weak man who is a fallen angel on what Hardy calls this blighted star -LRB- earth -RRB- . I did not care for him or his pious family!The culmination of the novel comes when Tess murders Alec ; flees with Angel ; is captured at Stonehenge and is hanged for murder . These are the plot developments but Tess is so much more.The book is a poetic prose masterpiece . Hardy the countryman provides rich evocations of the English countryside yielding its pristine beauty to the coming industrial age . Reapers and trains are intrusions into old Wessex 's slow progress of the bucolic season . Throughout the novel I appreciated Hardy 's hatred of killing animals and birds such as the poignant incident of the dying pheasants in a field following a wantonhunting expedition by humans . Tess too is hunted , hounded and caged like a bird entraped by her dire circumstances.Hardy fell in love with the fictional Tess . Who is she ? She is woman!An earth mother ; sacrificial victim ; a panther ; a temptress ; an innocent country girl ; a pagan goddess sprung from the soil of England ; a mysteriious presence who is often pictured in the fog and mists . Tess dreams as does a fairy tale princess . Tess is a woman of strong passions inherited from the D'urberville family who kills and loves , laughs and sings , cries and rejoices in the complicated and tragic life she is given.The prudery of Victorian England disdained Tess causing Hardy much pain . He often had to change the text of the novel to assuage the prim souls of his editors . And yet Tess lives in the minds of the reader as the acme of his creation of memorable female characters . One can never really understand the multifaceted Tess ; we can simply spend time with this fascinating witch and madonna . Tess will live forever in the minds of all of us who consider Hardy a genius .
 Tess 's father , Mr. Durbeyfield , is told by a minister that his family is the direct lineage of an old , noble family that was once thought to be completely gone . There 's nothing left of the family 's land and fortune , except the family name -LRB- d'Urberville -RRB- . However , Mr. Durbeyfield and his wife see this as a chance to move up on the social ladder . They devise a plan to send their daughter to become acquainted with a rich woman who 's last name is d'Urberville . From then on , Tess is left to try to maintain her dignity and honor and to pick up the pieces of her broken life that resulted from her parents ' need to be important.This is my first time reading anything by Thomas Hardy . I was warned that he was cynical man , and I 'll agree that Hardy 's prose is cynical , yet heartrending . I could n't help feeling bad for Tess through all her troubles . This is not a happy novel . For a moment , you think that things will get better for Tess , but the fates seem to be against her.The landscape of the novel changes with the mood of what 's happening . The land itself almost seems to be a living person that he described.He uses vivid , beautifully described imagery to describe people and places in his novels . There are themes of theology -LRB- Hardy had internal conflicts with believing in God -RRB- , virtue , the boundaries of love . He employs everything from Greek mythology to modern -LRB- or what was modern in his day -RRB- poetry.There are no illusions of a happily-ever-after in this story . This was simply a beautiful novel , a novel that portrays its female heroine as the strong woman she was . She could put more modern women heroines to shame .
 I was reading this book for an assignment in English , and the images that it left in my mind will remain there for a long time . The story of Tess , a truly Pure woman , facing adversities that scare the soul out of me , is a thoughtful and saddening one.The Norton Critical edition is particularily good , containing reviews and poems of and about Thomas Hardy , a major advantage when trying to understand the atmosphere that produced this novel.Though the novel is heavy in description , the description is not out of place . In fact , it is essential to the storyline.All in all , I enjoyed this book , and it made me think and reflect on the values that I believe are truly important .
 Since Hardy can be rather boring in his poetry , I expected that I would n't even be able to finish this book . On the contrary , as soon as I had started to read it , I coul n't put it down ! This is a work of great depth and Hardy has an amazing way of expressing himself , one that really captures the imagination -LRB- like Dickens -RRB- ! I heartily recommend this book for anyone , Victorian-lover or not . The articles are also highly illuminative ; this book is definitely worth reading more than once !
 I had Peglet 's experience when reading this book -LRB- and `` Jude the Obscure '' as well -RRB- . I recommend , as she does , that the reader not try to empathize with the characters ; it 'll make you too angry . I wanted to reach into the book and strangle Angel a few times , for reasons that are obvious to anyone who has read the book.I must point out that one reviewer has stated incorrectly that Tess was `` raped . '' If she had been , the book would not have had the force it does . It would have just been another `` victim of society '' or `` victim of men '' book . Take a close look at Tess ' confession to Angel on their wedding night.Think of this book not as an indictment of marriage and Victorian mores -LRB- although it certainly was meant to be , as `` Jude '' further develops -RRB- , but rather look at it as the relationships of three people who are never quite able to understand themselves and their natures well enough to avoid disaster . An excellent book . But once again , do n't try to empathize with the characters .
 Tess of the D'Ubervilles is sooo tragic ! I ca n't even ... So good , so romantic ... so sad ... so wonderful . Shakespeare 's tragedies never EVER touched me like this ! Promise me you 'll read it ! Just promise me!The most I can say in the way of analysis right now -LRB- and having just finished this story I probably should n't be writing this review with tears and the utter agony of human love and despair both streaming down my face -RRB- is that Tess is a classically tragic tale of what might have been but could never be . I hate to write anything so simple in the way of anyalyzing anything this vast , and there is no ONE LAYER or way of reading this story , but this to me is the overriding principle.That , at least , and the concept of what does it mean to be a pure woman/person ? Clearly Tess was pure , even in light of all that had happened to her . What a fool Angel was to let such a treasure slip out of his hands , and what a hypocrite ! I know I 'm understanding this from an American , 21st century way of thinking , but come on , Angel ?! Seriously !? You do n't blame the victim for their crime , and YOU had done the same thing WILLINGLY ! Blame yourself for bringing her to this end , you and the elitist group of fools you come from -LRB- author 's note
 I went into `` Tess of the D'urbervilles '' with full knowledge of the harsh fate waiting for Tess , but that knowledge still could not prepare me for how harrowing and painful that journey was for her , and the reader . The character of Tess is so moral , innocent , kind , and unselfish against the society that is anything but , that Hardy 's message of fate and social hypocrisy reveals itself full force in the novel . Tess has a love for life and an optimism that takes the harshest and cruelest society to beat down , and that is heartbreaking to behold.I thought this was going to be a stuffy English novel , despite the fact I quite enjoy -LRB- most -RRB- Victorian novels I read . However , I discovered that Hardy 's prose flows well and is even beautifully poetic . Some of the best lines come from Tess 's mouth , showing that she is not only morally upright , but also smart and incredibly perceptive.Hardy has a great way with words ; romantic scenes are intensely passionate , emotional letters drip with feeling , and narrations delve into the feelings and thoughts of the characters so that the reader can understand , pity , empathize and sympathize with them . Most surprising perhaps is Hardy 's understanding of the female mind ; I think he has developed Tess into a believable and realistic heroine , and he has many interesting things to say about the differences of the genders , especially during that time period . `` Tess of the D'urbervilles '' is a gorgeous yet heart-breaking novel . Not only does it entertain with its poetic prose and social themes , the novel also opens one 's mind to the hypocrisy of the times ; hypocrisies that even now may still appear in the thoughts and actions of people in this `` modern '' society .
 I read Tess of the D'Ubervilles two years ago . I have read several of Hardy 's novels and this is his best work . I recommend that everyone should read this novel.I am somewhat confused on some of the low ratings of this book and do not agree with the opinion of Tess . Tess is a strong woman who has weathered through some tough adversaries and situations . As with many books written in this time period , many women are weak , can not handle themselves and require a husband - not so with this novel.At the time this book was originally published there was much controversy and reviewers were very negative against Hardy -LRB- he stopped writing novels after bad reviews of Jude The Obscure -RRB- . This is unfortunate since this novel teaches us many things about life and respecting people even after 105 years.Update : I have read most of Hardy 's novels and still believe that Tess of the D'Ubervilles is his best work . I have since bought the Hardy complete poem edition by Palgrave and am looking forward to reading his poems -LRB- I like some poetry but not a total fan ; I am sure I will his poems -RRB- .
 The popularity of Hardy 's Tess makes me wonder why the apparent context in which the book was written seems to have been lost . Twelve years before Hardy 's Tess hit the shelf George MacDonald 's Paul Faber
 This is a wonderful story , it left me thinking instead of my usual forgetting about it 5 minutes later . The characters are intriging , and the story is interesting , making me not want to put it down . I -LRB- being only in high school -RRB- would definitly suggest that you read it .
 For English class , we wre assigned to read Tess . I love to read , but however was skeptical about this book . Once I started to read it , I just could n't stop ; I finished he whole thing way before deadline . I found the story incredibly intriguing , and the feelings and emotions so real I found myself throwing the book down in anger , screaming `` Darn it Tess , just marry him ! '' But i always picked it back up to see what would happen . It thorouhly engrossed me .
 I had difficulty at first staying with the book but after a couple of chapters I could n't put Tess down . As her character developed she showed me what a fine line the Victorian woman lived -- whether to profess her thoughts , will , love or to abide by society 's wishes and be self-sacrificing and totally obedient to the man she loves . Without spoiling the ending , her last act was the crescendo of all of the small ways in which she held herself back . There were times that I pleaded with her to `` go to him '' or `` tell him '' but it would have been out of character for a woman of her day . Hardy kept us informed of the landscape , weather and all living things in Tess 's environment , which I found breathtaking on many occasions . He painted the picture of his perfect woman . So perfect that he did n't want anyone to have her because he loved her himself . I enjoyed Tess very much .
 `` I became acquainted with Thomas Hardy through another of his classic works , which lent to my curiosity on this one when the audio version was made available to me . It was an experience , to the say the least , hearing how the innocent life of this girl of late 19th century England played out . For no reason other than her own naivet&eacute; is she rendered with injustice and prejudicial attitudes of the day - Hardy 's denouncement of his own country 's false morals . In my view , all males of our current day and age should find this impressive work required reading , and then determine whether they are an Alec D'urberville or an Angel Clare . It seems we all fall into one category or the other . ''
 If there were more than five stars possible , this book would get about seven . Hardy 's excellent descriptions and deep pathos combine to make this novel one of the best and saddest books I have ever read . This one is a must-read , but be prepared to cry .
 Please ignore the immature high-school student reviews and understand that this book is a masterpiece . Hardy analyzes the relationship between human desire and society 's mores to an unprecendented degree . The characters are multi-faceted and very life-like . Hardly aptly avoids the mistake of creating mere carciatures of the pure woman , idealistic intellectual , and spoiled playboy . Moreover , his use of religious allusion is excellent although this may alienate the modern , secular reader . And perhaps this is the problem with some readers . Finally , Tess is an admirable and strong woman who had difficult circumstances . How many people would act as admirably in her circumstance ? Not many ! The reviewers that criticize her actions should realize this and that they ignore one of Hardy 's key points
 It 's been a long time since I 've read a book written in this type of literary style so I have to admit it took some getting used to . Once I got into it though I really enjoyed the story . There was a real sense of sympathy for Tess , a real sense of hatred for Alec , and a sense of &#34; what ? &#34; with Angel that could not be denied . As the story was reaching its climax I found myself racing to the finish . The ending will leave you angry , sad , infuriated ... Tess 's life was so manipulated and in the end torn apart by family . Great story . I highly recommend this book .
 Hardy cleverly divides this novel into `` phases '' , like those of the moon , and each has its own atmosphere within the greater plot . It 's a novel about the destruction of innocence with two of the most complex male characters in fiction ; Alec , who seems like the archetypal pantomime villain but never abandons Tess , and Angel , the bad harp player who appears to be a perfect lover but who turns out to be a hypocrite of the highest order . The famous Stonehenge scene at the end is almost poetry , which is the way Hardy was heading in his career . It 's impossible not to empathise with Tess , whom Hardy calls `` a pure woman '' in the part-title .
 Great story . But so , so sad ! It is one of those books that you love , but hate how sad the story is . You can not help but feel for Tess as life seems against her at every turn .
 This is one of the most emotionally powerful books I have ever read . It 's long and the writing style is a bit wordy by today 's standards , but stick with it and you will be rewarded . The story centers on poor , innocent , good-hearted , beautiful Tess who , at age sixteen , is persuaded by her parents to visit their wealthier relatives in hopes that they will help Them out financially . Tess gets taken advantage of by her sleazy `` cousin '' , Alec d'Urberville , and returns home pregnant , her reputation ruined . Thus begins Tess 's sad , sad tale . Tess eventually marries Angel Clare , a man she idolizes , but on their wedding night ... . Well , I 'll let you read it for yourself and find out what happen . The story really picks up in the second half , so do n't give up on it.Tess , Alec , and Angel are all complex and fascinating characters . The story deals with issues of religion , morality , class differences , the changing English economy , and the double standard that pertains to men and women . It never loses its focus on Tess and her incredibly moving story . It builds to a devastating conclusion that I never saw coming . Have a box of tissues and a carton of ice cream at the ready when you finish this book . You 'll need them !
 Absolutely so amazing , fun , exciting , emotional , drama , love , erotic , romantic , passionate , sexy book !! I Love the whole series of books !!
 This book was a true tragedy between two social classes and a girl who tried helping her family and herself at the same time , and yet she suffered for it in the end .
 This year I decided to reread some classics , and read some I never had read . This one was a little tough for me . I 'd be reading and have to backtrack few pages for the first time ever .
 did it for o level and at tertiary and still love the plot and thought put into this . a good book for the ages
 Poor Tess ! Life is hard from beginning to end for this poor girl.Ikept hoping something would work out for her but alas it never did.Still a great read another Hardy classic I really enjoyed !
 I have a hard time trying to get into the time frame of this , and other Hardy books . In the context , Tess seems to be the victim of an unreasonable expectation of purity , but it is her own actions and evasions that lead inevitably to catastrophe.Damn , Girl , whatever happened to the weekend hookup , and club sex ??? Only say &#34; yeah , I did him , get out or get over it . &#34; and all the troubles go away.Love her nonetheless .
 WONDERFUL DISCRIPTIVE NOVEL . HEARTWARMING & HOLDS YOUR INTEREST . HARD TO PUT IN DOWN . WOULD READ IT AGAIN . CREATIVE WRITING BY AN EXCELLENT AUTHOR .
 This was the first book of Thomas Hardy 's , and I read it in my English class . The book is , at times , difficult to read , and it is filled with Biblical allusions that the average reader may not comprehend . Nevertheless , it is a powerful story , one that I would highly recommend . Beyond the story is Hardy 's description of the English countryside , which , in themselves , are masterpieces . Granted , it is not an idealistic in tone , but still , it is an astounding novel . Anyone who does not read Thomas Hardy is doing themselves a disservice .
 The classic tale of Tess of the D'Urbervilles is a deceptivly simple story . What at first appears to be a story of a young woman becomes a symbol of nature versus the mechanical world , love and hate , and good versus evil.The pure , sweet , young Tess is at odds against the world and in seeking to aide her family in their struggle to survive she becomes entrapped in a new world of deciet , betrayal and pain . Her quest to ask the aide of recently discovered , distant kin leads Tess unwillingly into the arms of Alec her `` cousin '' and from this action her life falls into a spiral of difficulties . Her misdeeds and those of others lead again and again to trials in her life . Hardy creates wonderful full-bodied characters and sets into motion one of the greatest stories of a woman of all time . Ideas of love , hate , betrayal and the nature of the world all mingle to make a superb novel .
 `` Tess of the d'Ubervilles '' is the story of a young and innocent woman who wants nothing more than to live a happy life . Every time Tess comes close to happiness something goes wrong . By the end of the book the emotional stress of Tess 's life is clear , leaving the reader sympathetic to her misfotune .
 After reading Tess of the Durbervilles I could not help but feel a little disapointed when I finished it . I could n't tear myself away from it . I absolutely adored Tess 's manners and her `` cousins '' annnoying manner of Tess 's sweet temper . I always wondered wether if Tess and he would get together throughout the entire novel.Boy was I surprised !
 This is a tragic , timeless story . I was in awe of Hardy 's ability to flesh out this woman , Tess Durbyfield , and just give her total realism . The other main character , Angel Clare , is also brilliantly flawed , and shows you that in real life there is no such thing as a prince charming . If you can sit and work through the sometimes tedious 19th century style of Hardy , you will come away from this book moved . That is , unless you 're a high-school chap too busy worrying about whose going steady with whom to care about anything important .
 This book gave me an insight into myself . It opened my eyes and my heart to the good and bad of this world . It 's and excellent book in every way , and I would recommend it to most readers . It 's one of my favorites .
 The tragity of this book was astounding ! You just have to buy this book ! I felt like ripping out the pages and buying Tess of the Durberville books for my friends at the same time . This book presents plenty of mixed emotions . If your a weak person , emotionally , try read a softer Hardy book like THE MAYOR OF CASTERBRIDGE , other than that , grab some tissues , and be prepared to control your emotions , it 's one heck of a crazy rollercoaster ride .
 Tess of the Dubervilles is a truely tender and fascinating book that deeply feels the human heart . This is not a book for the average Daniel Steel - Stephen King reader . Tess is highly reccommended only for those who can respect and understand great literature that has lived through decades of readers and prints . One is left thinking , pondering what sort of a person Tess was . An adolescent who remained one in adult hood ? Or a child who has had many experiences-good or bad - to consider her part of the elder human race .
 Thomas Hardy is a beautiful and horrible writter . Beautiful for how he uses words to for sentences to form paragraphs to form a book . Yet horrible on how he can do such a thing to his characters . Tess 's death reminds me of Lady Jane Grey , age 15 , the queen of england for 9 days . A beautiful and intelligent being , died innocently from a hanging . Jane Grey died `` a true Christian woman . '' Tess `` dies as a pure woman . ''
 About fifteen years ago , this book was almost universally considered Hardy 's great masterpiece . However , times have changed and its relevance is not as immediate as that of Hardy 's last novel , Jude the Obscure . Still , the message of this book is far from foreign . Hardy 's gift for creating sympathetic characters seems infinite in magnitude . His prose is unique and at times more harrowing in tone than Conrad 's . This book would be a great introduction to the work of one of the great masters of English Literature .
 This is a wonderful book written by Thomas Hardy . When i first bought this book I had someone with me that said it was n't very good , but I bought the book anyway and am now really glad that I did . Tess is such a sweet woman who has bad luck within her life.The man who abuses her and the man who loves her and can not forgive her . It is a beautiful romance story with a unforgettable ending . I almost cried after reading this book and it has now become my all time favourite.You really should read it . Thomas Hardy manages to tell the tale magically and Tess will forever be in your memory .
 Everytime I picked up this book I wanted to scream to Tess to reveal to Angel her true self , because only then could her romance with him be the perfect one she so long sought . Hardy tells it well , attempting to understand the ridicule and unjustice women had to endure at the time . Although he could never fully percieve a woman 's point-of-view , I thought he did a good job expressing the trying times women had ; those that women have overcome .
 any woman can both despise and admire tess at the same time for her weaknesses & her strength . under such repressive conditions of the victorian society , i believe that she handled her blighted situation as best she knew how ... theres so much more to say , its a terrific novel .
 No one else can write such a forceful story with a forceful plot as well as Thomas Hardy can . You feel pain , grieve , and above all respect for the characters in a sense . This book just gives off vibes of wonder , no book has this same power.Everyone should read TESS OF THE DURBERVILLES or at least something by Thomas Hardy at least once in their lives .
 Hardy 's Tess of the d'Urbervilles is intellectually stimulating with its literary allusions and captivating storyline .
 Thomas Hardy is as close as the novel ever got to Shakespeare , and this is his ` Midsummer Night 's Dream ' -LRB- or nightmare -RRB- . It is a pastoral - the set-piece descriptions of nature -LRB- the play of light at differing times of the day , the verdant plenitude during Tess and Angel 's courtship , the astonishing effect of bonfires at dusk etc. -RRB- are among the most overpoweringly vivid in literature , genuine word-painting - and an anti-pastoral , with even the natural world infected with poisonous , unnatural social conventions , with the growth of Talbothays petrified into the sterile limbo of Flintcomb-Ash . As in Shakespeare , there is a conflict in ` Tess ' between the surface , linear plot , which tells a transient , austere tale of some people whose existence is short and ultimately barren , and the movement of the imagery , eternal , self-generating . The abundance of the latter makes the relentless grimness of the former just about tolerable -LRB- although the Flintcomb-Ash section is painfully unreadable -RRB- - as in Shakespeare , the burden of sexuality and emotion denied by society is placed on the natural world , on the language and the imagery , so the emotional deprivation in the plot starkly contrasts with its potent , lubricious surroundings.The plot is not ` realistic ' , but ritualised and patterned , set in heavily symbolic , paganistic sites , human nature stylised in pageants and tableaux . The climactic part , where Hardy twice startlingly changes narrative point-of-view , ushers in a new age of anti-Victorian fiction .
 A true joy to read , Tess of the D'Urbervilles is filled with situations that paint pictures of real life . Hardy knew that Tess ' reality was filled with enough emotion and drama that there was no reason to add to it the things fairy tales are made of.When reading Tess of the D'Urbervilles you are brought into the story by Hardy 's suberb way of sketching the scene . Though Hardy 's descriptive writing can sometimes be hard to digest , his choice of words allow you to enter the landscape and smell the glen yourself.Overall , an excellent book for the more ambitious reader , and for the one who is n't afraid of the less popular unhappy outcomes .
 Tess of the D'Urbervilles by Thomas Hardy is one of the best books I have read in the past five years . It combines love and tragedy wonderfully . The characters leave memories enbeaded inside your mine . Especailly , Tess and Angel . Their love for each other is magical . It truly is a wonderful love story . By saying this you have to have a thought-provoking mind to understand the different subject matter . That is why most people read the book because you have to think and it is a sad story . I personally had to read it for class , and what honestly surprised me is the cleverness Hardy portrays to make his heroine more real rather than just another character . The way that it starts off how Tess and Angel do n't seem like they are going to get together and how they eventually do . When they finally get together Tess has a confession to make to Angel . In the book we find out that Tess may have been raped or seduced by Alec . We are not sure but Angel leaves Tess because either way she is n't pure anymore . This is so hypocritical of Angel because Tess forgave him for having an affair with an older woman in London but he does n't forgive Tess . So basically he 's a jerk to be blunt with it . Eventually Angel forgives his wife , Tess and they leave Brazil . Tess goes back to Alec and murders him , so she can be with Angel without any worries . Due to this they hid away but get caught and the tragic ending comes . Tess is exacuted for what she has done.I like how the plot is not really `` realistic '' but follows a designed pattern , using heavy symbolic means . Hardy writes the book to leave an effect of you . You feel Tess 's agony and confusion . You want to help her and wish you could show her the right path to take . I found myself talking to her when I read the book so she can do the right thing . That shows how Hardy gets you really involved . Difficult or not , if you like to read , I strongly recommend reading Tess of the D'Urbervilles . It is deservinly allowed to be called a classic . Hats off to Hardy .
 Thomas Hardy is a master craftsman . With the help of words that fit the sentences like a key into a lock , Hardy ensnares his readers like a spider traps a fly . Such is the power of Hardy 's prose . `` Tess of the d'Urbervilles
 I found myself disecting each paragraph and reading sentences over and over again , with no reason to may I also add . There was so much meaning behind everything , so much depth and wandering.Unlike many readers , I do think Tess to be a heroine , she was strong enough to tell Angel about her past , which haunted her and she knew that it would have affected Angel and her 's relationship.Vibrant and alive , this tale jumps down your skin .
 This tragic tale of a women plagued by an unfortunate past is truly one of the saddest tales ever writtn . Thomas Hardy 's skill in tying the parts of the story together is meticulous . The commentaries and other supplemental information contained in this edition are informative and helpful .
 What is the point of reading classic literature if all you are going to do is analyse it ? What a waste . Hardy , Austen et al would be turning in their graves if they knew that their work would be treated in this way by self-proclaimed experts . Classic novels are to be enjoyed ; they are written for the satisfaction of all readers , not just to massage the egos of academics.Yes , I 've studied classic literature , and it is n't the genre I am typically interested in . However , `` Tess of the d'urbervilles '' is the novel that has inspired me to give this genre another try . I found it to be incredibly moving ; dismissing the idea that it was poorly written . I 've found English literature too stifled by its own airs and graces , but this is not the case with Thomas Hardy . He paints a picture of great hope in a way that allows us to empathise -LRB- unlike some of his contemporaries -RRB- with the characters of a different era.I recommend anyone who wants to start reading classic English literature to begin with `` Tess of the d'urbervilles '' . You will find it an easily accessible read . It is beautiful , hopeful and tragic .
 A love story that has all of the makings of a made for TV movie . Tess goes though so much and is treated so unkind that you immediately feel for her . If you like the thought of an undying love , but do n't fancey the Harlequin Romances then you 'll love this . I cried at the end ... and I do n't cry over books .
 My kindle is making me do this ... One two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve thirteen
 A classis that will never loose its appeal . Read it along with 50 Shades of Grey to make the comparison as she does in the book .
 I ordered Tess of the d'Urbervilles during school vacation week and immediately received an email from Amazon telling me of the estimated arrival time -LRB- about one week -RRB- . So you can imagine my surprise when I received it two days earlier than expected without having to pay for an extra shipping charges . I was quite amazed at the speed at which Amazon was able to send me my product . Something else worth noting is that my item was n't damaged at all -- as I would have expected if it arrived here much earlier than I intended it to.Overall , Amazon is great at sending items and allowing you , the customer , to stay up to date on where your item currently is .
 This is an amazing book , the story of a poor English girl that finds out she is an decedent of a French aristocratic family . Tess is put on a quest by her father to visit France and to research her heritage , there she finds a deceitful mother and son wrongfully living in her rightful house . Tess is eventually raped by the son , she then returns to england pregnant and ashamed . There she begins work as a poor milk made , eventually Tess falls in love with a preacher 's son named Angel . Tess gives birth to her son , naming him sorrow , but the baby dies shortly after birth . The deceitful son who raped her eventually tracks Tess down to a hotel on the English West coast and confronts Tess , but Tess in rage kills him . Angel seeing what Tess has done , then flees with Tess across england and eventually ending up at Stonehenge . There at Stonehenge they fall asleep and when they wake up , the police are there . The two are taken off to prison , and the last seen of the book is Angle watching the prison flag go up , signalizing Tess 's execution.P.S.-RRHS-Kasa-Thiel-Hasty
 I have to agree with some of the other reviews . This is one of the best , if not the best , novel ever written . 5 stars is n't enough .
 There is many ways to look at this book and how it corolates to his Hardy 's life but the point is I think he wanted to make this a beautiful work of art . And it is . Many girls who went through tough times in life can relate to this like I have . It might not be dramatic as this book but I have been in many situations that were unbelievable and `` soap opera - ish '' and I have seen all sorts of people and I do not misjudge people because everyone at one point in their lives do things out to character . This book is good and I ca n't say well written but it is a good piece of art .
 It was really a great book , but what is Tess 's problem ?!? She is just too trusting and dependant . And Angel . He 's seriously got issues . I mean , come on ! He liked Tess just because she was perfect !! DO N'T GET ME WRONG , THE BOOK REALLY WAS GREAT !!
 Bought this product under the impression it was dish washing soap . Tried it anyway and it worked really well . My dishes have never sparkled with quite so much luminosity . Highly recommended .
 HARDY HAS A MAGICAL WAY OF CREATING A CHARACTER THAT EVENTUALLY BECOMES REAL TO US . REAL IN THE SENSE THAT WE CRY WITH HER , WE EMPATHIZE WITH HER AND MOST OF ALL , WE WANT THE BEST FOR HER . TESS HAD PERSONAL QUALITIES THAT WE OFTEN FIND IN OURSELVES WHICH EXPLAINS OUR NEED FOR HER TO FIND HAPPINESS . OBVIOUSLY , THEN EXPLAINING OUR SORROW WHEN THE POOR SOUL EVENTUALLY SUBMITS TO HER UNHAPPINESS BY KILLING HER LOVER . HONESTLY , CAN WE SAY THAT WE WOULD NOT DO THE SAME IN SUCH HOPELESS CONDITIONS ? THERE GO I , BUT FOR THE GRACE OF GOD . -LRB- HENCE , THE REAL SOURCE OF OUR SYMPATHY . -RRB-
 A favorite Hardy classic of mine , Tess of the Durbervilles is a haunting look at a lost young woman , who through the harshes of life , including rape and childbirth , is dupped by her husband the day after their wedding has taken place , after they confess to each other of their horrid pasts .
 I ca n't believe how tragic this book is ! I picked up this book with an unexpected decision . The book I was supposed to read was Queen of the Damned , but then I saw this book and the cover appealed to me . So I decided I 'll read it . At first it was kinda boring , until the last 1/3 of the book , I was so depressed by it ... how fate was toying with them , and how their characteristic had decided their fate ... Anywayz , this is truly a wonderful book , either by plot , writing , background , history , religion , describtion , etc etc , it 's all with perfection . Read it , even though the beginning part might be kinda boring , it 's for you to understand it better.I 'd recommend this book to anybody , and if you like tragedies , you definitely * have * to read it !!
 The tragic story of a young pretty fresh-faced virgin woman hurt and tortured by two men and by the harsh , mean society in which she lives in to attain . Thomas Hardy 's most striking & tragic heroine , Tess is a woman of intense vitality and goodness , and posssibly the author 's favorite tragic female character .
 A chance discovery by a beautiful peasant lady that descendant from a thought to be dead noble family line of d'Urbervilles is to change the course of her life . Tess Durbeyfield leaves home on the first of her fateful journeys , and meets the ruthless Alec d'Urberville . Whom rapes her , as she suffers with the consequences of the attack .
 The world-renown greatest pessimistic writer , Thomas Hardy , has produced a weak , vulnerable , yet brave hearted female by the name of Tess , to accept and conquer her heart and pains . The death and love she feels , will make you want to rip your heart out . This is comparable to Jane Eyre , The Awakening , Madame Bovary , and many other first-female characters who have to overcome their hearts to understand and grasp the truth of life .
 Tess of the Durbervilles is a true great work of literature , one England writers and citizens can be proud of . Tess is a vulnerable , yet sweet and gentle young woman , who fell into the wrong hands , at the wrong time of lifee .
 Because of her fresh beauty - think Uma Thurman-she is pursued . Because of her sex - female gender - she is helpless . Because of her helplessness-being in female form - she is taken . She then is captured & violated . Because she is violated she is ruined . Yet , still a pure woman
 Tess of the Dubervilles is a classic novel that deserves much more credit than it is given . The average Stephen King/Sandra Brown reader will not be one that should read Tess , especially if they do n't order Classic Novels on their dinner menu . Tess is a tragic story about a tragic young female , who at glance may seen mentally insane/disturbed , but if you read deeply enough , feel her emotions , you 'll know that she 's just as sane as any one of us , she 's a pure woman .
 A compeling and creepy classical fiction to read . It felt like I was doing something wrong by reading Tess , even though I did not have a reason to believe why . But the bottom line 's that , from the first chapter until the last , you 'll feel as if there 's someone standing behind you , ready to hurt you . Your spirit feels free , that 's what Thomas Hardy can do to you as a person .
 Ok , the first time I too this book out of the library , I got halfway through it before I hurled it at the wall . I could n't stand the characters and I was so mad and frustrated with them I returned it without finishing it . A month later , it was drivng me crazy not knowing how the characters fared , and I took it out and finished it . But this time , I knew how to read it
 Thomas Hardy 's novel , Tess of the D'Urbervilles , is truly a classic . Hardy 's use of vivid imagery to evoke emotion was magnificent . His ability to bring life to the scenes of the novel made the comprehension of the story much easier . The sad story of Tess ' demise was provided with a great deal of emotion , which made the novel incredible to read.We follow Tess throughout her life , experiencing all the emotions associated with her horrific teenage years . We are able to see the progression of her character and the emotions that drove her all the way towards the end of novel . It was evident that Hardy used his keen ability to address his opinion of the imminent will.Hardy has done an outstanding job , and though Tess ' story , he has addressed serious problems with society that have transcended to even this era . An outstanding job ! To see that the only a few people have given this novel five stars amazes me ! Tess was an extraordinary novel ; the power of this work of literature is unlike any other . It is unique and a must read for any high school student . I 'm proud to say that this novel was enjoyable and an interesting read . From start to miserable finish , Hardy kept my eyes glued . His vivid imagery and interesting diction proved to be a great addition to an already interesting plot .
 A must read . Thomas Hardy 's diction is unforgettable . Just like a Shakespeare play , every sentence must be savored . Despite the seemingly overwhelming amount of detail included , the novel is extremely readable . All this detail allows the reader to have vivid pictures of each and every scene painted in their minds . From the action filled beginning to the somewhat predictable but nevertheless fantastic ending , the reader will be on the edge of his or her seat , wondering what misadventure Tess will fall into next . The protagonist , Tess , can easily be classified as a heroine of the Victorian era . Her character is impossible not to love , tragically selfless , humble , and beautiful inside and out . The events of the novel make one feel an anger towards not only some of the characters , but towards what they represent and the society which they live in . From the misogynistic , deceitful character of Alec to the well-intentioned but foolish character of Tess 's mother , even to our main character , the wide eyed , innocent , ever altruistic character of Tess , every character has a statement to make about the world that Hardy places them in . And with Tess 's fatal flaw , one ca n't help but think of how applicable it is even in today 's time . Making bold statements on gender lines , social status lines , and the inevitability of fate , this novel transcends time . A quick recommendation-though at times the book may seem to drag out , it is certainly worth it to continue reading and finish the novel . Also , as the novel progresses , the wording certainly gets easier to understand .
 The stories and the characters may seem simple and dramatic , however , of the classic nature of Greek mythology , consistent with other books by the author , such as The Return of the Native , and the Mayor of Casterbridge . The essence of the book seems to me , is about the tragedies humans suffer , caught in the conflicts between nature and culture . The nature is harsh but straightforward as love is , but the culture presents hypocrisies and judgment , separating people between splendid star and blighted one . Whether to worship the sun , or to worship the standards of Judeo Christianity ? There are different judgments in wealth vs. poverty , religion vs. spirituality , men 's honor vs. women 's purity . And there is plenty of ambiguity in all of them but ultimately , the `` anachronism of love and chance '' leads the characters to classic tragedies in the end . Beautiful writing .
 The title character Tess journeys across the rural English countryside amidst a stark voyage of discovering exactly who she is . Her story is one filled with various sorrows , cathartic or otherwise , punctuated by only fleeting amounts of peace and happiness tossed somewhere in-between . It 's not an easy read -- nor is it meant to be -- for a few reasons . Hardy thrives on description , some of which might seem unnecessary to the modern-day reader -LRB- particularly the extended glimpses of the dairy farms -RRB- , though we do need to understand the Victorian world we 're in . Consequently , the author wants to garner as much support as he can for his protagonist , who loses her innocence quickly and spends most of the book scraping up the pieces of a wreckage that was never her fault in the first place . And these glimpses into her troubled consciousness ache and resonate with us a century on . So if we understand the atmosphere she has to contend with , we begin to understand Tess -- and sympathize with her plight and misfortune along the way.When the meat is torn off the skeleton , it 's a solid -LRB- albeit lengthy -RRB- read about the meshing and clashing of various characters in nineteenth-century England . The choices of some of the characters throughout , some of which might be construed as twists , are not entirely believable though add definite color to the work , especially the last two `` phases . '' These culminate in a conclusive ending that is both haunting and beautiful . This wo n't be for everyone , though if you can withstand some archaic language here and there , you might enjoy this tragic tale about love , loss , and a stringent society that tried so desperately to dictate both .
 This is a great book . The desriptions are beautiful . I was shocked to see how many people trashed it.Look , Thomas Hardy was portraying the tragic struggle of a simple country girl living in the 19th century . Women were n't treated well , let alone poor women . In my opinion , he spoke of Tess with tenderness and compassion . He was not trying to say she deserved all that anguish , but the reality is that that 's the way it was . If anything I think he was trying to advocate respectful treatment of women .
 I first read this book as a teenager . It has been a few years since I was a teenager , to say the least , but it will always stay with me as one of the `` best books I have ever read '' that is for sure . Among many wonderful attributes Hardy brings alive the English countryside so incredibly well . Tess struggles and loves so deeply and I wanted so much for her to be happy . I understand why and how she came to do what she did .
 This review is for Amazon.com - do n't read if you do n't want a spoiler for the ending . I loved this book - it had great character development , a truly elegant writing style , and a plotline that kept me enraptured right up to the end . Hardy 's forte was capturing the irresistability of temptation even with the most staunch of intentions . However , I 'm quite irritated at the amazon.com editorial review that gives away the entire ending . What 's up with that ? Thinking that Amazon of all places would n't be so daft as to give away the ending in the review , I was expecting the ending in the middle of the book and was sorely disappointed to learn that WAS the ending and that I had known it all along . Please update the editorial review and remove the details of the story ending.As for the ending itself , I agree with some of the other reviewers that the ending was n't quite as expected . While the plot of the ending was n't unexpected -LRB- especially having read the editorial review -RRB- , the turn of events and seemly strong character traits of Angel and Tess appear to have evaporated in an instant . While Angel had to spend a year away from Tess to work up to his acceptance of her prior transgression , he does n't seem to think more than a blink of her having killed a man . And Tess holds such a strong belief in her own low self worth , that she is unwilling to marry the man she loves for disgracing him . And then , kills a man without as much thought as deciding to boil a cup of tea . So , even though the writing style and the majority of the book were fantastic , the ending is the spoiler and the reason for only 4 stars . This book is still very much worth a read simply for the enjoyment of the journey .
 Just a fantastic novel . The larger issues it addresses , as is the case with Dostoyevsky and Tolstoy , are the very largest that we face . But the detail is also there , all the way down to every scent , sound , and emotion of the daily commute of a young milkmaid in Victorian England . That such strikingly detailed imagery sits easily atop the largest issues of our existence is a marvel . An amazing , important novel . One of the best .
 This is one of my all-time favorite novels . Hardy expects you to be intelligent enough to understand the classical references in his novel without having to explain them to you . Even if you miss all of those however , it 's still an excellent read . I would definitely recommend this book to everyone who enjoys reading.Eric Gundberg
 Exquisite writing , fascinating story , a rural English world so real it 's as if you 're walking through it , smelling every meadow and farmyard , hearing every hoof beat and raindrop , feeling the sun and the mist , seeing every color change as the light shifts . Readers who like Tom Clancy will probably find Hardy too slow . Readers who like James Joyce will probably find Hardy too old-fashioned . The more time I spend in Hardy 's world , the happier I am , even when the outcome is unhappy , as it is with Tess . It 's hard to pick a favorite of his books ; they 're all so wonderful , but if I had to choose only one to take to a desert island , this would probably be it -LRB- though a tough choice between this and `` Far From the Madding Crowd '' -RRB- . My husband and I dream of going to Dorset because of Hardy . I hope one day we make it . You simply ca n't do better than Tess of the D'Urbervilles . Also highly recommended is Roman Polanksi 's film `` Tess , '' probably the most faithful and beautiful film adaption of a classic novel ever .
 Tess was so tortured I was sure she would end up happily . But no . An unbelievably sad ending . Poor Tess . Men !!!
 This book is a n excellent read . An intense story worth the time . You will not be disappointed . A great buy .
 This was probably one of the best books I 've ever read . Nothing could top Pride & Prejudice , but this is a real literary masterpiece . The way Hardy creates depth of character leaves you feeling utterly heartbroken ... like it was happening to one of your own loved ones ... or even yourself . Even Alec , as the antagonist , becomes something more than just someone you automatically hate.I would recommend this book to everyone that enjoys well written literature with captivating stories . However , I would say that is is n't at all for the faint of heart . I was nearly inconsolable for an entire night after I finished this novel , and I still find myself thinking about it a week later . Amazing book . Loved every page of it .
 The first time I read this book was 18 years ago . Despite it being a long book , I really enjoyed it . I could n't remember why , until I read it again , this time using the Kindle . I remembered why I enjoyed the book , but this time I enjouyed it more , because I could just carry around my Kindle .
 I read this book because it was quoted in the `` Shades of Grey '' trilogy . I like to read books other authors have read or recommended or quoted . I like reading period pieces and about the lifestyles of how people lived and viewed the world at different times in our history , and this book falls into that category . It 's a love triangle with serious characters and story line . Sometimes I make the mistake of thinking people were not sophisticated 2 hundred years ago , but they were and had difficult issues in which to deal within their cultures . As the author was an Englishman , there were loads of vocabulary learned with reading this book , but it was fun because it 's so easy with the Kindle to look up a word . It 's a story of innocence lost , love found , lost , found again , and ultimately lost again -LRB- and ever so tragically -RRB- . Sometimes I enjoy when a story ends not all tied up in a pretty little bow like this one .
 good cast , good story , nice to read in the true form ... ... ... ... ... ... ... . .
 Sometimes a classic is the best read . Long , enduring , artful descriptions and English prose make a great combination with love tradgey and human nature .
 This is a wonderful book to read . It was one of the first classics I downloaded to my Kindle & was not disappointed . Would highly recommend it !
 Loved the story . Hardy has such a wonderful way of spinning a tale and with great insight into the characters soul and personality . Many olde English words you ca n't even find in the dictionary . Not many words go to waste here .
 fascinating story of an ancient civilization
 This may be entirely shallow , but I bought 8 of these books just because I was obsessed with the cover design ... they look so great on the shelf , and I am sure they are good reads too ! I have only read one of the books -LRB- Wuthering Heights -RRB- and I liked it . I was planning on giving these as gifts , but now I am going to keep them ! My only qualm ... the pages are bright white , and I wish they had gone with a more `` vintage-y '' look on the inside to match the outside . But I guess they will get that with age ; -RRB-
 This book has touched me in a very different way than many others have . It is a tragic story and envelopes the reader in a different kind of sadness - a sadness which one can not pull out of quickly or just draw aside . Many thoughts contained in this book are worthy of reflection . Each lingers in your heart . The happy moments are all tinged with a bitter taste . Each character is flawed as a natural human being and each mistake they make reflects on their future and affects them drastically . Tess Durbeyfield is one of the most tragic characters I have ever read of . From the moment she leaves her home to the supposed D'Urberville relatives , she is pushed into catastrophes and heartaches that just lead to more doom . I recommend this book to any reader who is willing to undergo the myriad of emotions that accompanies Tess 's journey through demise . It is not for the flippant , unconcerned , and unsympathetic reader . Everything that happens to Tess happens for a reason , and the reader must be able to realize how each affects her to appreciate this book . Read this book and expect to ponder on many philosophical wonderings . This book WILL affect you ! It is worthy of any person seeking a deep and life-affecting novel .
 My review is based on the Oxford Classics Edition.Thomas Hardy seems to have been interested mostly in sad , unhappy characters who lead troubled , disappointing lives , struggle against fate , and lose . There is beauty in artistically represented sadness , though , and notably so if we are only spectators . I am not giving away the ending by writing that `` Tess '' is a sad novel . I think most people who choose to read this book do so because they know it is a sad story , or they have read Hardy before . In my case , I had to read it for school , and what truly surprised me is the ambiguity that Hardy so masterfully portrays in order to make his heroine more of a real person instead of a mere character . By the book 's end we really do not know whether Tess was raped or seduced by Alec ; whether he took advantage of a sleeping girl and forced himself upon her , or she allowed it in a moment of weakness , tired after a strenous day and grateful to him for `` saving '' her from the other workers . However it happened , Tess 's life is radically changed after the fact and this event will have grave consequences for her and Alec.The ambiguity is troubling with the entrance of Angel , the hypocrite who falls in love with Tess because she looks angelic , virginal , and beautiful as a child , but rejects her when she tells him that she is not a virgin -LRB- therefore not a child -RRB- anymore . Her other qualities are there , but Angel equates purity with virginity -- something many people still do when it refers to women -- so he can construct a perfect excuse for his terrible behaviour towards the woman he has said he loved . In spite of the forebodings that Hardy drops before Chapter 35 , this particular chapter , at the beginning of Phase the Fifth , is very powerful and almost surprising in its intensity . The level of troubling ambiguity goes up several notches at the end of the novel , when it appears that Angel may indeed get his `` little girl '' as a replacement for the one he just lost . `` Tess '' is a sad and beautiful story . There is much more to write about this novel , but I have decided to concentrate on what Hardy seems to have intended when he wrote so beautifully about so sad a theme , but in such an ambiguous way . He calls Tess `` A Pure Woman , '' and she is that . But as only a truly great writer would , he does not present her as an outright victim
 I was supposed to read this book 25 or so years ago in high school . It was heavy going , and pretty meaningless to me at the time . It has come to be one of my favourite books , and I have read it more than once . The thing about hardy is that the sense of place , and time is so evocative . I have lived as an adult in Dorset - hardy Country , and recognise many of the locales he writes so beautifully about . More astounding is that some of the social mores and economic system -LRB- indentured labour , tied villages -RRB- still exist . Like Dickens , coincidence plays a heavy hand in Hardy 's plot development , a contrivance that is a little agitating to the modern , more cynical reader . Still , I find it entiely appropriate to an era when people were most often trapped in a life dictated by circumstance , when free will did n't play nearly as large a part as it does now , in a Britain where there was no place for a meritocracy , class and social station being everything . Some vestiges of that are still very evident in English life -LRB- Royalty representing the apex of the class system -RRB- . Tess is a classic , well worth the effort on a number of levels - the rhythm of language , and what it says about its time and place .
 But if you get the Wordsworth Classics edition , do n't read the introduction until you finish ! I 'm going to make this standard practice for all classics from now on . I was hoping for some background on Hardy but before I even realized what had happened I 'd read a summary of the entire story in one paragraph , plot twists and all . And it really did ruin the climactic last couple chapters for me . I hate it when editors / publishers assume that if a novel is famous and critically acclaimed then the reader must already be familiar with the story . Completely false
 A question that often appears in agony aunt columns relates to the age old dilemma of telling , or not telling , your spouse about an affair with another . Hardy comes down firmly on the side of keeping it quiet . Tess , with excellent intentions , but misguidedly , spills the beans and comes to a sticky end . As her mother says , she is a ` little fool ' , though a very disingenuous one , to be sure . But there is much more to this book than that.I first read this book about 40 years ago and have revisited it a few times . It is an immensely powerful , brilliantly written , witty , devastating critique of Victorian morality , religion , and sexual hypocrisy that even today is immensely moving.If Hardy has a weakness , it is in the plotting of his novels , and you have to admit that perhaps there are one too many coincidences , but this is a small quibble.This is one of the greatest of all novels . To me it is right up there with Anna Karenina , so I have to give it five stars .
 I went into `` Tess of the D'urbervilles '' with full knowledge of the harsh fate waiting for Tess , but that knowledge still could not prepare me for how harrowing and painful that journey was for her , and the reader . The character of Tess is so moral , innocent , kind , and unselfish against the society that is anything but , that Hardy 's message of fate and social hypocrisy reveals itself full force in the novel . Tess has a love for life and an optimism that takes the harshest and cruelest society to beat down , and that is heartbreaking to behold.I thought this was going to be a stuffy English novel , despite the fact I quite enjoy -LRB- most -RRB- Victorian novels I read . However , I discovered that Hardy 's prose flows well and is even beautifully poetic . Some of the best lines come from Tess 's mouth , showing that she is not only morally upright , but also smart and incredibly perceptive.Hardy has a great way with words ; romantic scenes are intensely passionate , emotional letters drip with feeling , and narrations delve into the feelings and thoughts of the characters so that the reader can understand , pity , empathize and sympathize with them . Most surprising perhaps is Hardy 's understanding of the female mind ; I think he has developed Tess into a believable and realistic heroine , and he has many interesting things to say about the differences of the genders , especially during that time period . `` Tess of the D'urbervilles '' is a gorgeous yet heart-breaking novel . Not only does it entertain with its poetic prose and social themes , the novel also opens one 's mind to the hypocrisy of the times ; hypocrisies that even now may still appear in the thoughts and actions of people in this `` modern '' society .
 Like other novels by Thomas Hardy , this is a beautiful and densely written work ; I have read several of his other novels , but it is the character of Tess that sticks most in my mind . This is a tragic story , make no mistake , and as such it left a deep impression upon me . Numerous scenes and details linger in my memory , due to Hardy 's rich prose style - the terrible death of the Durbeyfield horse ; the texture of Tess 's cheek , unwillingly yielded for Alec to kiss -LRB- as `` damp and smoothly chill as the skin on the mushrooms in the fields around '' -RRB- ; Tess 's humane execution of mutilated pheasants , preyed upon by careless hunters . I could go on ... but then half of the pleasure of reading is a sense of discovery , so I shall end there.Hardy 's usual pastoral idyll is present here -LRB- in the form of Talbothays and eloquent descriptions of the bounties of spring -RRB- , but this is thrown into powerful contrast by the increasingly bleak events that overtake the hopeless Tess as she progresses.I recommend it for any reader willing to try 19th century novels , and particularly fans of Eliot - Hardy was of a proto-feminist persuasion , like Eliot , but I think he writes with even more emotional power . It is interesting to observe that modern male writers seem relatively unconcerned with creating such singularly memorable female characters , although Hardy was admittedly an oddity of his era.If you have struggled to get beyond the first few chapters - as I initially did - I found that a total-immersion policy helped ; the intensity of the denoument means that this is a book best read over a short time . I grew so attached to the characters and settings of the novel that I felt lost when I finished reading it.If you have read this and relished Hardy 's fatalistic approach as much as I did , then Jude the Obscure is definately worth reading .
 if i 'm being truly honest most ` classics ' leave me cold . Pride and prejudice ? Bored me rigid . The amabassadors ? A guaranteed way to induce sleep . Remembrance of things past ? Still only read two of the books ... and have no real desire to read more So when i picked up tess i was expecting more of the same . Worthy , intellectual , dull . I was wrong . Tess was a page turner , populist in the best way and strangely , considering cinema had n't been invented yet , rather cinematic in it 's description and creation of scenes . Even the passages that described the countryside add to the overall feel and mood of the book , rather than just describe for describing sake . As for the reviewers who accuses Hardy of being verbose , I can only say that for the time he 's positvely Hemingwayesque.Yes , the book is a little melodramtic and if it was n't for all the tragedy and downbeat ending you could see it being made into a mini series on tv but frankly ... . what 's wrong with that ? It 's precisely this approachability that lets Hardy get you thnking about issues like women 's rights , men and women 's relation to each other and predeterminism.Finally to those that say Angel and Alec 's behaviour is inconsistent . I can not agree . Alec is exactly the kind of person who rushes from one passionate extreme to another and Angel is exactly the kind of idealist who has trouble excepting the realities of life and the failings of the average person.Finally a word on Tess herself . She is one of the sexiest characters i 've ever seen written in victorian fiction . It interests me that a man should write such a character and then have her killed as if such beauty -LRB- both internally and externally -RRB- ca n't be allowed to exist on the earth becuase of men like him , me and maybe you ...
 Bleak and depressing , as far as the plot is concerned it 's sort of like Hardy was experimenting with how many terrible things he could make happen to a trusting , wonderful person , until she 's finally crushed under the weight of the world and her society . Really makes you feel awful to read it , honestly , but that 's ok because the writing is beautiful and the structure is flawless . There are moments of pure poetry on a Shakespearean level , that make you want to weep for all humanity . The characters , especially Tess , are very believable , and the psychology effecting their decisions is what drives the story , for me . I 'm impressed , I 'm going to read more Hardy . I 've looked around and it seems like most of his books are similar - a great set-up to a disaster , all the while people 's hearts being ripped out of their chests and their hopes and dreams crushed one after another by a cruel world and cruel circumstances . He obviously had a pretty tragic and pessimistic view of our human situation , but a view that must have filled him with sympathy . He really goes into his characters ' heads and makes you feel their pain through it all , going through the stages of their grief , with really amazing descriptions that feel dead on . Or at least that 's what he did in this book.Also , it 's pretty amazing that he blatantly pointed out the sexual double standards of his time and their utter hipocrysy . It 's so crazy that people in Hardy 's day were outraged after the publication of this book by the subtitle , `` A Pure Woman , '' because Tess was raped . When you keep in mind how firmly these ideas of purity and female sexuality were implanted in people 's minds , it makes the plot completely believable .
 This was my first Thomas Hardy book but it will not be the last . Tess of the D'Urbervilles is now one of my all time favorite stories . It 's so hard to recommend a book that is at times utterly painful , but it 's the effect it has on you that makes it so awesome . I was actually weeping audibly at times . These characters are so real you feel as if you know them . I found myself yelling at them as if somehow I could intervene in their lives . Thomas Hardy is a poetic genious with the ability to create people and places vividly awake in your mind . Is there anyone out there who can write like this anymore ? When I say haunting I mean I was effected for days after I closed the book and placed it back on the shelf . This is a classic work of fiction that can not afford to be missed . Read it ! You will be better for having done so.On a lighter note these penguin classic hardcovers are amazingly beautiful . They are my new obsession . This one is no exception and the notes in the back were so helpful .
 Tess is a novel written by a man about a woman who is mistreated by other men until she defies the men 's acts with a crime conceived by the men 's cruelty inflicted upon her . In short , it is a passionate statement about man 's cruelty to a woman.This book understands the differences between man and woman , and for the most part , it is not complimentary to men . Exceptions exist . `` The sun , on account of the mist , had a curious sentient , personal look , demanding the masculine pronoun for its adequate expression . `` And during the hard times inflicted upon her , Tess refuses to reproach those men who made her life a miserable existence . It starts with her father , whose newfound nobility engage him in a mead house where he misses a deadline , requiring her to carry on the family business , which results in a horrible accident and family economic loss . From there , she must endure hard work , be sexually mistreated by an employer , move away from her castigated self from a problem to which she had no cause , live a life as a simple milk maid , and then marry.When she marries , it seems that all is well . But , her husband , when discovering during their honeymoon that her flower was violated -LRB- even though without permission -RRB- by one before him , immediately exiles himself to Brazil and leaves her in poverty and public humiliation . Her life is not good - and she knows it
 `` Tess of the d'Urbervilles '' , first published in 1891 , is set in Dorset -LRB- or `` South Wessex '' as Hardy called it -RRB- during the latter part of the nineteenth century . It tells the story of Teresa -LRB- `` Tess '' -RRB- Durbeyfield , a beautiful and innocent country girl who is seduced by a wealthy gentleman , gives birth to his illegitimate child , and is eventually , after numerous vicissitudes of fortune , hanged for his murder.This was a controversial subject in late Victorian England , although perhaps not as controversial as we might think . Today we like to flatter ourselves that all great nineteenth century writers were effectively twenty-first century spirits avant la lettre , voices crying out in the wilderness against the hypocritical moral code of their contemporaries , and therefore doomed to be misunderstood by a scornful bourgeoisie . The truth is always more complex than that . In the case of `` Tess '' , the subject of illegitimacy and unmarried motherhood was not unprecedented in English literature ; Dickens , for example , had dealt with it in `` Bleak House '' , as had Elizabeth Gaskell in `` Ruth '' . The reception afforded to the novel was by no means uniformly hostile ; indeed , Hardy himself admitted in the preface to a later editions that `` by far the majority '' of reviewers had `` generously welcomed the tale '' . Hardy was a countryman , and all of his novels are set in the rural area of South-West England which he named Wessex . He had not only a deep feeling for the English countryside but also the ability to convey this feeling in vivid descriptive prose . This is not , however , mere description for description 's sake ; the landscape becomes a vital part of the structure of his novels - at times it can almost be regarded as a character in them - and Hardy uses description of the natural scene in order to amplify his descriptions of his characters ' feelings.There are two passages in `` Tess '' which particularly exemplify this . The first comes when the heroine , following the death of her illegitimate son , is working as a dairymaid on a farm in the Frome valley in southern Dorset ; it is here that she meets Angel Clare , the man who is to become the great love of her life . The second comes when Tess has been abandoned by Angel , after he discovered the truth about her past , and is forced to find work on a farm on the Dorset Downs , slightly further north . The scenes set in the valley take place in summer , and Hardy 's writing is dominated by images of heat , of ease , of fertility and of luxuriant growth , symbolising the burgeoning growth of Tess 's hopes for her future happiness . The scenes set on the bare , stony Downs take place in winter , and the imagery is of cold , of hardship and of bleakness , symbolising the dashing of those hopes.In this novel Hardy 's powers of description are matched by his powers of characterisation . There have been few , if any , male English novelists who have had such a gift for creating memorable female characters - Dickens ' heroines are pale and insipid by comparison - and Tess is perhaps his greatest . The author used to speak of her as though she were a real person , and wrote `` I have not been able to put on paper all that she is , or was , to me '' . If it were possible to fall in love with a fictional character , I would have fallen in love with Tess and so , I suspect , would most of Hardy 's readers.Another feature of the book is that it reads as both of its time and timeless . It is not set in some unchanging Arcadian landscape but in the real English countryside of the late nineteenth century , a period of rapid social change . Agriculture was becoming increasingly mechanised ; one key scene takes place while Tess is operating a steam-powered threshing machine . The position of the traditional landed gentry was being challenged by the rise of a new moneyed class , a phenomenon illustrated by the history of Tess 's own family . The start of her tragedy is the discovery , by a local antiquary , that she is a descendant of the aristocratic and once-powerful d'Urberville family , of whose surname her own is a corruption . Her seducer goes by the name Alec d'Urberville , and Tess mistakenly believes him to be a distant cousin , but in reality he is neither a relation nor an aristocrat , but a parvenu . His father , a wealthy financier from Northern England , changed the family name -LRB- originally Stoke -RRB- when he purchased a Dorset country estate.The countryside has also been changed by new learning and ways of thinking which have challenged the power of old ideas . Although Tess is from a poor family , she is significantly better educated than her parents ' generation . Hardy describes the gulf between Tess and her simple , superstitious mother Joan as being as great as that between the Victorian and Jacobean eras . Angel , the freethinking son of a pious clergyman , represents the growing force of religious scepticism , although his views on sexual morality turn out to be just as puritanical as those of his father 's generation . Indeed , Angel 's Puritanism may be connected with his personal philosophy ; he seems to have kept the Christian injunction to hate the sin while rejecting that to love the sinner.The book 's timeless quality derives partly from Hardy 's prose style , formal even by the standards of Victorian novelists -LRB- although Hardy can be demotic when writing dialogue for his rustic characters -RRB- . This style is characterised by an elevated vocabulary and by allusions to the Bible , to Greek and Roman mythology and to Shakespeare and other English poets . These allusions help to create the idea that Tess is not just a Victorian country girl but also a tragic heroine comparable to the heroes of Shakespeare or Aeschylus . Tess 's downfall can partly be attributed to the social structures of her day , which made it all too easy for a rich man like Alec to take advantage of a poor girl , but also to a tragic flaw . She may be pure and innocent , but she is also a poor judge of character , too besotted with Angel to realise how priggish and self-centred he is , making excuses for him even after his callous rejection of her.Having recently reviewed Manzoni 's `` I Promessi Sposi '' , widely considered the Great Italian Novel , I started wondering what might be considered the Great British Novel , and thought I would celebrate my 100th review for Amazon by putting forward my own candidate for that honour . The book is a complex one , both in terms of its plot and of its themes , and there has not been space to do full justice to these aspects in this brief review . What I have tried to do is to set out some of the reasons why Hardy is my favourite novelist and why I regard this as the greatest of his novels . I can not think of another novel with so loveable a central character , nor one whose plight has affected me so deeply . This is a work of immense emotional power .
 I rapidly read this book in high school for a test the next day . I knew that I wanted to read it again because it was so good and I was missing the subleties . I loved it . The theme is that our lives are goverened by what we think of ourselves . Poor Tess was so wrong , but for the times understandable . Hardy writes without including the graphic details , but the story remains . A story that is suspended in time .
 Thomas Hardy , who wrote Tess of the D'Urbervilles , also wrote one of my favorite poems , The Blinded Bird , and another wonderful one called The Darkling Thrush . He has beautiful gift for words , character development , and emotional imagery . He has some vivid descriptions of the passion of love and the beauty of life . As many critics complain , Hardy seems to view life with some skepticism . He seems to believe that life is hard and people sometimes are not treated fairly by the very ones who should be there to help and protect the hurting . This philosophy parallels the feeling of many people that the Church has hurt them . A friend of mine wrote an impassioned essay about the personal pain she and others had experienced through transgressions of the Church.The difference is that she recognized a loving , all-knowing God who loves us deeply and whose love is sometimes not reflected in his people - whereas Hardy 's story reflects the world 's perception that a callous church represents an absent God . Still , I detect in his writing a subtle thread of hope as reflected by the hope of his characters , though not by their plight . I appreciated this book because it made me realize I am the hands and feet for the people in the world whose hope is gone.Anyone who hurts for others will be as greatly frustrated if you read this book . But you will also gain so much if you keep the perspective that God is in control and cares deeply about every person 's plight . In this story , I see the undying faith Tess had in Clare as a picture of the way our faith in Christ should be , and the kind of love I want to have in another person.Tess ' pain would not have been so hard to bear if the church had acted toward her as Jesus acted toward tax collectors and sinners in Luke 15 , and as the people in those three parables acted . If the Church had applied the anxious determination of one who has lost an important object , Tess would have received the support she needed during her time of hurt . It makes me ponder the question
 The story is well known ; one can choose from many editions or printings . If given the choice , choose Norton Critical Editions for the classics.This edition includes factual background provided by Hardy 's pre-eminent biographer , Michael Millgate , who opines on the `` originals of , and models for , Tess Durbeyfield . '' Absolutely fascinating.Critical essays include contemporary criticism
 This book will capture you and pull you in as you follow Tess Durbeyfeild , the blameless rape victim whose tragic jounrey through Wessex , England brings her love , despair , comedy -LRB- yes , there is some -RRB- , friendships , tears , self-awareness , empowerment , but ultimately tragedy.This book is sad ... yes , but Thomas Hardy 's poetic prose litterally makes the insides of the reader do summersaults . This story printed on the pages of `` Tess '' are more than a novel , they are a portal into the world of a blameless woman . You 'll feel the pain of these characters , escpeically our heroine Tess .
 One favorable evening , Tess in her white garb attends May-Day dance in sleepy town of Marllott . A passerby not used to sophistication will incline to notice her . It is not the extravagance , nay the ostentatiousness of the girl 's beauty , but the softness in spirit and demeanor conspicuous on her big , beautiful eyes that sets her apart . The same passerby endowed with experience will not pinpoint Tess among the young , comely girls as someone prone to vicissitude of tragedies . Unfortunately , this is not the case.Tess Durbeyfield later known in the novel as Tess d'Urberville is the hapless victim if not the heroine of this tragic tale . Born from poor parents , she is whisk away to work for the rich d'Urberville family . There she meets Alec , the handsome scion of d'Urbervilles clan . His incessant seduction of the young maiden results in violation of her rights . Forlorn , she returns home to the embarrassment of her parents and her neighbors . Stripped of clear prospect in life , she travels miles and miles away to be a milkmaid . While in the vast dairy field of Thalbothay , Tess falls madly in love with Angel Clare , the fledgling agriculturist of noble descent , convinced to make the newcomer his wife . Thus the journey that leads Tess from one farm to another is side by side with her lamentations over the two Englishmen and becomes her heart 's landscape that stretches beyond endurance.Hardy , an architect by tuition , molds his male characters in an anvil of insensitivity . Their frozen hearts incapable of thawing by burning tears of a woman 's pleading . As to his female character like Tess , Hardy constructs her similar to obelisk with solid foundation of faith that gradually narrows at the peak.Unsurprisingly , Victorian society scorned Hardy when this novel came out in 1891 . The way he chose to describe Tess and her violation were less subtle in comparison to Eliot 's writings . At present society however , Thomas Hardy is as impeccable as the clock ticking on the wall . He is in command of his story as if time is in command of denizens elsewhere . Under no circumstance he pauses to please his readers . He continues and takes them where nothing exists but the certainty of time .
 Tess of the D'Urbervilles is among the best novels I have read when judged on its purely literary merits . Hardy 's command of imagery in his creation of the nuanced satire of society and the values it imposes upon Victorian women is outstanding . And , Hardy uses nature to structure the novel and reflect the plot . He is also able to introduce a fatalist approach to the characters ' actions that flows seamlessly with his characterization of them . However , Tess is more than an invaluable piece of English literature.Tess of the D'Urbervilles is also a strong insight into the forces of nature that shape our lives . It is a tale about the unlucky girl Tess , who has to endure suffering on two fronts
 I read this in about 8 hours . I loved the prose , the descriptions , the whole feel of the book . I have to say I have a hard time with the type of heroine who just lets things happen to her like this . You know the characters I am referring to -- I mean this book was kind-of like an 8 hour train wreck . I knew what was going to happen , well , at least that it would n't have a happy ending . But the writing is so great I could n't help myself !
 Timeless story of a woman and her struggle to care for those she loved . Fighting against the male dominated society of her time , Tess sacrifices her own interests to provide for her family and attempt to stay true to the man she loves . Hardy does a wonderful job of painting the landscape and using it to enhance Tess 's physical struggles . His portrait of Tess as a strong woman is balanced with her vulnerability , pure heart and hope for a better future.Norton 's version includes insight into Hardy 's background and the writing of Tess of the D'Urbervilles . Very helpful towards understanding the dynamics of the story .
 Many readers will fail to realise that such a tragic life was the common lot of young , attractive poverty stricken women ages ago just as it is today . Children and teens continue to be sold and/or directed to a life of drudgey , service or near slavery , if not in fact slavery , by parents knowing no way out of their own dire conditions . That poverty worldwide continues to dictate a similar fate for young ones today while we , in comfortable surroundings , debate the merits of a novel , here in America , is a sad legcy indeed for a tale of warning , and unfortunately , of prediction . It is all well and good to fasten ones attention on a good resd-but pray do not miss the point ! Hypocrisy lives on when the book is finished .
 This is one of the greatest novels ever written . The scope and pacing of the narrative , the complexity of the three main characters , the sheer dramatic power of the story , all combine to make this more than a book -- `` Tess '' is an experience that will inform and enrich your life .
 Once again an excellant service from Amazon . The book is just as I expected . A good quality paper back.R.V.Angel .
 Perhaps the greatest of the works by Thomas Hardy . It is the story of a tragic heroine whose life is shaped by events beyond her control.I purchased the book for a college class and hope to read more by the author.The descriptions of life in rural 19th century England are superb .
 By today 's standards certain passages of this book may seem rather vague and subtle , but they were shocking when first written -- enough that the book was subject to heavy censorship -- vital passages from it were removed . And that is really what makes this book so grand . Its take on the double standards of the society in which fictional Tess lived may seem very distant from today 's post-60 's equality society , but it was very real then.The book follows Tess ' journey through the English countryside , but what makes it so fascinating is the constant flow of her thought patterns as she tries to rationalize the hand she has been dealt . The modern reader may be befuddled , as her thoughts are representative of another culture and another time , but what is fascinating is the little insights on human nature that shine through . The joy she feels tempered by the despair in her past . The ignorant self-righteousness of overzealous youth . The mistakes that even very good , well-meaning people can make , without realizing it , that hurt others deeply . We hope for her as she lives through the initial tragedy , the slow recovery , the surge of joy she experiences , we are disgusted at the hypocritical betrayal that eventually leads to her final breakdown.The prose itself too has a personality , often taking time to smell the roses and indulge in the lush scenery , fascinating historical anecdotes and social interactions that Tess deals with on a daily basis . For those who over-glamorize the past , here is a very honest look at the physical and mental hardships people faced in it . Hardy quotes Ascham
 Thomas Hardy is an extraordinary writer ; though his writing is poetic , and includes on point historical references , he is an imaginative and thoughtful storyteller . Hardy reveals Tess 's soul with such care and regard that she is irresistibly complex ; delicate and strong willed , deeply loyal and obstinately independent , yet submissive and capable of extreme violence . So well did I come to understand her that , over time , I could predict her reactions and decisions -- though I hoped she would decide otherwise . Once a preacher reveals to Tess 's father his connection to a long lost prominent family , Tess 's is life is set on a seemingly unalterable path . Used , manipulated , misjudged and shamed , she struggles on , grinding out a living in unspeakably harsh conditions , while resisting with all her might a man who had already stolen her innocence and would shamelessly destroy her soul as she waiting for the man who had abandoned her . I found myself wincing at her pain , hoping she would receive what she deserved rather than what life seemed intent on doling out to her . Perhaps the best novel I 've ever read .
 Thomas Hardy 's `` Tess of the D'Urbervilles
 Probably Hardy 's most famous work and definitely containing his most sympathetic heroine . Takes direct aim at the class system and gender roles and forces the reader to see stark differences between what is socially acceptable and what is socially ridiculed . Note how Tess is blamed for her past more than Alec is , when it 's Alec 's fault Tess ends up as she does . A final ultimate retribution does surface but of course , at the expense of Tess 's future . She 's heartbreaking here , especially when she writes to Angel , pleading for his love and forgiveness . You can feel every second of her plight , right down to the harsh outdoor work she 's forced to endure in order to stay alive . All dust , sweat and fatigue ... Supporting characters are as vivid as the main ones ... This may be Hardy 's most complete and upsetting story . He really puts the players -LRB- thus the audience -RRB- thru the ringer .
 it truly is an amazing story of love , strength , passion and second chances . I loved it and got into it quite quickly . The characters were developed flawlessly , and the plot is one to remember . Though at times the descriptions of the setting did tend to drag , it didnt take much away from this great piece of literature .
 I liked reading it . After reading newer stories , this took me back to a time when there was no description on being intimate in this story . Kind of nice to know it and not visibly read it . I enjoyed her honesty .
 I had read this book about 25 years ago whilst a student in high school for A'Level Literature -LRB- Grade 11-12 - Jamaica , West Indies -RRB- . Whilst reading the 50 Shades Trilogy recently , I noted the references to Tess in that book and it perked my interest in this book . I decided to re-read it as I really could n't remember it much and wondered how I would interpret it now being more mature and experienced . Well suffice it to say that this book is devastatingly excellent ! The language is hard to get at first -LRB- having not read a Thomas Hardy in a long time ! -RRB- ... . it 's a Thomas Hardy novel so you know he 's very detailed and it 's going to be tragic as he does n't do happy ever after ! The novel is set in Victorian England and features its heroine Tess a very poor country girl . It details her journey from innocent young girl on the cusp of womanhood to womanhood . It is essentially a love tragedy but not in the manner of Romeo and Juliett , its more , more real , more realistic . Its speaks to just how tragic life can be when the right man does n't meet the right woman at the right time , about missed opportunities , and , depicts how the biggest of injustice and violation often happens to the most vulnerable and undeserving of persons . It speaks to how morals and society 's beliefs can cause us pain and sorrow and often to punish those undeserving of same . But that was life then and its still so today . Suffice it to say that this book is 100 times better than the 50 Shades Trilogy and has impacted me so profoundly , I just ca n't understand how I did n't see the monumental tragedy it is when I was 17 years old . As a result I 've taken to re-reading most of my literature books . This book is a must read for those who can manage .
 Absolutely loved the story it 's definitely worth reading through . I found some things a little difficult to follow because it 's old English , but it was still a great read .
 I loved this book . The way hardy described some scenes left me in awe . If you are looking for classical writing and a great but tragic story you will love this book .
 A wonderful book . Descriptive words and never a boring section . I truly loved this book and would recommend it to others , expecially if you are a lover of language .
 Tess of the D'Urbervilles is the first Kindle book that I have read and I must say that the Kindle experience is better than I have thought - I read in the bright sunlight without getting tired.I first have heard of Tess in high school , but I did n't have the time or the mood to read it until now.Why I wanted to so much read it ? Besides the fact that it is a classic - and I think that every teenager or young person in one 's twenties must read it - I learned that Tess of the D'Urbervilles was a pretty controversial novel when Thomas Hardy first released it . As we know from history and from literature courses , the Victorians considered themes such as sex , religion , the condition of women or the lives of the peasants taboo subjects . Fortunately we are more open-minded today and we do n't make a big fuss of what 's moral or not in books such as this one . I guess that Thomas Hardy had the intention to open the peoples ' eyes - though it is a fictional story - that unfortunate things were happening to innocent girls during that time.The story is very realistic and the characters are complex.Tess is a free-spirited girl until her destiny changes and becomes more difficult . Tess swings between strength and weakness , between reason and her heart . I admire her capacity of dusting herself off and decide to find another place to work , in order to help her poor family . Although Angel is far away , her hope that he will come back someday does not leave her . I did n't like the fact that she constantly blamed herself for the first bad episode of her life which led her to other complicated situations . She felt guilty for something she was n't aware of or she was n't taught to avoid.The book also gives us a glimpse of how were the lives of peasants , and the depiction of the landscapes will appeal to those how love nature.I wo n't say anymore because I do n't want to ruin your reading.Therefore read Tess of the D'Urbervilles because you can enter in Tess ' world and learn more about her troubles .
 I must admit that this is one of the few classics that I have not read , so when I found a free copy for my Kindle , I immediately downloaded it . And the story does not disappoint . Hardy is a master of taking you to a time in place in the past and uses verbage and setting descriptions that put you right in the story . Hardy 's characters are brought to life and you feel as if you could know someone with these same characteristics in the here and now . The ending of this story , for me personally left something to be desired , but I really could not put it down . If you have not read this story , yet , please do!On a side note , I would love to see a contemporary adaptation of this story and see how the characters would interact with each other , as social standing , money , love , and betrayal are certainly themes worth examining in this day and age .
 Should not be made into an afterschool special . Thomas Hardy is an excellent and verbose writer . Why use a few words to describe something when a whole page is more deft ? Sometimes . Sometimes it is just a bit over the top . Good read .
 I enjoyed reading this classic tragedy . Tess is so sweet you want to know her more and more , which led to shock after shock . I appreciated the footnotes and explanations at the end of the book . I also enjoyed Hardy 's colorful descriptions . I was surprised at how similar life in thenineteenth century was to today 's life .
 The writing here is truly captivating . Hardy presents his principal characters in much the same way as other famous writers of his day ; that is , the once nobled family , having fallen on hard times , now needs to be brought from the brink of disaster by marrying off one its daughters to someone of status . Tess does not dissapoint , in that she has spunk , principles , and a sense of duty . This story is filled with intrigue , unlikely loyalties , and an ending that will reward you for picking up this book.The bonus here is that I read the book for free on my Kindle !
 I first read Tess in preparation for my IB high school exam -LRB- 9 years ago -RRB- . Thus , like many other of the reviewers on this page , I was `` forced '' to read . I must admit that at first the reading was quite tedious . It must have taken me two months to read through the novel . If I had written a review after this first encounter with Tess I might well have given the novel a two star -LRB- ** -RRB- rating . I believe one of the explanations for this lack of enthusiasm is that I did not get along well with my English teacher and I felt that I could not allow myself to enjoy Tess , lest I let my teacher score an important victory.As the exam period itself approached I read Tess four more times with increasing enjoyment . The last few readings were truly enlightening . I knew exactly what I would encounter on the next page and yet I shuddered with anticipation , reacting to the words even before my eyes caught them.It seems clear to me now that the reason I enjoyed Tess so much was not only the familiarity bred by multiple readings but also the dissection of the novel in the classroom . I must confess that although we had problems getting along , my English teacher was excellent.The only advice I can give those of you who doubt Tess ' greatness is to muster some courage and give the novel another chance . Tess is on my all time Top 10 list along with The Grapes of Wrath , which , incidentally , I was `` forced '' to read in my high school English class .
 Not a frustration in the negative sense , but in fact , this was a book which I could hardly put down . The fact that I felt compelled to express my thoughts here perhaps point to it 's even greater impact on me . A fabulous story , and of course , tragic in the end ... And why do I feel frustrated ? Perhaps merely for the fact of Tess ' rash action , almost one of self defence , which closes her tragic life . And the want or need for the story to extend beyond the final close to see her defence succeed and her life prevail . However , these are not the modern times , and the chasm seems wide . Tess is a beautiful person - innocent and with only the intention of good - and suffers as a result . While not a ground breaking novel , it 's eloquence and true to life appeal allows it to become part of you . I can only highly recommed this book and will read it again and again ...
 I have just finished reading all of the reviews for my most beloved book . Though most were supportive , there were a few that cut it down with extreme injustice . I read this book last year , when I was 13 , no one made me read it , I was simply drawn to it . I was swept away once I got through the first chapter . To those who have never read it , I encourage you to ignore all of the bad reviews , and listen to the ones that loved it .
 Out of all the book I was forced to read ... I LOVED this one ... the movie was good but the book was great ... it is the only book I still have from my early Michigan college years .
 Stirring up controversy was one thing that Thomas Hardy did best , and this book is one of them . This story was attacking so many different subjects in the time it was first published , which makes it all the better to read . I would n't recommend this book to just anyone , only people who can appreciate how the text of this book was written and how the Hardy wove many different ideas together to create a tragic life and ending for such a young girl . The impact of what happened throughout Tesses short life is what stunned me the most . Innocence or mentality ? Only the author knows .
 What else can I say that the other positive reviewers hav n't yet ? It was wonderfully written and truly heart wrenching . It took a lot of guts for Hardy to publish it as well because it was was a very contriversial for its time and contains messages that can be carried over into today even . A perfect example of Victorian literature , which is 2nd to none except fantasy ; -RRB-
 Tess is just beautifully written . the language is poetry , and it is melodious . duty , fate , and destiny appear throughout the book . and they make the readers wonder about their own life . it is just an amazing book !
 This novel , which I have just finished , is without a doubt one of the most incredible reads I have had . Immaculately crafted , beautifully written and profoundly moving . wow .
 A masterpiece . It is hard to find the right words to express my feelings about this beautiful and tragic story . Tess , the lovely , tenderhearted milkmaid who , in the face of much adversity never gives up , is one of my favorite heroines in all literature . I could fully understand her dilemma , and that of Angel as well . It is true that there are times when Destiny is stronger than us , no matter how good our intentions .
 Thomas Hardy 's Tess of the D'Urbervilles is a novel which focuses on the double standards of the Victorian era . It is a beautifully written novel about one wopman and her struggle to find love and her duty to her family.Tess was a child who sought to right her wrong by working for her `` cousins '' she hoped that by doing this she could become a productive member of the family particularly as the eldest child . She was required to take care pof most of the chores as her siblings were too young to help the family . As a daughter she was taught that it was her duty to marry wealth so that her family would not have to live in squallor . In her attempt to do this she was taken advantage of , but not raped , and she was made pregnant . She could not abort the child , and she could not properly carry the child to term without being married . She did the latter of these because she hated the childs father . Many times she wished that the child would die so that it would not have to live with the bastard lable . She felt that it was best that the child be taken from the earth to make her and her child 's life easier.Tess soon finds that there is a doiuble standard for pre-marital sex in Victorian England . Her husband , on there wedding night admits that he has been promiscuous , Tess is greatly relieved by this because she thinks that he will be more accepting of her situation when she tells him , this is not so . Angel , her husband , walk out on tess and leaves her to fend for herself , an unloved and un cared for woman . This novel ends sadly with Tess ' death after Angel comes back to her and they live happily for a number of days.This novel is an excellent example of social commentary in the form of literary art . This novel is a poinient dipiction of the life of a young woman in Victorian England . A well written novel with excellent character development one of the best book that I have ever read .
 I am irritated and unnerved to see such poor reviews for Hardy 's novel `` Tess of the d'Urbervilles '' . Hardy 's style is not to everyone 's taste ; some argue that it is laboured and far too flowery , and this may be true in some cases , but the moral message and the profound nature of this novel far outweigh the archaic style of writing that Hardy chooses to adopt.The novel , as the title suggests , focuses on one woman in Victorian England . Her foolish and drunken father finds that he is the descendant of the ancient and landed family of the d'Urbervilles , and Tess is sent by her parents to meet one of her descendants in order to get some help from the family 's financial difficulties . Alec d'Urbervilles then seduces Tess , and she is left , with illegitimate child , to deal with the consequences.After her child dies , she finds work on a farm and falls in love with Angel Clare . She feels that she can not marry him because of her past , and , after his insistence , gives into her heart and marries him , although consumed by guilt . Eventually she confesses her past , and Angel leaves her , travelling to Brazil without her.This is not , as one reviewer described it , `` like a bad TV movie '' . Hardy 's novel is a comment on Victorian society . Tess is the ultimate victim , as many have pointed out , but she is not the victim because she chooses to be , but because society puts her in this position . Those who criticise her for being weak and being unlike any other `` feisty '' women in other nineteenth century novels forget that , unlike characters such as Emma Woodhouse and Lizzie Bennet , Tess was poor ; and that , unlike Jane Eyre , Tess was raped . Tess is the perfect example of a blameless woman who can not escape from the confines of society . Arguably the point of the novel is that Tess can not change how people perceive her , and , because she has no means to support herself , she has to hide the truth and battle on with the terrible injustice that has been done to her . Victorian society would simply have ostracised a woman who had had an illegitimate child and not married the father , no matter the circumstances , so I find it deplorable that people feel that Tess was spineless when she was placed in such an impossible position.Also , any new reader , and , indeed , any old reader who has n't accepted this point yet , should perhaps try to understand that Tess is suffering , throughout the novel , from terrible grief , guilt and depression , which is surely enough to earn anyone 's sympathy , not their scorn . Hardy did not invent a `` cocker spaniel '' of a woman ; she is a literary construct and is used in a wider sense to illustrate those taken advantage of in Victorian society ; and the only reason she comes back `` for more '' punishment is because she can not escape it , no matter how she tries.Additionally , it has been claimed that Hardy 's characters are one-dimensional and contradictory . I take issue with this . Alec may be one-dimensional in some senses , but he is an unremittingly unpleasant person ; it destroys the comment being making if Alec was an abused child , or in any way a redeemable person . And yes , Alec is turned into a preacher , but anyone who believes that he sincerely let go of his previous persona must not have understood his character properly . It is a perfect way of introducing him again into the story , and a perfect way to illustrate his own falseness , by comparing him with Angel 's father , who is the Good Samaritan . It is the contrast between what Tess could have chosen and what she did - in fact , arguably , not meeting Angel 's father is the only mistake that SHE makes -LRB- opposed to outside forces placing decisions upon her -RRB- . Angel on the other hand is in no way one-dimensional . Although his opinion of Tess does change rapidly , it is not unbelievable on careful reading . He likes to think of himself as a maverick and someone outside of society 's rules , but he is an excellent portrayal of how we all are constructs of our society . Angel , although he loves Tess , keeps referring to the fact that she is `` pure '' , which she is not -LRB- through no fault of her own -RRB- . This is a clear indication , early on in the novel , that Angel has painted himself a false image of his bride-to-be , and , for all his good qualities , he is as flawed as the next person . I fail to see how this is a shallow portrayal of a character.Tess is also not a nonsensical , weak being , but a beautiful , sad creation of Hardy 's used to show injustices , and highlight practises that should be stopped . Besides that , in her own right , she is a clever , melancholy character who really should inspire the reader 's pity.I have no objections with people who dislike this novel because they dislike the style or because they dislike some character development for sensible reason ; but when people decide to abuse a novel because they do n't seem to have bothered to read into it properly , I find it irritating to say the least . This novel requires people to put themselves in the place of another and feel sympathy with another person.One reviewer commented that the novel was ill-received when it came out , and should have stayed that way . The novel was considered offensive because of the implied sexual context and because of its criticisms of Victorian morals , but this does not make it a bad novel ; this means that it encourages people to think , to question and to re-evaluate . Any novel that is so brave as to find an injustice in society and write a whole novel criticising it deserves our praise ; and Hardy 's writing , far from doing the idea down , only helps to elevate the moral
 Having just finished this book a mere few hours ago the pain of it is fresh in my mind , but I 'm sure it will distract me for weeks , such is the intensity of this tragedy . The only other novel of Hardy 's I have ever read - Jude the Obscure - was a good book , stable and interesting , though not compelling until it 's heart-wrenching twist three quarters of the way through the book . It was , in essence , more a social commentary , so it was with some surprise that I absorbed the constant emotion and passion that was this book . The basic storyline is as follows
 This novel , contrary to some of the other comments , is a wonderful piece of literature . Although not the most uplifting , it is a great example of Hardy and Deterministic and Naturalistic fiction . Despite Tess ' best efforts -LRB- like Jude in the other Hardy novel -RRB- , she is unable to escape the poverty and misfourtune which she attempts to leave behind . Although somewhat lengthy , the novel is one of the better pieces of British fiction to come out of the period .
 Tess of the D'Urbervilles is an intensely depressing but brilliant depiction of the connections between love , fear , and guilt . The vivid clarity with which Hardy draws Tess as a vulnerable innocent struggling , and ultimately failing to come to terms with the merciless world makes this a masterpiece .
 TESS OF THE D'URBERVILLES is well worth reading ; it is one of Hardy 's finest works.In the beginning of the novel , Tess Durbeyfield 's irresponsible father is informed by a local minister that is a descendent of a noble family , the D'Urbervilles . Her parents -LRB- and especially her father -RRB- are greatly heartened by the news that they are , however distantly , nobility . Tess is therefore sent to her richer relations , the d'Urbervilles of Trantridge , to claim kinship and benefit from their superior finances.Upon taking her position as a bird-tender , Alec D'Urberville is captivated by Tess 's natural country beauty and seduces her . Tess is an innocent , and she returns home to bear her child . After bringing shame upon her family , Tess must attempt to build a respectable life out of a situation that denies her every particle of respectability she once had.Hardy writes in a rather long-winded , flowery style . His vocabulary is rich , but it can become tediously melodramatic at times . The plot of this novel is full of coincidences that seem rather implausible , but it is a wonderful portrayal of the prejudices of society . Tess is an absolutely heartbreaking character , enduring trial after trial silently , feeling it is her due.TESS OF THE D'URBERVILLES is a solid read , but be prepared to be thoroughly depressed and disillusioned with society at its finish .
 A question that often appears in agony aunt columns relates to the age old dilemma of telling , or not telling , your spouse about an affair with another . Hardy comes down firmly on the side of keeping it quiet . Tess , with excellent intentions , but misguidedly , spills the beans and comes to a sticky end . As her mother says , she is a ` little fool ' , though a very disingenuous one , to be sure . But there is much more to this book than that.I first read this book about 40 years ago and have revisited it a few times . It is an immensely powerful , brilliantly written , witty , devastating critique of Victorian morality , religion , and sexual hypocrisy that even today is immensely moving.If Hardy has a weakness , it is in the plotting of his novels , and you have to admit that perhaps there are one too many coincidences , but this is a small quibble.This is one of the greatest of all novels . To me it is right up there with Anna Karenina , so I have to give it five stars .
 One of my friends recommended that I read Thomas Hardy , but she cautioned me
 Some great discussions come out of this book . Thomas Hardy has a very distinct style , and uses the environment essentially as another character , so it may be beneficial to at least have some familiarity with England before reading . No one can read this book without having strong opinions about the characters , especially the two main men . This is one of the standout pieces of literature of its time and is well worth the read .
 `` Tess of the d'Urbervilles '' describes the experiences of a woman who , through no fault of her own , falls outside of the moral code of the Victorian era in which she lives and suffers long-reaching consequences as a social outcast . Hardy 's novel is carefully well-drawn , but the novel 's content demands far more than Hardy could acceptably give it in the nineteenth century . For example , the rape scene is only is carefully stepped around , inferrable only from the fact that Tess subsequently has a child ; Hardy also has to carefully frame some of the scenes , such as that of Alec d'Urberville 's murder , in order to avoid too closely examining the psyche of the criminal . Hardy 's writing is at its best in the scenes surrounding Angel and Tess 's estrangement - a safe enough environment - when he can freely move within the minds of his characters . In short , `` Tess '' is the stuff of a twentieth-century novel written in the nineteenth , which leaves some of the emotion that modern readers are accustomed to lacking .
 Even reviewing Tess makes me choke back tears . Hardy develops one of the most truely beautiful female characters in all of English literature ; then , like an evil wizzard , slowly tears her to shreds and finally grounds her into dust.A modern young woman growing up now might find it hard to identify with Tess . She is a poor farm worker and a product of the cultural changes at the beginning of the industrial revolution in England . But there is enough of a study of basic human nature here to make her story valuable to just about any reader.Hardy 's prose is gifted , deep descriptive narative and character development . You may end up loving Tess ; it 's hard not to hate Hardy .
 Morality is subject to some rolling blackouts in this book . At the end , the law stepped in and made sure that the destruction was mutual . Law seems to be particularly inept in situations where a book is this hard on the reader , and those critics in the Norton Critical Edition who consider this novel almost a crime against literature have a point . If all the characters were being put on trial , instead of merely trying to live , the law would allow each of them to be tried separately because of the doctrine of mutually antagonistic defenses . There were parts of this book I enjoyed
 There are many 1-star reviews for this particular novel and I have to admit that I am rather confused . Many people lament the fact that Tess is somewhat of a weak woman , not a strong woman , defying Victorian convention and fighting for the rights of women . I 'm not entirely sure why Tess 's tragic and weak personality has people so up in arms enough to say that the book is terrible and unrealistic.Personally , I found this to be one of the greatest books I have ever read . I did n't find the text to be as easy to read as some of the other reviewers , and I was an English Lit major in college ! It is difficult to get through in parts , you will yawn every so often , but fight through it -- use your brain and you wo n't regret it!The story is tragic and offers very little in the way of an explanation for Tess 's extreme punishment . So if you are looking for a book about a woman who fights convention and social injustice , go read something else . If you want a story that illustrates the cruelty of fate , comments on the injustices of the world , or a shows how , if one does n't fight , one can be trapped by the past ... read this book.I certainly recommend it .
 This was the first Thomas Hardy novel I read , and it is still one of my favorites . The hypocritical late 19th century society views , and the strains they put on the human spirit . Hardy had a keen eye for what went on around him , and he was aware of how the old ways were being replaced - Edwardian enlightment was on it 's way but Tess is the symbol of land of Wessex itself , violated , forsaken , and like the wounded birds she finds , longing to be put out of her suffering , despite how she endures until her situation becomes even more unbearable . Christian versus pagan , rural versus urban , her true love 's struggle from his family 's religious views and the restrictions of society 's rules , end up costing Hardy 's herione more than himself . Young Tess Durbeyfield , daughter of a poor farmer , finds herself at the mercy of a ne'er do well scoudrel , Alec d'Urberville , thought to be a wealthy relative . The girls ' parents , in their naivete and ignorance , put their eldest child on a disasterous path in an attempt to improve their situation and trade on the ancient and noble family name . Tess 's situation makes her an outcast , after giving birth to the cad 's baby son who dies not long after birth , but she never asks for pity , and finds work at a dairy farm , only to fall in love with a provinicial minister 's son , Angel Clare , who can not forgive her past . Tragedy ensues at nearly every turn . *** some spoilers herein *** I think both men were unforgivable , both were terrible to Tess in different ways . Granted , Angel was nowhere near the controlling cad that Alec was , and yes Tess loved Angel . Alec thought his wealth could buy Tess 's affection and possession was love . For Angel , since Tess did n't fit his idealized version of her , and that she was n't a virgin -LRB- never mind the fact that she was raped -RRB- , he could n't bear that and took to the hills like a coward . His hypocrisy is maddening , especially since he considered himself to be such a free thinker and more open-minded than his pious family . He did see the error of his ways , returned her and they had a few days together before she was executed , but too little , too late . Tess is the most extreme victim in the novel , with Alec next , being the cause of her hardship and downfall , and for being the villain . And yes , I did say that Alec is a victim , a murder victim , but not an innocent victim . He had no qualms about manipulating situations , taking Tess against her will and using her father 's death , her family 's destituion , her husband 's desertion and her hardships to possess her . In a time when women had virtually no rights and the fact that he had taken her virginity and fathered a child with her gave him a totally wrong sense of ownership and his determination to get her any way that he could is what lead to his fate . Both characters are doomed , while Angel must live with the fact that his actions toward the woman that he loved led to this tragedy . Not that Alec had no part in it , if he had n't violated Tess and impregnanted her , no doubt there would have been a different outcome to her life and to his . But of course , there would have been no story , and no commentary on the standards of the time in the novel if those events had not taken place.There can be no happy ending , as this is a Hardy tale . But it makes its mark , and was immensely popular at the time of its publishing , despite the brutal critical response it received . The aching misunderstanding of longing love , the loss of innocence and a herione victimized by the standards of her era.A timeless masterpiece of literature . Tess lives beyond the pages of the book , as though Hardy knew a girl who embodied his most famous character . Worth adding to your library .
 Published in 1891 , this book was Thomas Hardy 's best seller , and has become a literary classic . This was why I chose to read it , and I must say that I really liked it.When the middle-class Durbeyfield family learns that they are genealogically related to the noble family of d'Urbervilles , they send their beautiful daughter Tess to meet them and possibly receive a fortune from them . Tess discovers the d'Urberville family is actually of no relation to the real d'Urbervilles , and simply bought their prestigious name while they made their fortune . Tess stays and works at the d'Urberville household , and gets to know Alec , their son , who , er , treats her quite badly . I wo n't give away any details , but Tess has to deal with the results of Alec 's treatment , and tries her best , though unsuccessfully , to move on.Though I do n't usually go for many of these sappy character dramas , I really like how Hardy brought forth this novel . One develops immediate sympathy for Tess and her plight , yet she can at times be a very strong woman . The character development here is fantastic . I also liked the way Hardy juxtaposes the issue of social class -LRB- I think there must have been a law in England that every book in the nineteenth century had to confront social class in some way -RRB- . Hardy also brings in symbols regarding Christian sin as well as paganism in this novel.I can see why some people would criticize this book as being slow or dull , but those readers would also probably say the same about any piece of 19th century British literature . I did n't find it especially slow , however . If you like books like Pride and Prejudice , Middlemarch , and Wuthering Heights , you 'll love Tess of the d'Urbervilles .
 I love the story of Tess . Considering many of the classics I have ever read , I think Tess is one of the easier ones to understand . The work itself is a masterful story . However , I take issue with Penguin 's version . The Notes are just awful - referencing back and forth from your place in the book to the back is a nightmare and many times is n't worth breaking your flow . Some of the Notes are helpful and even necessary to understand the sentence , but others are pointless and annoying . I recommend a different version , either without notes entirely or with more reasonable ones .
 I think part of the reason I kept so interested is because I had heard some horror stories about not being able to get through the book . So , in turn , I dilligently read and looked for the hard parts . I really did n't find anything . It kept my attention . I loved seeing the journey that Tess was on . I watched her character change drastically from beginning to end . It was fun to see that change . I will read more Thomas Hardy because of this experience .
 In today 's permissive day and age , it may seem far-fetched that ` Tess ' was received as a bit risque by the British readership of the time . To readers a century later , the tragic story of Tess is very moving , and the nobel heroine evokes extreme sympathy from us.The novel also artfuly portrays the dynamics of life in 19th century England . We are presented with a crude , colloquial variety of the English language then spoken , in stark contrast to the stuffy , self-satisfied brand of sophisticated English that modern authors and film-makers would have us believe is all - pevasive amongst the English , in contrast to the bland , pedestrian English spoken by their brethren overseas.Hardy artfully portrays the dynamics of rural life on an English dairy farm ; life that , despite the industrial revolution , is here probably not so different as it was centuries earlier.His characters are beautifully portrayed , with signicant depth . `` Tess '' , like the `` Mayor of Casterbridge '' , depicts the thoughts , hopes and dreams of those consigned to a rual existence ; those who are peripherally aware that the industrial revolution and the opportunities presented thereby , are radically altering life only a hundred kilometers away.Both ` Tess ' and the ` Mayor ' are brilliant tragedies . The astute reader knows that tragic events will ultimately prevail , but the dynamics , twists and turns of the plot in ` Tess ' , make it more of a compelling page turner
 There are people who will start reading this book then about 100 pages into it realize that it 's going nowhere fast . Take my advice and keep reading . It gets much better , and more interesting . The ending is really good , and might have even upped this review a star.ac
 There is so much to say for Tess . It is an extremely moving and powerful work . I do n't care what Aristotle says - it is tragic . Tess is one of the most real heroines I 've ever met . If you find yourself a little bored in the beginning - do n't give up . I almost did , but I am so glad that I forced myself to read on . By the third phase I was hooked . This work really makes one think about and question technology and religion . It also shows us the cruelty of the Victorian double standard . Read it ! But prepare yourself for the heart wrenching ending , i.e. - have tissues at hand .
 In case you are wondering , the novel it tied with is Dostoevsky 's THE BROTHERS KARAMAZOV.I have read this three times in three sittings . In case that is not clear , I mean to say that I have sat down to read TESS OF THE DURBERVILLES on three separate occasions , and did not get up until I had finished it . I once stayed up all night long to finish it.Just one of the great , irrestible book in the English language .
 First of all , I must admit I had a very difficult time grasping the understanding of most of what had happened in this book . There are so many hidden meanings , but I was glad that at the first read , I did n't dislike this book at all . The negative reviews on this book had given me a questionable doubt on the greatness of this classic , I thought I 'd dislike the book even before I read the first chapter , but I was enraptured in Tess 's wanting to belong and be loved .
 This book was mentioned in the fifty shades of grey books . I really enjoyed this book . Nothing like finding another book to read while reading !
 This book is most definitely a classic ! At some points the dialog is a little , difficult to interpret but push through because there 's very touching story here .
 Very well written , I enjoyed stepping back in time and stepping into a true love story ! I cried for Tess and Angel .
 This book is part of my resolution to read the classics . It is wonderfully written . The service from amazon is wonderful .
 It is sad how women used to be treated in these times . Still , the book was well written and insightful
 Loved the drama . Also loved not knowing what was going to come next . Kind of sad about the way it ended , but still thought it was great and wonderfully written .
 When a stray dog appeared in our yard sixteen years ago , my late husband named her Tess . Why ? She was a dark lady of uncertain origin.I had seen the TV series but had never read the book , sad to say . I found myself transported into a different world and time . I was mesmerized , yet I shared the undeserved pain Tess endured . I longed to help her find happiness and hope.I urge others to allow themselves to leave their every day troubles and share your days with Tess for a while.P.S . My Tess is still with me.We are slower but each day counts .
 This is a classic book that I have always loved and now can read on my Kindle . Glad to see it free !
 What a wonderfully tragic love story . This is a tale that I will return to again and again . Perseverance is Tess ' strongest trait
 Tess of the D'Urbevilles , by Thomas Hardy , is a wonderful novel , which tragically and poignantly follows the ill-fated life of its heroine , Tess Durbeyfield . Through his exquisite use of imagery , his reflection of Tess in nature , and the continuing thread of tragedy which he weaves throughout the novel , Hardy is able to present to us one of the most memorable figures in English literature . Despite her sincerity and integrity , Tess is forever destined for disappointment , and Hardy 's immensely lucid and descriptive writing allows the reader to appreciate this . I would recommend this tremendous piece of fiction to any readers interested in reading the work of a brilliant Victorian author , or for those who appreciate the paradox of sadness and beauty represented in the figure of a strong protagonist .
 In Tess of the D'Urbervilles , Thomas Hardy employs nature as a tool in helping him depict and develop the tragic nature of his protagonist , Tess . At least two aspects of nature are central to achieving this end
 I do n't understand why everyone else who wrote a review did n't like this book . It 's one of the weirdest yet greatest books I 've read . It 's up there in the pile with Jane Eyre ! From my point of view , the majority of people who wrote a review where FORCED to read the book in school , and people do n't like to be ordered around . I picked this book out myself at a bookstore and thank myself for doing that , it was a last minute decision to buy this book . What teachers should do is recommend books , not make students read them , it kills the interest in a book . This was a nice blend of tragic and weakness . Usually a book has a fierce female fighting the mean , crude , bad man . But this book was different , being a weak girl and innocent man , and being different is just like thinking differently , and that 's good .
 This book wo n't be for everyone . Yes , it can be too contrived , too convenient , too melodramatic , but you must take into consideration the time in which it was written . If you give in to the the story of Tess , you will be rewarded for it is a well written story with complex characters that define Hardy 's style .
 Hardy 's use of tragic irony can be compared to that of Romeo and Juliet , though his profound pessimism about human life can seem a little extreme . His style of writing is beautiful , but a little drawn out.One theme that can be found throughout the book is that of the hunt . Tess is a hunted animal , pursued by a cruel world and a society that can accept the evil of men , yet rebuke women for their mistakes.Tess -LRB- cause and effect -RRB- : Because of her beauty she is pursued . Because of her sex she is helpless . Because of her helplessness she is captured . Because she is captured she is violated . Because she is violated she is ruined .
 Tess of the D'Urbevilles is one of the true literary greats . It 's heroine is a charachter that one can always empathize with and as you travel through the book you find your self lost in admiration for this strong , honest woman.It is ultimately a tragic novel , but never sinks into hopelessness . The heroine is not self-pitying and through all her troubles her hope and compassion shine through . It is a book about hipocrisy , love and the struggle to survive.Quite simply , the most beautifully crafted novel I have ever read . READ IT .
 My favorite book of classic literature , Tess had me crying and begging for more . Hardy unfolds this tale with true genius . Filled with love , hate , depression , and happiness , Hardy does an incredible job of displaying human emotion . I heartily recommend it without second thoughts
 Classics are forever new . I first read it as a teenager and loved the romantic side and now as a senior citizen I see the social side of the relationships .
 I do not get all the negative reviews on this book , this has to be one of the best books I 've ever read . A tragic tale of Tess Durbeyfield , a young woman of pure spirit wronged by society and forced to live in shame , even though she was the victim of a crime -LRB- rape -RRB- . The story ebbed and flowed like a long running soap opera until its tragic end . The author 's use of prose was lyrical and magical . I wished I had marked my favorites to quote now . Maybe next time I read this.Highly highly recommended .
 I read Tess of the d'Urbervilles for the first time recently . It definitely was a well written , very interesting and thought provoking book . I really liked it . Now I can see what my best friend has been raving over for so long.It really gives an in depth portrayal of the character 's feelings , thoughts and desires . When Angel finally repents and sees how he is wrong , it is too late . Tess has already fallen back into sin with the man who caused her to fall many years before . Once she finds out Alec has deceived her , she not only despises him , she kills him . I just thought it was a good way to say that there are always consequences for our actions . I kept wishing the whole book that she had told Angel about her past before she married him . It would have spared them a lot of grief . I think he would have handled it better and hopefully been man enough to forgive her . It would have saved a lot of the grief that came later . What was really bad was how hypocritical Angel was when he confessed his own sin , she forgave him ; yet when she confesses hers , he cast her out of his life . I could see the viewpoint that it really shows human error at it 's best.Maybe I am wrong in how I took this novel , but these are my views.All in all a very very good read .
 It has come to my attention that this novel is required by American and Canadian highschools - which is why some of the ratings are so poor . Infantile criticisms by teenagers -LRB- who might change their minds later -RRB- disrupt the rating system used by Amazon . The fascinating aspect of Hardy - in this work , as well as in others is the manner that Charaters and setting intertwine . Relationships are seemingly established but what renders Hardy a literary tragedian is his capacity of substantiating the relationships into pre-determined moulds ; the ending is somewhat predictable but the psychology leading to it and how it is developed is the interesting part . My only problem with Hardy is how he characterizes Brazil - Curitiba and then follows with him being in Rio de Janeiro . I would have liked to see more written about the actual experience there - but that is a minor complaint . PS - for some of the readers out there
 Tess is such a weak character , one you 'd love to hate . That 's what makes this book so appealing , you want to hate her , but you ca n't . From , Meredith
 When John Durbeyfield first discovers that his family is descended from the D'Urbervilles of British aristocracy , it seems like his poor family 's key to freedom . He sends his older daughter , Tess , to live with the D'Urbervilles , unaware that the current family of D'Urbervilles are imposters.At the home of these imposters , Tess is raped by the eldest D'Urberville son , Alec . She flees and gives birth to a child conceived by the rape . The infant dies and Tess buries him in secret.In an attempt to escape her past and start anew , Tess takes a milkmaid job at Talbothay 's Dairy where she meets and falls in love with Angel Clare . Angel is a beautiful man who loves Tess deeply , but when he proposes to her , she is torn between lying to him by omission versus telling him of her past with Alec -- a choice that would likely alienate him in the strict morals of Victorian Britain.After they are married , Tess breaks down and tells Angel of her shameful past . Angel ca n't cope with it and leaves Tess penniless to travel to Brazil . When both Angel and Alec return to her , she is faced with the choice between them and the disastrous consequences of her decisions.Overall , I was disappointed by the lack of theme . The story is just unrelenting bleak , which would n't have bothered me except there did n't really seem to be a point to it . A lot of the text is spent repeating things that really did n't need to be repeated , especially in the entire section devoted to the lead-up to Tess agreeing to marry Angel . We knew it was going to happen , so I quickly lost interest in all tension-building that did n't really build any tension.I guess it might have been about the tragic fate of principled people . Tess is a moral woman , she desires only to be happy -- and both lead her to nothing but tragedy . I realize this was a bit cutting edge in the late 19th century when people wanted their stories to have happy endings no matter what happened in the middle . But explorations on the unfairness of life are only realistic if they rest on the capriciousness of fate . Murphy 's Law just does n't kick the hell out of people like it does to Tess.There is the class confusion element ; the `` what constitutes a true gentleman ? '' ; the critique of basing the aristocratic label on either blood or money . But , really , I 'm getting burned out on the theme that poor people are just inherently better than everyone else . It 's not realistic so it does n't do much for the development of a class conscience.There is n't even any feminist theme . Men dominate Tess her entire life , but this is n't the factor that leads to any of Tess ' problems . Her problems are shown to be entirely the work of cruel fate -LRB- who apparently has it in for her to an extreme degree -RRB- . Do n't get me wrong . I did enjoy the book . This is just what really prevented me from really loving it . I did enjoy the story and the writing itself . I just think there are better classics out there .
 I did not lose any weight , however . I recommend `` The South Beach Diet . ''
 Hardy 's Tess of the D'Urbervilles , unlike the description of the mixer included in a second user review , is a fantastic , if not incredibly difficult , book that is a must for any woman . It follows the story of a young girl who , in an attempt to help her struggling family , makes a series of mistakes that result in a loveless affair , an unfortunate pregnancy , the loss of a child , an estranged marriage , and ultimately murder . I was so caught up in the injustice of it all , that I scribbled responses to Hardy in the margin . In addition , the beautiful descriptions of 19th century farmlife in Britain are amazing . At times , this book seems hefty and longwinded , yet it is one of those rare gems that you suffer through only to find at the end that you are surprisingly satisfied .
 Tess of the d'Urbervilles is an outstanding piece of literature . It follows the struggles of its protagonist through life in the 1900s . Anyone who is interested in literature to the slightest degree must read this novel . It is captivating , spellbinding , and heartwrenching . Rarely do I cry while reading a novel , but I was weeping throughout this book . The incredible journey Tess goes on is unmatched by any other piece of literature to date .
 I 've not reviewed any books online , but after reading Mulcaheys review , and his note that the book was only rated three stars -LRB- average review -RRB- I am hoping my addition will push the book its proper place.Hardy is the master of off-timing between his characters , and the tone of the book -LRB- as one review notes - sad -RRB- should not weigh in when considering the place this book should hold in the history of English literature.It is certainly regrettable that he gave up novels for poetry after his early feminist views received a moderate amount of criticism . I wish he had a written a dozen more novels , even if only half as compelling as this title .
 This is truly one of Hardy 's best books ! The story is of a young girl -LRB- Tess -RRB- who 's father finds out that he comes from the old great family of the D'Urbervilles . So the family sends Tess to one of their relations to ask for money but also Tess ' mother knows that at the house where she is going to be staying there is a man named Alec and she hopes that Tess and he will marry . Alec is tempted by Tess and seduces her after she has been working at his house for a while . Tess has the baby which soon dies . Tess goes to a dairy farm where she meets Angel , a higher class well edgucated young man . These two fall in love and marry . On their wedding night he confesses to her a bad part of his past and she tells him about her child . Angel can not forgive her and leaves . I will stop here beacause I do not want to ruin the book for you , but I will say this it has a whollop of a finish and you will be surprised !
 I purchased this book after seeing the A&E move . I love this story passionatly . It is so easy to identify with Tess , hate Alec and be ashamed of Angel . I only hate that Tess has to pay for her wrong doing as it is so hard to sympathize with Alec or to find anything redeaming in him . I love some of the passages in the book that show Tess 's ideals , compassion , and proud nature , like when she takes sympathy on the injured quails by puting them out of their misery . It is odd but it shows part of Tess 's selfless nature and endears her to the reader . The story also has much to say about hypocrisy with out being preachy . It is one of my all time favorites .
 I love Thomas Hardy 's characters because he allows them to be fallible , allows them to be unduly influenced by the rigid thinking of the time in which they live . They make bad decisions , and suffer for them , and we suffer along with them . How refreshing!This book is incredibly rich , and there would be much to discuss in a class or book group . I actually think one of the most interesting characters is Alec d'Urbervilles . He is utterly contemptible , of course , but he goes through such changes in the book that he 's fascinating to watch . A great bad guy.Not surprisingly , Tess 's and Angel 's theme , the Double Standard one , shows up all over the place . I caught 3/4 of Sweet Charity on TV last night , remember that one with Shirley McClaine ? Great dance numbers . She confesses her past in a fit of passion , and guess what happens ? A scene certainly as heart-wrenching as the one in the crumbling d'Urbervilles mansion.If you love classics , what are you waiting for ? It 's worth it , as are Hardy 's other novels . If you are new to this sort of thing , reading it for a course or a class , you have a treat in store . Happy reading .
 Thomas Hardy 's novel makes a heroine out of a simple girl . Tess Durbeyfield , the daughter of a nearly extinct noble line , leads a life of heavy responsibility where her impoverished family is concerned . At the behest of her parents , she seeks assistance from the D'Urbervilles who are , supposedly , relatives . This assistance yields disastrous results and Tess feels compelled to find work as a milkmaid where she meets Angel Clare , the son of an evangelical pastor , who is gathering experience in order to become a farmer.Hardy does a splendid job of illustrating Tess 's strength as she goes from innocent girl to pure woman . Though she is not as educated as Angel , in terms of theory , her experience with Alec Stokes D'Urberville has given her a deeper knowledge of life and acceptance . Ironically , it is this experience which captivates and , predictably enough , repulses Angel.Hardy 's narrative is a powerful one in this particular tale . It is clear that this is Tess 's story and we , as readers , witness her painful journey . Through his subtle and understated use of irony , we come to realize the hypocrisy of Angel and wonder about the diabolical nature of Alec.What Hardy does emphasize in this novel is the unwavering hand of Justice which allows the novel to come to a bittersweet end and lets no one escape its strong , yet objective , sense of judgement .
 A beaute of a book to read . I fell in love with the characters , even weak/strong Tess . You have to read this book!This is the best Victorian literature can get .
 Tess , a naive and young girl whose one night relationship with her cousin Alec ruins her life , is a great example of a woman in love who would do anything for her husband and nothing for herself . Tess is a great book to read . I NEED HELP AND SOON IN LESS THAN A WEEK I HAVE A TERM PAPER ON TESS DUE -LRB- THE CONSEQUENCES OF MOTHERHOOD BEFORE BEING WED IN ENGLAND IN THE 1800 'S AS SEEN IN TESS -RRB- PLEASE IF YOU HAVE ANY MATERIAL THAT CAN HELP ME EMAIL IT TO ME . tHANKS IN ADVANCED !!!!!
 Even with a `` weak '' leading woman , that 's what makes this book so different to read from other books out there . I do n't think Hardy had a thing against women , it 's just the way he wanted this woman to be . A fatal lover , Tess proves to be stronger than one would think she would be . The short scene before her death at stonehedge just emphasises this woman 's -LRB- how do you say -RRB- weakness ? I ca n't describe how wonderful this book is.Tess of the Durbervilles is Thomas Hardy 's equivalent towards The Ambassadores by Henry James . Both are flooded with metaphores . Both take time to read to digest the words.It 's just sad to see that some people do n't know how to appreciate a long beloved Victorian Classic . They should read it again , and hopefully understand it the next time .
 I read this book soon after I had seen the A&E mini-series . Reading the book after watching the series gave me a better appreciation for the dialect -LRB- s -RRB- Hardy uses throughout the novel which could be a little difficult to decipher . Very good book overall .
 I picked up the audiobook -LRB- unabridged of course -RRB- at the library and gave it a listen . I could n't put it down ! -LRB- In a manner of speaking . -RRB- His characters are three dimensional and flawed in a way that makes you believe in them all the more for it . His descriptions of social mores and customs , as well as class structure , and pastoral England are well worth the read . There are some classical writers whose work I slog through , and some whose work I parcel out slowly so my enjoyment lasts longer . Hardy would be in the latter of the two groups . If you enjoy Thomas Hardy , I would recommend Moll Flanders by Daniel Defoe .
 For those beginning to read the classics this one is a great hook . While the characters are complex the story is linear and the allusions are simple enough to follow . One ca n't help but hope Tess 's life will somehow turn out right although knowing it will not . The burdens she encounters seem to do little to stop her from moving forward . Life seems so unfair to her , but Hardy handles her masterfully ; indeed it is safe to say Hardy loves her more than God does .
 I LOVE this book ! I ca n't express enough how grateful I am to the authors for writing this much needed book . Ph.D. . ABDs have lots of stress in their life with the dissertation and the oral defense . This well written compilation of new psychologists ' experiences in the ` real job market ' comes as a breath of much needed fresh air during stressful times . Very informative and interesting reading for all graduate students in Psychology .
 Covers by anecdote the events , decisions made during the formation of NRAO 's Tucson operation - just like the title says . Nontechnical , but does use jargon that might not make sense to those not already familiar with electronics and astronomy . Informal writing style . There are photographs , clear enough though not spectacular , in grayscale only . There are few facts -LRB- budgets , technical specs , etc -RRB- but does tell names of participants of meetings and events.Each chapter covers some aspect of running the operation - getting reliable electricity , creating software to run the dish , etc. . Things are not told strictly chronologically , as each topic is followed through time before picking up another topic in the next chapter . This could lead to a bit of confusion if you read this book in an on-and-off manner . Some chapters are very short , just a few pages.It 's all a juicy read for anyone already interested in radio astronomy , histor of the NRAO and NSF , and the administration of scientific facilities . It is n't the most enlightening book on the culture of scientists . Good pleasure read for professional and those exploring careers . I 'm starting a job soon at NRAO at another location , so have a close interest in stories in this book . If you 're interested in learning the physics of radio astronomy , or the engineering of the dishes , there are other books of more utility .
 Much of Dr. Anthony Stevens ' life work has been attempting to connect Jung 's theory with the achievements of modern biology , psychology , and sociology and showing the relevance of Jung 's ideas to modern science.In Archetype Revisited
 Fabulous ! `` The findings of the two new disciplines , evolutionary psychology and evolutionary psychiatry , in no way contradict or supersede Jung 's original insights into the nature and influence of the archetypes which make up the human collective unconscious . On the contrary , they corroborate and amplify them . They confirm that human experience and human behavior are complex products of environmental and hereditary forces ... . What evolutionary psychology is studying is the psychic unity of humankind . This is not , as some critics have suggested , a reductive universalism but an attempt to establish those psychic structures and functions , those strategies and goals , which we all have in common by virtue of our humanity . Far from diminishing our uniqueness as individuals and rendering us prisoners of our genes , this perspective enables us to celebrate with deeper appreciation the ways in which people living in widely different environmental circumstances work out variations of great complexity on similar sets of archetypal themes ... . In the presence of pervasive cultural uncertainty , it becomes a matter of urgency to understand the basic archetypal needs and resources of humankind . ''
 Insightfully written by Anthony Stevens -LRB- a Jungian analyst , and psychiatrist of 30 years ' experience -RRB- , Archetype Revisited
 I 've followed the literature of Jungian psychology for over 30 years and believe without a doubt that this is one of best books I 've read . Stevens `` de-mystifies '' the concepts of archetypes and of the collective unconscious and grounds them in biology and evolutionary psychology . He not only explains what archetypes are , but more importantly he describes the implications they have in our daily lives . His writing , while scholarly , is extraordinarily readable -- frankly I found all his books to be page turners !! -- and he brings clarity and insight to a sometimes convoluted field . This is an excellent book for readers both new to the field and familiar with the subject .
 Il etait une fois ... once upon a time , the two essential avenues for advancement for a poor youth in France were the military and the Catholic Church , symbolized by the red of the army uniforms -LRB- yes , before the machine guns of World War I made them change their pants -RRB- and the black of the clerical gowns . Stendhal , the nom de plume for Henri Beyle , had his classic work published in 1830 , just as Louis-Philippe d' Orleans was restored to the throne . The protagonist is Julian Sorel , of - dare I use the word - `` humble '' origin , the son of a carpenter , born in Franche-Comt &eacute; , a rugged area of France that borders Switzerland . He was determined to `` make his way in society , '' and Stendhal says that Hercules was an inspiration ; it was not a question of a choice between vice and virtue , rather it was one between the mediocrity of an assured well-being and all the heroic dreams of youth.Post-Napoleon , Sorel felt that his greatest chances of advancement to a high level of society were in the Catholic Church . Remember , it was a very different time , far away from the empty cathedrals that only tourists visit in France today . And as the novel adequately describes , the sexual hypocrisy of the male clergy was focused on women , and not the alter boys of today . Yet the `` eternal truths '' of the novel require only the modest substitution of Wall Street for the Catholic Church , and the rest , the careerism and political opportunism , the cynicism and the hypocrisy remain remarkably the same . Sorel decides to `` utilize '' well-placed women in his rise in society , starting with the wife of the mayor , Mme. De Renal , and later , one of his pupils , Mathilde , who will bear his child . Though Stendhal does not use the particular phrase , `` hell hath no wrath like a woman scorned ... '' he does use the expression , `` these terrible instruments of the feminine artillery ... '' which in the end exact the ultimate in revenge.As other reviewers of the English language translation have pointed out , this is one of the very first `` modern '' French novels . There is the in-depth psychological drama of Sorel 's moves as he struggles up the `` ladder '' of society , and there is also Stendhal 's acerbic comments on the society itself . Anticipating Sinclair Lewis ' `` Main Street '' by over a hundred years , Stendhal says
 This is a classic French novel that I had wanted to read for a long time . I was not disappointed . It is beautifully written . The characters are well developed and it provides a good sense of the time period . The main character is a somewhat perplexing combination of sheer ambition and wayward love . I admit , I found the ambitious side of his nature more convincing , but towards the end of the novel that seems to have given way to a more philosophical frame of mind . I purchased both the paperback and the Kindle versions . I am happy to have it in both of my libraries .
 &Eacute;crivain majeur qui fait un excellent portrait du 19eme si&egrave;cle en France.Livre dat&eacute; de 1830 . Style correspondant au r&eacute;alisme.Lecture un peut ardue par moment car il y a beaucoup de description.Il faut s ` adapter car c'est &eacute;crit dans un franais du 19eme -LRB- Le dictionnaire du Kindle aide beaucoup -RRB- . Livre assez volumineux et malheureusement avec le Kindle il n ' y a pas le nombre de pages.Quelques probl&egrave;me mineur de typographie avec la version Kindle
 It is difficult to download French books , if you own a kindle purchased with a US billing address for your AMAZON credit card.I was pleased to be able to do so for a classic novel I read in my late teens.Stendhal est un des grand auteurs du XIX si&egrave;cle -LRB- avec Balzac , Flaubert , Victor Hugo , &Eacute;mile Zola -RRB- . Ces auteurs commencent un nouveau genre de roman , le r&eacute;alisme en r&eacute;volte contre le romantisme.Le h&eacute;ros de ce roman , Julien Sorel , &eacute;chappe &agrave; son sort de futur charpentier . Il est diff&eacute;rent de son milieu et se destin&eacute; &agrave; tre prtre . Mais il devient amoureux de deux femmes successivement . Cela finit mal pour lui .
 Article neuf et livr&eacute; rapidement . Le texte est tr&egrave;s bon et tr&egrave;s bien &eacute;crit , je conseille &agrave; tout le monde de le lire .
 The book is very well researched and very well written . The authors explore not only the user of child pornogrphy on the Internet , but the psychology of collecting in general and the topic of computer addiction in general . They are quick to relate these topics to the topic at hand.The authors are cautious against making unwarranted assumptions . They recognize the difference between child pornography and child erotica . In reply to Mr. Mankoff 's question , the authors do not assume that all porno collectors are molesters . In fact , they explore the question of whether or not porno prevents contact crimes.Just in case anyone is interested in using the book as a manual on accessing Internet child -LSB- ... -RSB- , the authors purposely omit any such information .
 I 've been using REBT since it was RET -LRB- 1982 -RRB- in both my personal recovery from alcohol and other drug addiction and with my clients -LRB- certified and Licensed Chemical Dependency Counselor -RRB- . This book gives a very good perspective on the subject and I recommend it to all who are interested in using Ellis ' therapy .
 As she proved with `` The Shipping News '' , author Annie Proulx has an unmistakably intricate , often elegant writing style . The eleven stories that constitute her latest book are testament to her talent , though the short story format seems to undermine her ability to deepen her characters as much this time . In certain ways , that works just fine since the somewhat interrelated stories almost feel like parables set in her vision of a rural Wyoming caught in a downward economic spiral . She brings a tough yet big-hearted sensibility to her stories , some more than others . But on the whole the approach balances itself out well.My favorite of the bunch is `` What Kind of Furniture Would Jesus Pick ? '' , which despite its jokey title is actually a serious-minded distillation of the current red-state mentality . It 's a compelling tale about a man who ca n't make a go of his ranch and what it 's like to see your traditional way of life eroding on every front . Rancher Gilbert Wolfscale keeps at it , doggedly and half-hopelessly , fighting against the odds to save his land . The author writes about him with a tenderness worthy of a Horton Foote , and with a deep-seeded sympathy both for Gilbert 's determination to stay on his home ground and also for his urge to flee . He receives a final blow when saline wastewater pits , the byproduct of coal-bed methane drilling on land next to his , start poisoning his own land . Ranchers are suddenly thrown together with eco-conservationists , but they get nowhere protesting against the politicians and gas company officials who favor proceeding with the drilling . Wolfscale ends up on the open road , driving for the sake of driving and not caring where he 's headed . He 's about the only character in '' Bad Dirt '' who receives the full measure of her love.Five of the 11 stories in '' Bad Dirt '' are little more than comic anecdotes about the eccentrics who inhabit Elk Tooth , whose sole distinction is its three popular bars -- Pee Wee 's , Muddy 's Hole and the Silvertip . In fact , a sixth tale , '' The Old Badger Game , '' is hardly a story at all but an odd animal fable that some drunkard would have told in one of those taverns . The other story worth highlighting is `` Man Crawling Out of Trees '' , which describes through the eyes of a retiring New York couple , the difficulties of being a newcomer to Wyoming . The wife bears the loneliness as best she can , while her husband delights in long drives through his new surroundings , classical music blasting from his car stereo . Through a series of revelations , a flawed marriage is exposed , and the power of place collides with their reality in unexpected ways , and Proulx is careful not to tip her hand toward where her deepest sympathies lie . As a whole , `` Bad Dirt '' hangs together nicely with recurring minor characters tying the stories unobtrusively . With the exception of a couple of stories that simply seem out of kilter with the rest , Proulx 's book certainly makes the ranchland atmosphere of an economically downtrodden but physically beautiful Wyoming come to life .
 The other posted reviews here all do some justice to this book . It was not the overwhelming and unforgettable event of Wyoming Stories but I was glad it was published and happy to have read it . For one thing , it underscores the acheivement of the first volume . The stories have their own interest but like the minor works of a great genius composer we gain insight from our time with them into the great accomplishment . we see haow much it took to produce.As one reviewer said , they do not bring on the great poetry and technicolor of the first ones but illuminate a variety of human types we might pass on our tourist visits and never have the imagination or empathy to imagine a life for.Flannery o'Conner would have loed the trailer stories and the people .
 I greatly enjoyed Proulx ' Close Range collection of short stories , and Bad Dirt -LRB- subtitled `` Wyoming Stories 2 '' -RRB- is a very worthyencore . The Close Range stories gave a wonderful flavor to therural areas of the state , the people , the land , the warm and therough sides , both past and present . Some of the stories werehumorous , others were harrowing , some were a whimsical mix . You ` llfind just the same mix -LRB- and a bit more -RRB- in Bad Dirt . You start offwith a 12-page story about Game & Fish Warden Creel Zmundzinski -LRB- whoturns up again in a couple of more stories -RRB- that begins in a nicestraightforward fashion , and then takes off into a kind ofhumorous Proulx-Stephen King joint venture -LRB- or perhapsProulx-King-Carl Hiaassen -RRB- . Several stories center on the residents and the 3 bars in the tinytown of Elk City
 Did n't like it as much as At Close Range . The stories seems less inspired , a little more flippant , a little less likely to grab you , shake you , scratch you , bite you , gouge you than the former collection . Still very well written , and more engaging that most stuff I pick up on a whim or obtain on recommendation from friends or family . Oh - I 'm a Wyoming native , I live on the family ranch outside Saratoga -LRB- look it up on a map ! -RRB- , and trust me , the other reviews from us ` Pokes are right - these stories -LRB- and At Close Range -RRB- actually are pretty durn close to Wyoming then and now -LRB- especially the geography and landscapes , the climate , the damn WIND , and the very necessary self-reliance of most folks -RRB- , although I 'd have to say your average WY native is maybe just a little bit less colorful and probably a little bit more of a warm , caring , educated person -LRB- though we have more than our share of Proulx characters -RRB- .
 This volume of stories about Wyoming contains four fully developed , character-driven short stories interspersed with what feels like seven thinly disguised local anecdotes . Yet in both kinds of stories Proulx demonstrates a Faulkner-like skill at portraying agrarian locals coming head-to-head with modernity . The final -LRB- anecdotal -RRB- story , `` Florida Rental '' , especially reminded me of Faulkner 's `` Spotted Horses '' sequence from The Snopes Trilogy . And like Faulkner , Proulx seems to have an underlying affection -LRB- or at least respect -RRB- for all her characters , even the ones she seems to enjoy skewering.The substantial stories that I enjoyed are
 I 've read Annie Proulx 's earlier collection of Wyoming Stories -LRB- Close Range -- see my review of it if you 'd like -RRB- and found this collection equally masterfully written . Even as I get absorbed in each story , I can stand back and just admire the skill of using words to paint pictures of people and places . Amazing!These stories struck me as being more cheeky than the Close Range stories -- not quite as poignant , but more toward the funny side . But the tall-tale , mythical quality is still there , as is the spot-on description of the dusty , harsh , and utterly beautiful star of the book -- Wyoming -- and the dusty , harsh , and utterly beautiful people who dare to call it home . We meet all kinds
 Annie Proulx tickles me . I loved `` Shipping News '' for its mix of quirky characters , dark humor , sentiment , sheer scariness , and the impact of an isolated and starkly beautiful landscape . Much of this shows up again in her short stories set in Wyoming , where isolation and economic contingencies tend to get a strangle hold on the people who live there . The tough survive OK , but only by fierce determination and good luck , of which there is scarcely enough to go around.The stories range from brief comic interludes , existing sometimes chiefly for the sake of a punch line -LRB- `` The Old Badger Game '' and `` Summer of the Hot Tubs '' -RRB- , to humorous yarns about colorful local characters -LRB- `` The Trickle Down Effect '' -RRB- , to longer accounts of people up against unwelcome circumstances with every potential of crushing them . The marriage of a retired New York couple in a massive log house on a ranchette starts to crumble under the pressure of a Wyoming winter -LRB- `` Man Crawling Out of Trees '' -RRB- . A 4th-generation rancher is squeezed into a desperate corner by rising costs , falling prices , coalbed methane drilling , and a disintegrated family -LRB- `` What Kind of Furniture Would Jesus Pick ? '' -RRB- . A hundred years of Wyoming history are compressed into a story about the fortunes of a wealthy polo-playing family , the empty shell of which is invaded by descendants of the massacred at Wounded Knee -LRB- `` The Indian Wars Refought '' -RRB- . And finally , in my favorite story of the bunch , a young man trying to pull his life back together finds himself in a nightmarish situation involving a violent neighbor -LRB- `` The Wamsutter Wolf '' -RRB- . This one had me sitting up past my bedtime , wide-eyed in the night and heart pounding.The tone of the stories varies with the publication they were written for , and these range from The New Yorker to the literary quarterlies , to Playboy . Once you get over that , you can settle back and just let Proulx pull out whatever stops she cares to , to create one heck of a read - and one right after another.Readers who enjoy her broadly humorous Elk Tooth stories will enjoy Robert Welsch 's comic collection , `` It 's Not the End of the Earth , But You Can See It From Here , '' set in fictional Centralia , Nebraska .
 This volume of Wyoming stories is just as true , and at times as harsh , as `` Close Range , '' but it is infused with more humor . I found it a much easier read than `` Close Range . '' However , it did not resonate with me the same . It was overall a lighter take on Wyoming life . I would recommend it , but only after you read `` Close Range . ''
 These stories range from mildly funny to utterly bizarre , and as I savored each tidbit I could barely wait for more . Heck , this was worth reading just to get acquianted with folks with names as Runyonesque as can be . The whole assemblage ends up with the flavor of modern fairy tales ; in the end , a lesson is learned , good wins over evil , the prince & princess live happily ever after . Sort of , in a crooked way . I liked the connectivity , the fact that because I 'd read about a character in one story I already had the inside scoop on him or her as played out in a subsequent tale . And of course the `` character '' of Wyoming plays out across the whole book . This book is a good summer read .
 Annie Proulx is one of the finest living American writers . She is gifted at crafting longer works of fiction that explore the complexities of some very unique people , but also equally talented at creating short stories about similar characters that are just as lasting . `` Bad Dirt '' , a second collection of short stories set in her beloved and tested Wyoming , is a collection that offers pathos and humanity and humor along with a little of the fantastic.One of the standouts in this collection is `` Men Crawling Out of Trees '' about a pair of New York transplants whose marriage is crumbling and who will never quite fit in among their adopted neighbors , no matter how hard they try . `` The Wamsutter Wolf '' is a harrowing look at the bleakness of life for those who have few options to leave a depressed state , and `` The Indian Wars Refought '' is a heartfelt examination of the ranching life and the impact of reservation life for Native Americans . Proulx tempers her longer stories with short gems , like the initial `` The Hellhole '' about a Game and Fish Warden who discovers a remarkable -LRB- and perhaps miraculous -RRB- way to dispose of criminals.In each story , whether serious or downright humor-driven like `` Florida Rental '' , Proulx creates characters that are real and believable . It would be impossible to surpass some of her previous masterpieces in terms of short stories , like `` Close Range '' and `` Heartsongs '' but `` Bad Dirt '' reaffirms what an incredible writer Proulx is . It would be far praise indeed to say that she just might do for the West what Flannery O'Connor did for the South . She has a way of creating stories and characters that sear into your imagination and will not leave . The bad dirt of Wyoming definitely makes for some excellent storytelling .
 These remarkable short stories are equally masterpieces that one does not get bored reading them repeatedly . The depiction of rural life is amazing.The stories are equally compelling with vivid descriptions , beautiful narratives and brilliant plots . Like The Usurper and Other Stories , A twist in the Tale and the Works of Anton Chekhov , this collection is a part of my list of good stories and books . They made me laugh a lot and I learned something from every one of them .
 Proulx 's `` Bad Dirt '' captures the size , dryness and dust-blown reality of the Wyoming setting and throws a range of modern-day characters into the scene , complete with -LRB- her signature -RRB- odd names and even odder behavior . There are good guys and bad guys , heroes and protagonists . And in case the reader gets bored with things , she throws in a few fables to keep things interesting - something I had not seen in previous work.While this book is not as realistic as the first in the trilogy , it makes up for that fact with more colorful writing and more desperate situations . I was reminded of Proulx 's `` Postcards '' in many of the stories , the writing has that same isolated , haunting tone . Proulx knows what it 's like to live on a wind-blown prairie or a rocky scrub . She also reads human behavior well and is a keen observer . Taking both of these ingredients and carefully paring them down to their most salient elements is what she does best . The writing is spare and the dialogue even more so.One ca n't help but also sense of Proulx 's own personality , dislikes and likes . Careful reading between the lines shows that while she respects many Wyoming residents ' livelihood and history , she also knows it may be best to keep them at an arm 's length . Her penchant for wacky names , laundry lists and spare dialogue show a peculiar - if not interesting - take on life and it 's one that this reviewer finds intriguing enough to come back for more . ------- -LRB- The following review is for `` Just Fine the Way It Is '' , the last of the three Wyoming Stories . Amazon will not allow my review to appear on the actual product page , stating I bought them as a set and can not review them separately , even though this is not the case , I bought each as a separate purchase -RRB- ------- While still excellent writing , of the three books which make up the series `` Wyoming Stories '' , this is easily the least cohesive and suffers from a few Twain-esque additions which mark an odd departure from the whole.Most of the stories are standard Proulx fare ; evocative , timely and unique . I was particularly drawn to the final novelete , `` Tits Up in a Ditch '' because it covered the most ground and encompassed 3 generations of the Listers , a ranch family of lower economics and backward ways , making them both embarrassing and endearing . Another gem is `` Testimony of the Donkey '' , which reveals the writer 's own pith through the character of Catlin , a fiercely independent , modern boheme , who shows us that independent traits can be both rewarding and deadly.When Proulx stumbles , she does so with flair . `` I 've Always Loved This Place '' and `` Swamp Mischief '' are both stories featuring the Devil , and - while interesting and slightly humorous to read - are both polished coal in an otherwise unique collection of fine stones . They 're good efforts , but Mark Twain she ai n't . As well , `` Deep-Blood-Greasy-Bowl '' lopes in to paleo-historic territory and diverges into a writing meter that did n't hold my interest as well as Proulx 's familiar , homespun style . When I buy Proulx , I expect Proulx.These low points do n't exactly ruin the whole , but they dent a good fender on the vehicle which Proulx drives beautifully around her beloved state of Wyoming .
 The scenic , hardship , and roughness of the Wyoming ranching wilderness is painted in a lasting reading impression done in a short-story gold-nugget format.Never before has the changing and past American West been so quirkily idolized . And done so well.Human behavior is captured in such a colorful , poetic , detailed manner unlike anything I have ever read . Some of the word choices demonstrate excellent wordsmithing that succinctly create a picture . The sexual relationships among characters give each story grist , realism , and lasting impact where no man has gone before.There are bar stories in this volume that trigger giggling that would be worth in $ 50 of antidepressant medication with no side effects!I thought the first story `` The Hellhole '' oddly enough reminded me of Satanic Verses and the schizophrenic , psychedelic nature of the thinking processes of the characters in the book satirized from a humanitarian perspective . Perhaps drinking induces a similar effect in bar tall-tail telling folklore.As some have written , I too think Annie Proulx has a Steinbeckian style when describing the American West , but I do n't think this volume 's tone is as serious as the first and is more humorous . This and the prior volume reminded me of 10th grade English when I read American short stories and developed some knowledge of American authors and literature . I can imagine some of her stories being selected to be included in such textbooks some day!I have a rough time picking one story from the book as my favorite since each is such a colorful jewel . I tend to think you need to read the entire book as a collage of life experiences to see the big picture of Wyoming culture.I truly loved this book and the prior volume and I think Annie Proulx is one mighty fine writer .
 I gave this book as a gift . It is still one of the best I have ever read . Annie Proulx will make you very disappointed with any other author you read next . If you love the West and especially Wyoming , this book is a must .
 I started with the hugely acclaimed popular fiction , ` Shipping News ' and have worked myself through most of Proulx 's output . ` Bad Dirt ' is a second round of shorter pieces on the town folk of her region . I suspect they are based on actual folk and I wonder how she fares with those who can ` spot the influence ' , as for the most part the characters are resourceful types but subject to the author 's merciless mirth . I 'm not there , or party to these truths . So I can sit comfortably and howl with laughter at the excruciating , often sad characters who have an exotic appeal even in the ring of their names , so removed from the Australian lexion . Other than for the names , many of these tales could have been sourced beyond the perimeter of our sprawling cities . It 's for this humourous side and for a greater eveness of quality that I rate this above its predecessor . And for the sense of community that emerges through the repetition of names and venues , and the remorseless struggle to eek it out there it such formidable an environment . Proulx has really seen something there , and she is in total command of placing you in the seat along side herself . Would Ang Lee revisit Proulx for a set of these Northern Exposures ?
 I enjoyed the CD of this book very much ! I do n't see the audio version of BAD DIRT for sale here at Amazon , but if you enjoy books on tape and Annie Proulx stories , try to get these CDs . I do n't recall the reader 's name , but he does a fantastic job telling the stories and voicing the various peculiar characters of Proulx 's Wyoming . And the stories themselves are amazing , at times harrowing , at times laugh out loud hilarious .
 Once again , Annie Proulx has `` painted '' a masterpiece of individuals , locations and situations . I find myself totally immersed in every one of her stories . Would I personally want to be associated with any of these strange characters and/or plights ? Probably not , but I certainly do enjoy becoming a part of their lives through the pages of Ms. Proulx 's books ! I look forward to her next collection !
 This book has hilarious short stories that totally capture the way of life out here in the REAL West . . Annie must live the life and know the characters personally to have created such rich little stories about people I swear I know . I live in a small town in Idaho and I 've long thought about writing about the characters around here , but I did n't think anyone would believe me . She even slips in a tall tale or two which you are suckered into for a few pages before you realize , no ... . wait ... . that ca n't be , even though it 's a nice thought ! I 've shared this book with my whole family and they love it too .
 This is the coda to `` Close Range , '' E. Anne Proulx 's blockbuster about life on the range . I liked this collection quite a bit , found it more approachable than `` Close Range . '' Most memorable was `` The Summer of Hot Tubs , '' a hilarious story that you can imagine being told after dinner . It seems that Proulx has lightened up , has let her characters really speak for themselves.Western HorsemanThe Straight StoryThe Cowboy KindMaking a Hand
 I 'm an avid reader , have been for years , and come across many good and sometimes even great books . Bad Dirt is one of the best ! From the first story you find yourself in Wyoming , the landscape , the people , the flavor is so real and palpable . I wish every story would be a novel !
 This book of stories depicts the life of the sparsely populated lands of Wyoming . The hardscabble , tough fought life for existence is depicted with Proulx ' usual excellence . Her language is that of the Wyoming environment . Her characters are the wind toughened , deep winters folks of the life that tests each and every persons ability to cope with a severe environment.Her stories are loosely connected through the bars that the people of Wyoming patronize and some of the characters that reappear from story to story . From her story about the devil 's hole that consumes people in flames , to the unique method of keeping cattle off one 's land , the stories are true and bare portrayals of an existence of challenge.The book is recommended to all readers who like great prose and excellent depictions of hard lives with which Annie Proulx is so familiar . Her life in both Wyoming and Newfoundland allows her to observe how those that live in such challenging territories manage to keep on going . Once again , Proulx creates a wonderful portrait of life under stress . It is a truly fine read .
 This is a great book . Many of the stories had me laughing out loud . I did n't find BAD DIRT as ` bleak ' as CLOSE RANGE and POSTCARDS . I almost did n't read it , because I found the two others listed above as just too much hardship and deprivation . I kept repeating the word ` bleak ' about Annie Proulx 's writing , until I read BAD DIRT . Give it a try , you wo n't be sorry .
 This was the second Annie Proulx book of her Wyoming Stories , that I 've read . I 'm ready to go for a third!Her characters are drawn well , very human and often quirky . She gives you a real feel for the Wyoming country , the people who live there , and the ones who stay and survive . Some of her stories border on fantasy , and they are some of the most memorable . These are all short stories , three of them are worth reading over and over.My favorites
 After ` Close Range ' , I held my breath that this would n't be a letdown . It is n't . Proulx keeps charging with her mesmerizing , uncomfortable stories of human fallibility set against a stunning landscape . AP singlehandedly makes one wish the short story had more of a place in our literature . A superb read .
 This pulitzer winning author holds you spellbound as she describes everyday life in Wyoming.You can tell she has a wide life experience .
 Loved every story , adored the originality and creativity . Really sorry it came to an end ! This author never disappoints me .
 This author writes with a depth of knowledge of her locality . You find yourself unable to put the book down , and the biggest disappointment is reaching the end , and wishing there was more . Annie Proulx knows human nature , and is not afraid to delve between the shiny surfaces and pull out the grimy undercurrent which motivates her characters . A must read for real escapism !
 For critical readers , AP 's second , sometimes brilliant volume of short stories about Wyoming , contains covert warnings against living or retiring in the state . `` Bad Dirt '' 's 11 stories are good to excellent , with two exceptions , the opening story and the story about badgers . The state of Wyoming is said to have a population `` large enough to fill a phone booth '' . They may be poorly educated , but are surely used to and prepared for natural disasters of any sort and no stranger to disasters of the private kind . Wyoming 's failures leave and rarely return . In this book Buddy Millar does return and sets new standards for failure . Wyoming 's escapees who made good only return to manage the spoils of death , such as the descendents of the couple who died aged 102 and 101 , to sort out what to do with the land and a house full of hoarded junk . Another story sketches the difficulties of wealthy East Coast retirees to integrate.A running theme in this volume is the Pee Wee bar in Elk Tooth -LRB- pop . 80 -RRB- , one of 3 profitable bars there with steady customers from within a radius of 60 + miles . Pee Wee 's bartender Amanda and Creel , a regular who combats illegal hunting and fishing , provide material for four other stories.AP never writes stories aiming to score with a final punch line . When it happens , it is a bonus on top of emphatic writing , great dialogue , and foremost , deep research in terms of oral and written history to gain a thorough understanding of the skills needed to survive in Wyoming -LRB- and/or Newfoundland , New England , other states and areas she graced with her writing -RRB- . It is an ode to struggling `` fly-over America '' , ignorant of the intentions and hostile to any type of government interference in their lives . Great writing , great book .
 bad dirt , book 2 of wyoming stories by annie proulxharsh rural life in wyoming , the nature and background of who settled there first was good . the nature really enthalledme to keep reading , such beautiful things in life .
 I have been a fan of Annie Proulx 's for quite some time and finally got around to ordering this set of short stories . And I was not disappointed . The writing is beeautiful evoking the best of the landscape and the people . With each story , I really want to try and experience her Wyoming for myself . I highly recommend everything she has written !
 Handbook of methods for microbiological quality control in pharmaceutical and medical devices
 If you are new to memory and are interested in learning about the mind and memory , and I must n't forget to add forgetting , this is a brilliant starting book . For me it is like the general public 's introduction to memory - but would also be a great read for a keen undergrad entering psychology . It goes over a lot of the key concepts in psychology -LRB- memory oriented -RRB- and provides and spin that the reader can relate to the concept under discussion.Memory from a broader perspective -LRB- see link below -RRB- would make a good accompaniment to this book , again for the same audience . For a softer introduction into memory see Seven Sins of Memory -LRB- see link below -RRB- . Memory from a Broader PerspectiveThe Seven Sins of Memory
 The Barbarians Beverage is an indispensable secondary source source for the history of beer in Europe from ancient times to the Middle Ages . Top quality scholarship providing critical evaluation of the primary literature . Well written and a pleasure to read .
 I bought this book as homebrewer who is fascinated by ancient beer history . It certainly delivers that , in a very dry college thesis term paper way . In fact , half the book is references telling you where the author found his info . There are NO ancient homebrewing recipes , and it 's a humorless but intellectual read.I love beer history enough that I 'm glad I bought it , but it 's not for everybody . I wish I had paid less for it .
 This is the long overdue second edition of the book Culture Shock . It updates and adds new material by providing a thorough review of the literature on adaptation to new cultures and the return home and draws the most critical issues out of that material . The book goes from the impirical to the practical-not only what culture shock is all about but how to cope with the learning/adjusting process . I use it for training trainers who will work with people moving to unfamiliar cultures and recommend it to anyone who is studying intercultural communication . All three authors are known experts in the field and have collaborated to integrate their knowledge of the processes that are involved in adaptation , how to deal with those challenges , how to select and prepare people to move into new cultures , and how to bring them back . They also look at the research that has been conducted on specific groups such as international students , business personnel , refugees and others . This makes it possible to explore the unique issues that apply to each group . This is an essential reference for intercultural professionals and students in many fields .
 I have n't had time to read all of this book , but what I have read struck me as very well written and easy to understand , despite the challenging concepts examined . The book came quickly and was in excellent condition .
 This is such a tragic , moving story - hearing the voices of men discussing the almost undiscussable . But for me the most amazing aspect is their ability to cope - their ability to ` go with the flow ' and get on with things . Of course , this book is a very tiny sample -LRB- and even the author recognises that the sample is biassed - too many sterile rather than infertile respondents compared to population statistics - perhaps that tells us something about sterile men -RRB- and necessarily the author could not interview any man with fertility problems who had made the ultimate withdrawal from an unsatisfactory world.I know a man who is sterile and I can see synergies between him and the responses reported here , even though his cicumstance is different from all of them . Unlike the respondents here he knew before he was in a relationship - so he did not have a partner to provide support - neither did he have a partner with whom he could bury his own responses by providing her support . It affected him in different ways , but then his life did change . But , for all of these afflicted men , the continual ache in the background does remain even when parenting softens the blow to a degree.None of the men with infertility problems in this book makes the demand on their partner that they should just accept what fate has dealt them . These men - despite qualms and uncertainties - go along with their partners and fufill their own desires as much as is possible , by following the routes of adoption and assisted fertility processes such as donor insemination -LRB- DI -RRB- . Perhaps there is another book to be written - one with a broader perspective . How do men cope , for whatever reason , with a failure to become a parent ? Is it important to them ? Does it have an impact on their life 's ` achievement ' -LRB- think about Beethoven for example -RRB- ? Are men different in this to women?Be prepared to confront uncomfortable ideas when you read this book - other people 's sadness . One of the men saw that he had an ` invisible disability ' . For me this might have been the most telling comment of all - perhaps everyone has invisible disabilities of one sort or another and we should respond to people with understanding and acceptance of that.But then there was the anguish too . As one of the men said - It 's terrible to have a problem , and your wife is the one who gets all the treatment and suffering for it .
 This book is certainly outstanding and it the only book besides _ Shadow Syndromes _ which clearly confronts the topic of the relationship between Autism Spectrum Conditions -LRB- particularly Asperger 's Disorder -RRB- and the Schizoid Personality . While some researchers have proclaimed the two to be separate diagnoses -LRB- e.g. , Tantam -RRB- , Wolff proceeds to give a detailed account of a group of children who were labeled ` Schizoid Personality of Childhood . ' Furthermore , she extensively reviews the psychiatric literature in examining such children previous to Hans Asperger 's account of Autistic Personality Disorder of Childhood , overviewing the evolution of the Schizoid Personality diagnosis . Wolff especially stresses the inadequacy of the current Asperger 's diagnostic criteria because it often fails to include minimally impaired/gifted ` Schizoids ' . Finally , Wolff expresses her conclusion
 Austism , schizoid personality traits , what do they have in common ? Are they one in the same , with those who exhibit schizoid personalty traits simply being high functioning individuals with autism ? Or are they discrete diagnostic entities , not simply the same condition but only at different ends of the `` autistic spectrum '' ? Sula Wolff provides a rich discussion of people who by many are labelled `` asocial , '' providing anecdotal accounts with children seen in her own practice , as well as a wealth of information from formal studies . This book should be in the library of anyone who has an interest in children who do not seem to fit into society and by those who are interested in the subject of individuals with high functioning autism .
 While I wish there were more books out there about less extreme cases of these disorders , it was a very informative and enlightening book . It has definitely changed my outlook of this whole subject . It was sometimes hard to read , but if you can sift for the meat of the issue it is well worth the effort . If you love to read real cases studies , with real facts , and not interpretations based on the author 's bias , you will love this author 's style .
 this was a short but hot book the sex was great i wish i could find a man like this .
 I have only read 70 pages so far , but this book seems like a perfect educational tool for what is going on in today 's society . Political/emotional explosions in politics & culture -LRB- esp . in the U.S. right now -RRB- go much deeper than simple policy opinions , deep into the psyche and the imagery with which we identify as human beings on an individual as well as collective scale .
 This is a good collection of papers on the science of consciousness . Anyone interested on the field , or someone familiar with it , will find nothing terribly new , except perhaps the clinical papers , those dealing with the placebo effect and somatic consequences of consciousness . This would be a much better introductory text than an original contribution in general.The introduction is about average . Papers on perception without awareness and consciousness in relation to memory and learning are quite good . Bernard Baars presents his cognitive theory of consciousness again . Then are the two really good papers , the jewels , one by Libet discussing neural correlates of consicousness , and a review of neuropsychology and dissociation in consciousness by A. Young , one of the best yet . Then there are the before mentioned papers on clinical matters , the often ignored section in consciousness studies . Max Velmans writes some philosophy of consciousness , and proposes a reflexive model , which I think was a little confusing , for mixing up phenomenology and objectivity . For example , for him pain is in the finger that hurts , not in the brain . But he admits the correlates and presumably mechanisms of pain are in the brain . He holds that pain is in the finger that hurts in a strange pseudo-phenomenological sense .
 This is a good collection of papers on the science of consciousness . Anyone interested on the field , or someone familiar with it , will find nothing terribly new , except perhaps the clinical papers , those dealing with the placebo effect and somatic consequences of consciousness . This would be a much better introductory text than an original contribution in general.The introduction is about average . Papers on perception without awareness and consciousness in relation to memory and learning are quite good . Bernard Baars presents his cognitive theory of consciousness again . Then are the two really good papers , the jewels , one by Libet discussing neural correlates of consicousness , and a review of neuropsychology and dissociation in consciousness by A. Young , one of the best yet . Then there are the before mentioned papers on clinical matters , the often ignored section in consciousness studies . Max Velmans writes some philosophy of consciousness , and proposes a reflexive model , which I think was a little confusing , for mixing up phenomenology and objectivity . For example , for him pain is in the finger that hurts , not in the brain . But he admits the correlates and presumably mechanisms of pain are in the brain . He holds that pain is in the finger that hurts in a strange pseudo-phenomenological sense .
 Drawing upon their personal research , the authors combine their findings with great insight to elaborate on the role of women in politics . Many different levels and types of political contests are discussed and the emerging role of the Internet and candidate Web sites as a political tool is extremely interesting . A great book for anyone interested in a women 's role in our political system and how they are viewed by voters .
 Ah , so so . A bit too lost in jargon . Different chapters are better than others since they are written by distinct authors.It is , nevertheless , the bible of family therapy and a good reference book to have .
 Book was in great condition and was delivered in a flash !
 OK , I 'm weird . I love this stuff and have been saving up to buy this book anbd finally did . Mr. Bisher adds to the literature of the Russian Civil War in Siberia using primary sources , many of them heretofore available only in the original Russian , and does a magnificent job of ferreting out the details . The reason this book is important is twofold
 This is a groundbreaking study . The Russian Civil War was still fought in Siberia and the Far East long after it was officially `` over '' in the Russian heartland . The book is elegantly written and meticulously documented . The mastery of sources is remarkable , considering that many sources are in Russia and therefore can be notoriously hard to penetrate . I kept thinking - how did this guy with no prior academic credits manage to turn so many stones ? Found all these extinct local newspapers - had n't they all been burned upon reading -LRB- in woodstoves -RRB- , torn up for smokes , or later destroyed as evidence?I spotted just a couple of errors . On page 133 the Bolsheviks `` converted Russia from the medieval Gregorian calendar to the modern Julian one '' . It was the other way around
 Not since Marx , Lenin or even Putin , has a book been written that captures what is in the hearts and minds of the average `` Russian '' . The author , James Bisher , comes from literary stock not seen in ages . A force to be reckoned with .
 Amazing depth of research not previously seen on the subject.Anyone studying the area should take note .
 When a contingent of MACO 's is assigned to the Enterprise to support Captain Jonathan Archer 's Starfleet crew both groups share a common goal
 The third season of Star Trek
 In the wake of the Xindi attack on the planet earth , Captain Jonathan Archer and the crew of the Enterprise have been assigned the challenging task of neutralizing a Xindi super weapon that is being prepared for the annihilation of the human race . Along for the ride is a troop of space-marines , the MACO 's . The MACOs view the crew of the Enterprise as soft and undisciplined , while the crew looks upon the MACOs with discomfort and concern . The cauldron is set boiling as separate missions expose Captain Archer , Major Hayes , Lieutenant Reed , Corporal Chang , and Ensign Mayweather to the best and worst of one another , and themselves.In a quest to discover the location of hidden Xindi weapon construction bases , Captain Archer , Major Hayes , and Lieutenant Reed embark on a shuttlepod journey to the planet Kaletoo to track down a Xindi supplier.Later , Ensign Mayweather is assigned to track down an odd emission reading at the edge of the Kaletoo system - and to take a squad of MACOs with him.In the interweaving tales both sides of the ` sharks and squids ' competition -LRB- mirroring the inter-service rivalry of modern day naval/marine contingents -RRB- learn valuable lessons about one another and grow in their -LRB- grudging -RRB- appreciation of the gifts and talents that both bring to the table in the fight to save the human race.Last Full Measure is a very , very satisfying read . The writing duo of Michael A. Martin and Andy Mangels manage to do an outstanding job of laying out several supporting crewmembers who one grows to care for by the end of the story , interweaves the work with a large amount of Star Trek backstory -LRB- particularly in the Prologue and Epilogue -RRB- , and offers up a satisfying moral and interpersonal relations tale.Sadly , however , while the novel is excellent , it goes to confirm in my mind a wide gap between Star Trek and the Enterprise series.Star Trek , at it 's purest form , is both a social commentary and a space adventure . This book manages to capture both elements well , and yet still manages to fall outside the pale of what , in my mind , constitutes a Star Trek story.Conflict and the occasional poor decision needs to be a staple of good storytelling , particularly when one is attempting to create a sympathetic hero-figure . Sadly , in the tradition established in the televised episodes of Star Trek
 Seven million dead . That was the death toll when the Xindi attacked earth with their first attack . Now , they are constructing a weapon that would destroy the entire planet . Captain Jonathan Archer and his crew must work with MACOs , with whom they often have an adverserial relationship , to save the planet earth.Through the story , they are seeking clues in a part of space humanity knows little about populated by species they know even less of . However , failure is not an option as failure means the end of Earth.Through the story , Starfleet and MACO learn to work together . They learn , grudgingly at times , to have respect for one another . They realize that they are truly on the same side.The authors keep the story moving with vivid detail . You can picture the main players and events as they unfold in four different places , including the Xindi Homeworld , which Arthur and his crew is trying to find.Unfortunately , this book does not have the complete story of the quest as the ultimate fate is included in the TV series . If you have access to it , you need it to see what happens in the end . Other than that minor point , I think this would be an enjoyable book for Trekkers everywhere .
 I had heard that the new `` Star Trek '' movie -LRB- XI -RRB- would be using sources outside of the TV shows as Canon . -LRB- JJ Abrams made this decision - it is still contrary to the thoughts of Gene Roddenberry , but I 've never understood why Roddenberry would n't accept some of the better written books as Canon . -RRB- This is one of the books that is used as Canon for the new movie . It tells a story that takes place after the episode `` The Xindi '' . It explores the relationship between the Starfleet Crew and the MACOs , and there is a framing story which contains some very interesting revelations . With a cast of characters you 'd be familiar with having seen the show `` Enterprise '' , there is information about one of the main characters of that show , as well as one of the main characters of TOS that serves to remind us that good fiction should be Canon.You 'll want to follow this book with `` The Good That Men Do -LRB- Star Trek
 I 'm not finished with it , but I have been reading `` Last Full Measure '' . It 's basically another story set during season three when the ENT crew were trying to find leads so they could find the Xindi weapon and home planet . It 's a flashback story , the novel starts off 80 years after the Xindi fight is over , and this is someone from the ENT crew -LRB- not telling you who but you 'll know -RRB- remembering this event . It really feels like another episode from season three when you read it . That can be a good or bad thing . It 's nothing original , that 's the downside . The good side is that it does have good interaction between characters , it tells what people think of other people on the Enterprise , mainly what the ENT crew thinks of the MACOs . While showing each character 's point of view on the Xindi and their personal thoughts about them.It does have a few points about it that make it interesting , some of the crew are unconscious because of what they think is another `` space anomaly '' , Trip and Hoshi being part of those who are unconscious . Being in a coma like state , Trip begins to dream about Elizabeth again . The tall , pyramid object on the cover of the novel is a tall memorial in San Francisco to those lost in the Xindi war and it is talked about in this novel.Overall , the novel is good for what it is , a story set in the Xindi search of Enterprise season three . It really does feel like an episode from that season , kind of makes you wonder if this is the episode the authors would have like to have done in season three . Instead of going back to season three , I would have liked to have seen an entire novel telling us what happened after season four .
 I have never seen a single episode of ENTERPRISE , so I started on this series ' books to have more ST to read . This is the third one I have read & so far I have found all of them worth the time . I still prefer the classic Trek stories , but I 'll read any related to ST if I have no other TOS books to get into . Even though I do n't know the characters very well , I have enjoyed the three I have read so far & the stories hold up well . I especially liked to see the problem Captain Archer has to face on the torture issue because this is one of the things ST has done so well
 Star Trek
 Writers Michael A. Martin and Andy Mangelis have crafted a very good action-adventure tale in their novel `` Last Full Measure -LRB- Star Trek
 this book is great and is better than the Enterprise series . it even has a surprise at the end that would correct a problem from the last episode of Enterprise .
 I read this book as part of an advanced qualitative research methods course . I enjoyed this book especially at the beginning , but by the end Dey 's ideas and writing becomes redundant and tedious to read . I found I had to read past the `` humor '' examples Dey uses as his data and apply the ideas to my own research projects/data . It was n't hard to do , though , so I think others can do the same and enjoy the ideas in this book as much . While the book is not a `` how-to-guide '' for qualitative data -LRB- there will never be such a guide -RRB- , this book has great ideas for beginners and even experienced researchers .
 This is one of the most extraordinary books about archeological discoveries in the last 20 years , and offers great insights into the Balkan neolithic cultures , which are so little known and mysterious outside of their respective regions . these cultures such as Cucuteni and Hamangia are captivating , and as a person originally from romania I am simply amazed . I applaud Mr. Bailey for writing this relevant book - not only its archeological validity , but as a new way to understand the neolithic past , to see that after all , people were not so primitive back then . they culture is totally fascinating . This is a must read book for anyone who cares about the beginnings of civilization , lost civilizations , and the history of art . Seems that we were great artists in neolithic times , and modern art is just a rediscovery of the past .
 Starrett 's `` Drama of Leadership '' packs a lot of information into 166 pages . Over eight chapters he reviews the development in the study of leadership , what is missing from the literature and his opinion on the implications for future leaders . Unfortunately , if the reader does not have the same base knowledge on the subject and breadth of vocabulary as the author , the book is an arduous read . For instance , he refers to over 40 theorists and significant authors . Many of them are mentioned briefly and only in relationship to one another . Also the third chapter mentions functional rationality , but I did not know it was synonymous to instrumental and technical rationality until a footnote in chapter 5 . That shows my weakness though , not Starrett 's . If you want `` Leadership Studies for Dummies '' this is not the book for you . For novices in this subject area , it is a good starting point for a scholarly overview of the study of leadership . For scholars , it creates `` big picture '' connections . -LRB- Chapter titles
 Awesome book and story.Keep up the great team work.Would Love to read this in paper back , looking forward to doing so .
 Whether you are a linguist , or a person simply trying to make headway understanding an article that uses linguistic terminology -LRB- e.g. , all those J.R.R. Tolkien fanatics who discover Appendices E and F in The Lord of the Rings and suddenly want to read everything they can get their hands on about Finnish and Welsh grammar but would n't know a allative from an allosaurus ! -RRB- this book 's for you . What 's best about it , is not only does it give terminology utilized for non-Indo-European languages , but I found it was a great way to get a crash course in some of the latter-day schools of grammar that have erupted through the breaches in the once-solid wall of the stale , sterile , and limited Chomskian paradigm . My only complaint
 Politics in the Republic of Ireland is the most up-to-date and comprehensive text for both students and academics interested in Irish politics.Now in its third edition , Gallagher and Coakley take the unusual step of adding substantially to their original text , bringing some of the most able commentators in the Irish field of political science together in the same volume .
 I loved this book ... I would have liked to have had Pendergrast more involved , it was as if he was a secondary character . Maybe that was the point . I find it hard to believe that we have seen the last of any of these characters ... especially knowing how this book ends ! The trilogy may be over but the story ca n't be ! These are characters that can continue and become even more interesting.The potential fo rmore interesting stories is unlimited . I would still like to know more about Constance.She could even branch off from this series to her own now !
 This book is another great hit , well worth the wait ! I have read all the books by Douglas Preston and by Lincoln Child and will buy every one they write , they have all been great reads ! I ca n't wait for the next one !
 This is a wonderful series . It captures you and you are n't able to put it down until the last page is turned . They paint wonderful mental pictures and it is like reading a movie .
 I thoroughly enjoyed this latest thriller involving Agent Pendergast and his diabolical brother , Diogenes . I would agree with other reviewers in advising readers to fight any urge to read the last sentence . I was a little disappointed with the ending ... I think there should have been more closure in the death of such a major character , but as always - the ending leaves us eagerly awaiting the next Pendergast novel . Douglas Preston and Lincoln Child are a fantastic team who deliver every time !
 Another awesome book by P&C , could n't put book down , on my way to reading a second time .
 This is the latest book in the series featuring Agent Pendergast , and the final book in the Diogenes trilogy . As I 've said before , Pendergast , in my opinion , is one of the greatest literary heroes ever created , and I certainly was not disappointed in The Book of the Dead . In fact , Pendergast , having been through so much in the previous book , Dance of Death , becomes an even more complex character and actually shows his more vulnerable side . Secrets are finally revealed about his relationship with Diogenes , and we finally find out about the `` Event '' , a memory that Pendergast has long suppressed , and something that absolutely chilled me to the bone . It remains the best book I have read all year . For fans of Preston and Child , this is a ca n't miss book , but for new readers , it 's still a thrilling tale worth reading .
 Preston and Child are so much more than the sum of their individual parts when they collaborate . This is so evident yet again in Book of the Dead . This novel finishes with a bang what is an informal trilogy revolving around Aloysius Pendergast and his brother Diogenes . This trilogy is populated with many of their previous characters and protagonists serving in supporting roles to the brothers , and is a very satisfying novel and a truly enjoyable read . How do I know this was a trilogy ? One of the best things about this book is a brief two page note from the authors at the very end where they explain in which order to read their works and why.I have to give one warning though about what is otherwise a terrific book . I 'm not a professional reviewer , as are the writers of the two reviews which have already appeared here , but I have to say I disagree with them that this can be truly appreciated as a stand alone novel . If you have not read any of the previous works then do yourself a tremendous favor and take the recommendation of both the authors and myself
 The board members of the New York Museum of Natural History just do n't seem to learn . After experiencing the terrors of THE RELIC and THE RELIQUARY , one would think they would be concerned about reopening the Tomb of Senef , particularly since two men have experienced unexplained neurological damage while working on the project . However , the board is determined to pursue the project to deflect attention from their attempts to cover up the return of their entire stolen diamond collection - returned as diamond grit , that is.Diogenes Pendergast has put into motion the perfectly orchestrated crime . This crime is an attempt to recreate the work of his ancestor , Comstock Pendergast , and will affect all who enter the Tomb . Nora Kelly , William Smithback , Viola Maskelene , Margo Green , and Constance Greene are all returning characters from previous Preston and Child books and they too are part of Diogenes ' diabolic plan.Meanwhile , former Special Agent Aloysius Pendergast is incarcerated at Herkmoor Penitentiary , as part of Diogenes ' twisted plan -LRB- see DANCE OF DEATH for details -RRB- . Herkmoor Penitentiary is considered impossible to escape but that is before Eli Glinn employs his agency 's technical expertise . Pendergast , Vincent D'Agosta , and Captain Laura Hayward will have to work together yet again to stop Diogenes from wreaking destruction on their friends and the entire city of New York.Douglas Preston and Lincoln Child demonstrate once again why they are the masters of this genre . THE BOOK OF THE DEAD is a cleverly crafted thriller with enough twists and turns to keep the reader turning the pages well into the night . While the returning characters provide a sense of familiarity , Preston and Child do not sacrifice the plot by any means . THE BOOK OF THE DEAD draws the reader in from the first sentence and does n't let go until the very end . This is not a novel you will want to put down as Lincoln and Child continually keep you guessing as to how the characters will thwart Diogenes.THE BOOK OF THE DEAD can be read as a stand alone novel as the authors provide the necessary background to understand the basic plot . However , readers will miss the intricate details that make this series so successful if they do not read the earlier novels . At a minimum , this reviewer recommends reading DANCE OF DEATH prior to THE BOOK OF THE DEAD if only to provide the full complexity of Diogenes ' deviousness . Part of what makes the Preston and Child novels so addictive is the authors ' innate ability to weave together numerous plotlines from various books into a cohesive format . Readers familiar to the series will recognize details and characters from previous books and will be impressed at the sheer brilliance of Preston and Child at combining all of these elements into one book . THE BOOK OF THE DEAD is one thriller you do not want to miss reading !! COURTESY OF CK2S KWIPS AND KRITIQUES
 As usual , Douglas Preston and Lincoln Child confirm their great ability in writing cool , well-conceived page turners.In this book in particular , a lot of details about some of the characters are unveiled , and the `` Pendergast Trilogy '' featuring Aloysius vs. Diogenes finally comes to an end ... and what an end!Apart from the praises for the writing style and action scenes , for the characters and the mood , another point I found particularly strong in this book was the obvious amount of research the authors did . I am Italian , and the small details , for example the streets of Florence , or the cuss exclamation of a Carabiniere , or even the cell number of a bus driver -LRB- which uses a correct prefix for an Italian cell phone , no fake `` 555 '' number -RRB- all prove that they really went into research for the book.Also , the frequent sentences in Italian are correct and do make sense this time -LRB- unlike some of their previous books where the sentences were dictionary-translated and light-years from what a `` real '' Italian would say -RRB- . The only quirk I found was with the audio book itself - while the guy who reads the book has a fantastic voice and a clear , perfect tone , it 's also very clear he is not at ease with the Italian language.Some accents he uses while reading Italian words range from mildly amusing to utterly ludicrous , but then I guess it 's something only a native Italian speaker would notice.All in all , a fantastic book , definitely well worth it!If you appreciate Preston and Child 's novels , do n't miss this one , with a single caveat
 Book of the Dead is the third book in what Preston & Child call their `` Pendergast Trilogy , '' which began two years ago with Brimstone.Secrets are revealed , including `` the Event '' which transformed Pendergast 's brother Diogenes into a sociopathic killer.Characters from previous novels , inlcuding The Ice Limit , Relic , Thunderhead , and Cabinet of Curiosities make notable appearances . Pendergast 's mysterious ward , Constance -LRB- who has done very little in the earlier books , -RRB- takes a lead role with spectacular results.There 's action , violence , a scheme to murder millions , some twists , and the best prison scene since Silence of the Lambs.If you 've been waiting for this book , you wo n't be disappointed . If you 're new to the series , you might miss out on a lot of the references to previous stories , and you 'll enjoy this more if you read those earlier books first.I read it in one sitting , staying up all night , and I 'm tired but happy.Congrats on another winner , Mr. Preston and Mr. Child .
 `` The Book of the Dead '' is everything a thriller fan could hope for - a page-turning , unputdownable , thrilling , decadently readable , thoroughly entertaining , slam bang finale to a colourful , imaginative trilogy!The basic plot premise is simplicity itself ! FBI Special Agent Aloysius Pendergast 's younger brother Diogenes has announced his plan to execute a mysteriously undefined perfect crime . As a result of intense psychological examination , Pendergast has determined that this crime is to be Diogenes ' revenge for a childhood sin perpetrated against his younger brother , the nature of which has been completely suppressed in Pendergast 's unconscious memories ! The dastardly crime must be prevented at all costs despite Pendergast not knowing even the tiniest detail of Diogenes ' actual intentions ! The story gallops at breakneck speed from crisis to crisis as the life or death clash between Pendergast and his psychopathic megalomaniacal brother escalates to a thrilling climax but we are privileged to watch it being played out with masterful attention to character building , dialogue , detail , pacing and clever ratcheting or release of tension!As we have come to expect from their previous work , Preston and Child have once again packed their tale with a dazzling myriad of mini-plots that have afforded them a number of stages from which they could also deliver a series of wildly entertaining and informative lectures - the politics and history of Egyptian archeology ; the religious beliefs and burial practices of the ancient Egyptians ; the nature of security in a modern maximum security prison built for incorrigible offenders ; the logistical details of mounting a world class exhibit in a modern museum ; the potential for neurological damage caused by intense light and high volume sound bombardment ; the trivia of diamond classification , colour , cut and value ; and , arcane details of forensic evidence examination such as the study of knots or cloth ; to name only a few examples.Readers who have observed Pendergast 's growing resemblance to Conan Doyle 's Sherlock Holmes in the novels which preceded `` The Book of the Dead '' will shiver with a frisson of delight at the tumultuous Reichenbach Falls style climax which takes place on the very flanks of Mount Stromboli in Sicily . When Pendergast announced his intentions to retire to a period of solitude and contemplation at a Tibetan monastery , I quietly sent up a short prayer to the writing gods with the fervent hope that Lincoln and Child bring Pendergast back for a 21st century version of `` The Final Problem '' ! Quiet retirement or beekeeping would not suit Pendergast any better than it did Holmes.And , by the way , be very , very sure that you read this novel right to the very last sentence ... and what a last sentence it is!Oh yeah ... did I say that I enjoyed the novel?Paul Weiss
 Once upon a time there was a strange monster running around the basement of the New York Museum of Natural History and an eccentric FBI agent ... And so went the tale of the first book in which special agent Prendergast made his appearance . There are now seven books in this series and , despite the authors ' protests , it would n't surprise me to see number eight coming along at some time . They have always been better than merely readable and have occasionally shown flashes of brilliant . Unfortunately they do n't make the transition to film very well.Preston and Child pull out all the stops in this latest volume , the third to pit Prendergast against his evil brother Diogenes . The setting has returned to the New York Museum of Natural History once again , where a desperate leadership is attempting to counteract the bad press coming from Diogenes spectacular jewel theft . This , as you may remember , left Prendergast imprisoned for evils he did not commit and one of the world 's most valuable collections stripped of it 's treasures . When the jewels are returned as powder the museum hatches the idea of reopening an ancient Egyptian tomb buried in its cellars , complete with a multimedia light show , as a way of distracting the public.In the mean time a group of Prendergast 's friends plot to break him free from the Herkmoor Federal Correctional and Holding Facility . This clumsily named prison is a foreboding institute that is more than the equal if its Victorian equivalents - dark , menacing , and full of FBI agents who are bent on breaking Prendergast 's will . No one has ever escaped , but no prison has ever encountered this new version of the Mission Impossible team before . Of course , locked away in prison , Prendergast himself does n't play much of a part in the early going - something of a mixed blessing.Regulars to this series will recognize that Prendergast , with his overstated Southern gentleman style , austere looks , and brilliant mind , is a spitting image for Sherlock Holmes . Diogenes outdoes Moriarty as archfiend , and Mycroft as the brilliant older brother . The resemblances are uncanny , and no doubt intentional . Prendergast 's personality has that same coldness to it as Holmes , and the same irritating habit of always being right . One can quite understand why Diogenes is dedicated to eradicating him.This time the situation is even more desperate as Diogenes devious plot unfolds quickly , and we discover a multitude of falsehoods and betrayals . Prendergast 's brother is intent on getting even with everyone who has stood in his way , not just his brother . New York is again to be the site of a disaster . In the mean time you will find yourself delighted by Preston and Child 's amazing facility with the details of a prison break , an unending supply of Egyptianalia , and the methods of a no-holds-barred museum exhibition . Book of the Dead is really the best of a long series . You probably should start with an earlier volume , probably Brimstone , but going all the way back to Relic would n't be a disappointment .
 -LRB- NO MAJOR SPOILERS -RRB- One way or the other , I have to agree with some previous reviewers
 The Book of The Dead finishes up the storyline started in `` Brimstone '' , and it does so in a powerful way . After the rather disappointing ending of `` Dance of Death '' -LRB- a cliffhanger does n't work when it takes you a year to put out your next book -RRB- , TBOTD actually brings things together rather nicely . It 's not a perfect story though , so be prepared . While Pendergast has taken the starring role in the last few novels , the book is well over half finished before he becomes a major player . I was getting a little anxious and thinking Preston and Child were going to leave us with another cliffhanger here , but Pendergast does become a central part of the story and his battle with Diogenes takes on a powerful life of its own.That being said , you WILL need to have read the previous two books to fully understand what 's going on . And it was nice to see Constance getting to do something besides sit in the library and read all the time . She 's a character that deserves to be explored -LRB- and that 's almost guaranteed for the next book -RRB- . The major disappointment of this book is that it includes yet ANOTHER disasterous opening at the New York Museum -LRB- for those keeping score , that 's three big openings in the Preston/Child series and three big disasters -RRB- . Can those museum people not take a hint ? And who are the idiots who actually buy tickets to these things thinking `` Oh , the other times were just flukes '' ? People die when they open exhibits there ! Do n't go!While this story does n't end on a cliffhanger per se , it definitely leaves you wanting to know what happens next -LRB- a few of the characters futures are in question -RRB- . I love the characters Preston and Child have created . Each has an individual personality and depth . All in all , this is another incredible story by the team and it ends the trilogy with a bang . Grab this one and you 'll be looking for their other novels , guaranteed !
 Ok , so I was afraid ... you know the kind of fear from wanting a book to be as good as you want it to be ... but fearing you 'll be disappointed ? I have waited since the day I finished Dance of Death to find out how the heck Pendergast was going to break out of prison , what exactly Diogenes was now plotting since his previous plan had been ruined , and most important of all ... what is the EVENT that happened between these two brothers that caused Diogenes to hate Aloysius so much that he spent twenty years of his life plotting the `` perfect crime '' against him ??? Well these , and many other plot lines , are all gratifyingly tied up in the Book of the Dead -LRB- and there 's even a little twist at the end - even though I have to admit I guessed that one -RRB- . The story starts out solidly setting up the plot about the museum needing an exhibit to save itself from the bad publicity resounding from the diamond heist in DoD . Because I do n't wish to include spoilers - all I 'll say is that it just becomes more and more engrossing , until frankly I was rocketing through the story at a million miles an hour . I had no reason in the world to be afraid of disappointment as the book was everything I had hoped it would be and much , much more ! This book is definitely now my favorite of the Pendergast series -LRB- especially because of the background story of the EVENT , which further clues readers in on what makes Pendergast tick -RRB- ... and all I can say is `` Man , can these guys write ! '' and that now I ca n't wait until the next one !
 I love this `` series '' . I read the entire series in 2 mo. . This is a great book that fits in the series well .
 I have both read and listened to The Book of the Dead several times . By far this is my favorite of the Pendergast series !
 As the final book in the series of the Preston and Child triolgy of the Agent Pendergast saga this work has its good and bad moments . However on an overall scale the book is well worth reading and does have some good thrills in it.As we pick-up the story from a prior writing , Agent Pendergast has been sent away to prison and it seems all is lost for the good guys to capture the errant brother Diogenes who has caused all of the problems thusfar . The reader is led through a series of scenarios about the New York museum and a valuable old tomb that they have sealed away in their basement which a benefactor wishes them to reopen and put on display . As the plot goes on the tomb opening is really a ploy that leads to several more greater crimes . In the meantime Agent Pendergast with some help escapes from his prison and is soon hot on the trail of the pending disaster about to befall at the museum as they reopen the tomb.The story leads futher into the unmasking of Diogenes ' plan and his alter ego as he tries to escape his brother only to be tracked down by a most unlikely person . This person is no other than Pendergast 's ward Constance Greene who reveals at the very last sentance of the book her reason for wanting to kill the criminal brother . There are a few other revelations as well that are made during the last hundred pages or so which the reader will appreciate after having read the previous book in the series.In summary the book has its ups and downs and does drag at times , but there are some sections that really do keep the reader on the edge of his seat reading deeper and deeper into the book for the outcome . It 's well worth your time to get a copy and read .
 The Book of the Dead , by Douglas Preston & Lincoln Child - Book ReviewThe third and final book in the trilogy of novels by award winning novelists Douglas Preston and Lincoln Child , picks up where the previous book - Dance of Death - leaves off . FBI Special Agent Pendergast is in Hekmoor , a high security prison , framed for murders he did not commit . Those murders were carried out by Pendergast 's diabolical brother Diogenes who has now gone into hiding . Having stolen priceless jewels from the New York Museum of Natural History , he returns the diamonds crushed to dust . In a bid to downplay this horrendous `` attack '' against the museum , its management accept a donation from a reclusive French count to reopen one of the museum 's oldest , and now long forgotten , exhibits
 I enjoyed this book . I came across it by accident when looking for Lee Child . It was a quick read but enjoyed it alot !
 Douglas Preston and Lincoln Child bring what is unofficially called `` The Diogenes Trilogy '' to a gripping conclusion with `` Book of the Dead '' . The story arc that began with `` Brimstone '' and continued with `` Dance of Death '' wraps up with a number of questions answered , and important changes in the lives of some of the major characters . `` Book of the Dead '' brings the usual players - D'Agosta , Hayward , Smithback , Kelly , Green and of course , the Pendergast brothers - back to the New York Museum of Natural History for another round of the deadly cat-and-mouse struggle between Special Agent Aloysius Pendergast and his criminal genius brother Diogenes . Readers will find echoes of `` Relic '' and `` Dance of Death '' in the premise of another big museum exhibit gone wrong , but the novel is in no way a stale re-hash of previous plots . Preston and Child put their characters in precarious and confounding situations , and Diogenes spins a complex web of evil . There are even a few surprises thrown in.One of the most fascinating details is the revelation of the event that sent Diogenes over the edge and into a lifeleong hatred of brother Aloysius . The story arc draws to a satisfying conclusion , but the authors leave just a little room for doubt , plus a `` Wow ! '' moment on the final page.One of the most enjoyable aspects of Preston and Child 's work is their ability to put old characters in new and interesting settings . Pendergast , D'Agosta , Hayward and Smithback were first introduced to the reader in `` Relic '' . Nora Dunn originally appeared in `` Thunderhead '' before later crossing paths with Pendergast in `` The Cabinet of Curiosities '' . Eli Glinn was introduced in `` Ice Limit '' , while Viola Maskelene came along in `` Brimstone '' . If `` Book of the Dead '' has a weakness , it lies in the fact that Pendergast is sometimes too good at everything . He 's not physically imposing , but he can take out prison toughs in the blink of an eye . He 's brilliant , well-read and a master of spiritual disciplines . At times one wants to ask , `` What ca n't this guy do ? '' This is a flaw common to many heroes in the genre , and detracts only minimally from the enjoyment of the story.A note to the reader - Do not read this novel as a stand-alone piece . At minimum , read `` Brimstone '' and `` Dance of Death '' before diving into `` Book of the Dead '' . If you are a fan of the adventure-thriller genre , start with `` Relic '' and read all the Pendergast novels in order . A few plot threads from `` Still Life With Crows '' and `` Cabinet of Curiosities '' carry over into the Diogenes Trilogy , so take your time and enjoy all the works of these fantastic authors .
 This is the 2nd Pendergast novel I have read and I would rate it slightly below `` Brimstone '' but in the same ballpark and well worth reading . These books have an aura of the supernatural but the stories are in the end grounded in reality . The hero Pendergast has an evil brother as smart as he is , an everyday NYPD detective as a sidekick and several continuing female characters . I like the female no nonsense NYPD detective captain the best . This story flags a bit at times and has some filler . It could have used an editor with a green eyeshade to shape it up . But this series is different . I would buy it if only because it 's not set in Florida or Southern California but it worthwhile aside from that . Buy it for the unique , well crafted characters and interesting plot . One comment - Pendergast 's `` ward '' is creepy . She is NOT someone who would at least pretend to be interested while you explained the infield fly rule . I wish she would wander off into the moors lost in deep thoughts and fall off a cliff .
 As the final book of what the authors term `` The Diogenes Trilogy '' I was all set for a final battle to the death between Pendergast and his very evil brother Diogenes . I was pleasantly surprised to see the book move in a very different direction . Perhaps too much time was spent in extricating Pendergast from his unjust confinement , but the detailed process was executed with fascinating and belivable precision . As with the other Pendergast books , the strange protagonist manages to carry out his plans with such amazing ability that it is a bit mystifying that Diogenes could have accomplished so much of the mayhem that he has pulled off in the past . It was painful to watch Diogenes in action as he duped the the innocent Constance , but the reversal which happens is both believable and highly satisfying . The character of Constance is one which bears even further development , which I suspect is what will happen in Wheel of Darkness . I certainly hope so .
 Recall the absolute thrill be it in a movie or the book when Holmes does his logical deductions ? And how he always was an expert on virtually anything ? Well folks we have our own Sherlock Holmes now and has so far stood the test of time . Agent Pendergast is by far the most compelling character to emerge from our fiction writers in a long time . And best of all the authors know to ALWAYS leave you wanting MORE . You read the kind of story the has immediacy to keep you interested and I regret each page I finish only because there will be less of the book to read . If you are reading this review and have not had the pleasure of reading any of these collaborations in the past how I ENVY you . Go to the first book and get ready for some of the best reads you will ever have . The characters are true characters with many many characteristics that make them ` real ' in that they each stand out and on their own as people . And the Villians ! Ah he has his professor Moriarty a definite ode to Sir Arthur Conan Doyle . If you love Sherlock Holmes and mysteries and thrillers in general then read EVERYTHING done by these authors . Will Hollywood make a movie with this character ? I hope so . Hannibal Lector won and ate our hearts . But imagine Dr. Lector as a good guy and you will begin to get the picture . Please send fan mail and money to me as soon as possible if you enjoyed this review .
 Preston and Childs have ended this trilogy with a great high adventure read . Agent Pendergast is a most intriguing central character as are the supporting cast members . The ending leaves one to believe that there could be yet another novel ... ???? Keep 'em coming !
 This last book in the trilogy is spellbinding . I found it helpful to have read the two prior books , but it is not a prerequisite to follow the plot . Douglas Preston and Lincoln Childs weave a fascinating plot that keeps the reader on edge throughout . A definite page turner .
 I have read all the Pendergast books that are out love every one . This was a second read for me of the series still great second time around .
 i love the pendergrst series . enjoyed it to the fullest . excellent book ca n't wait to read the next in the series
 Non-stop excitement ! It was really hard to put this book down . Even though the character , Pendergast is a bit non-believable for all the injuries he can with stand , I still found the story entertaining .
 I felt the first half of this book was kind of stagnant but as it progressed I realize the action was going to be at the end . It was a great read ! All of the Prendergast books are ! You could read it alone but I would recommend reading Brimstone and Dance of Death first .
 I am never disappointed in their work ! The story is excellent , the writing superb , and I can not tell you how many , many late nights I have stayed up reading this and all their other books . There is so much detail , and Pendergast is fascinating and a hoot to boot ! I am , as if you ca n't tell , a HUGE fan . Thanks , and keep ` um coming ! ...
 Child and Preston have delivered another thriller ride with movie success written all over it . The Book of the Dead was a page turner from the opening . As an editor I insist on justice being rendered to every word , but the tempo of this novel had me flying through page after page . I also must disagree that this can be a standalone novel . For the most enjoyment , all the Pendergast books need to be read in order . This from a logical analytical mind point of view . So start with Relic and read them all . Watch SA Pendergast grow . You wo n't be disappointed.Previous reviews have elaborated about the content , so I wo n't . Suffice it to say , Aloysius Pendergast is n't your normal hero . Although this has been billed as the last of a trilogy -- because of the denouement between protagonist and antagonist -- there is still much more to tell . And so much more can be expanded on with the other characters . I hope our authors do this .
 Diabolical Diogenes outdoes himself . The book reveals the abysmal depth of his madness and despair . I would have liked to see more direct reference to Special Agent Pendergast , as I so enjoyed him in the authors ' other books . Here , he is peripheral to the real drama of the story and did not appear much , and one has to really draw on memory of prior books to connect with the character . Nonetheless , it is a page turner that practically reads itself , I easily finished it in one day . On par with Brimstone and Dance of Death , but falls just a little short of Relic , which I think is the author 's best thus far .
 I was alittle afraid that the theme was over used as good and evil -LRB- Aloysius vs. Diogenes -RRB- went head to head again , but true to form Preston and Child provide readers with an excellent story . This could be their best effort yet . A must read !!!!
 Never having read anything from these authors , I was initially lost in the first few chapters as I was trying to figure out the cast of characters . As the book was building to a climax I could n't put it down . It definitely kept my interest and I finished over half the book in one night . The suspense kept me going ... . The serial killer 's past , present and future made for one interesting reading experience . I highly recommend this and I look forward to reading other novels by these authors .
 When these two authors collaborate , readers are in for a treat . This so-called trilogy of novels involving FBI agent Aloysius Pendergast ends -LRB- or does it ? -RRB- with this fast moving book . The loose ends that were left hanging in Brimstone and Dance of Death are purposefully tied up . Without giving away the plot , our protagonist , Agent Pendergast , has his final showdown with his evil brother , Diogenes , in a volcanic island near Sicily . Aloysius , however , is not the one who does his tormented brother in . It 's a surpirse plot twist that reverberates right through to the very end of the book and leaves things open for still another Pendergast-based novel . Run , do n't walk , to your library or book store and get a copy of this book for your summer reading . You 'll be glad you did !
 Another enjoyable romp with the cast of characters from `` The Cabinet of Curiosity '' Preston and Childs are paralleling the career of the worlds ' greatest detective and shuffling names a bit . Sherlocks ' brother Mycroft belonged to the Diogenes Club and his great adversary was thrown over the Falls . All of this gets worked into the Pendergast Saga in fun forms . Fans of Conan Doyle will be delighted , but those who ca n't see through the veil will be a bit confused . It is still a great read and promises future amusment as well . Once again the joy is in the details , the poetry , the wine , the locations , and the ambience of a glorious pair of literary lights at the top of their form .
 Just finished the book today and am still digesting everything that went on , as a lot gets answered while new questions are raised . I agree with the other reviewers that while this book can be read itself , it becomes much more enjoyable if you 've read at least Brimstone and Dance of Death , if not all of P/C 's books . I gave it four stars as opposed to five because it was not as good as the aforementioned novels , but it was a great read nonetheless . If you are a P/C fan you know you will have trouble putting this one down.Without spoiling anything , this time around the Event is revealed and sheds light on Aloysius and shows some of his flaws as an adolescent . There 's D'Agosta and the prison break , and its always good to see Eli Glinn and EES in action , if only briefly . The same goes for Smithback who gets less time here than in previous novels , as the focus is on Diogenes as well as Constance . We also are treated to a brief appearance of Special Agent Coffey . And of course there is the Tomb and the Museum and its ever rising body count.I must say the book ended entirely different from what I expected which is a credit to the authors for not doing the obvious . P/C have done it once again , and this one meets the high standard set by their previous work . I am already anticipating the next one . Highly recommended . Buy it now !
 I think this was the one that came a little damaged , though well packaged . Its fine , all things considered . It was a little slow , but in well before the allotted time . This will be well loved by the time it is retired .
 A fine read that concludes the Pendergast trilogy . This was my first read in the series but it made enough sense with the hints and backstory . By far the best part was the escape from a maximum prison facility . The ending and the fate of the villain was disappointing for a number of reasons -LRB- no spoilers -RRB- . There are a lot of sub tales taking place and most of them revolve around the NY museum but that 's okay , especially if you like Egyptian History and all its mysteries . Pendergast is a compelling character and probably the main one in the series but he seems to have equal screen time compared to some of the other main characters . WHEN READ
 The Book of the Dead is worthy being the finale and conclusion of the Diogenes trilogy ! It carried over the excitement from the previous Dance of Death and builds up to an mouth-watering conclusion . Maybe the only negative part was how the final fight comes about , but that is a minor glitch . Overall a wonderful read , and I finished it in one day !!!
 Hey , here 's a shocker for everyone complaining about this book
 Preston and Childs deliver another good story . Agent Pendergrast continues to be unique and mysterious . His brother , calculating and but not infalible character was almost too much . But the ending was surprizing and cracks open the door for another good story .
 Great book , but I wish I had known it was part of a series , I hate to pick up in the middle .
 An excellent sequel to Dance of Death . A final romp with Special Agent Pendergast and his odd brother . Preston and Child , -LRB- and D'Agosta / Pendergast -RRB- fans should enjoy this finale .
 Being a fan of the first two books in this series , the third and newest had quite a bit to live up to . Well , the authors have succeeded in leaving me nearly breathless . This is a must-read for anyone who enjoys a great story .
 Another hit by Preston and Child . I ca n't wait for the next installment of the adventures of Special Agent Pendergast .
 I 've been hooked on Preston/Child books since Relic . I 've read all of them and own most of them in hardback . The day I get a new Preston/Child book I HAVE to read it ! Nothing else gets done until I have finished the book . It 's a real problem if it 's a weeknight ... ;--RRB- This book , as with their other prior publications , does not fail to satisfy and leave you wanting more ... POSSIBLE SPOILER ALERT ... I know this is supposed to be the end of the trilogy between Aloysious and Diogenes but is it really ? What about Constance being pregnant ? Will her baby have her unique genetics as well as the father 's pschotic bent ? Sure seems like an opening to a new plotline to me ... -LRB- Hope hope ... -RRB-
 Once again Douglas Preston and Lincoln Child have presented us with a wonderfully woven work of excitement and edge-of-your-seat entertainment . The characters have become so familiar that any book without them leaves the reader missing Pendergast , Vinnie , Bill and the rest of the crew . Do n't miss this wonderful addition to the rest of the Pendergast books and know as always , they leave you wanting more and more !!!
 as usual , just what I have come to expect from these authors . Pendergast is a most interesting and intriguing character and I ca n't wait for the next book .
 I 'm addicted to these two authors . Another fast , fun read . I love the museum setting , with some science and history thrown in .
 Preston does n't disappoint . Entertaining . Love it . I would highly recommend it if you enjoy intrigue , action and mystery . A fabulous book .
 The Book of the Dead was a bit confusing at first . At several points I considered dumping the book but could n't quite do so . I am glad I kept with the book . The story was complicated with several main character story lines but they came together nicely . From a book I considered abandoning to a series I 've added to my Wish List . I consider that a 4 star rating .
 Well written and entertaining but the crime itself was a bit disappointing . Glad Diogenes got his comeuppance in the end .
 How can you fail if you have Pendergast as your hero ? He is always on top of things and the stories are always &#34; ca n't put down . &#34;
 I have read all the Pendergast books . I have them on my kindle . Child & Preston are great authors . I am always waiting for the next book .
 I do n't normally read mysteries , but this book caught my attention and held it . I thought the author jumped around a lot , and it took a little time to get used to this style of writing , overall a good read .
 I love books on Mummy 's . This book is as good as Third Gate and Terminal Freeze of which I have read both in a matter of days . Ice Limit is being read now .
 I dont know what to say I love all of douglas preston and lincoln childs books , togeather or written apart . I will not go on about the book as not to spoil it . just try one of them and you will be hookpeace out .
 AS I SAID BEFORE , ANYONE READING THIS REVIEW HAS GOT TO GET THE AUDIO VERSION OF THE PRESTON AND CHILD MYSTERIES . THE BOOK OF THE DEAD IS AWESOME TOO . I KNOW I SOUND LIKE A COMMERCIAL , BUT THEY ARE GREAT ! YOU WILL BE AS HOOKED AS I AM TO YOUR AMAZON PURCHASES . THEY ARE ALL AMAZON VERIFIED PURCHASES .
 Another great read and thrilling conclusion to the trilogy . This set of books is nestled within a series containing Special Agent Pendergast . For greatest enjoyment , I recommend reading at least these three books in order
 This is a well written and very exciting book that I would recommend to anyone who has an interest in Ancient Egypt and Suspense .
 Yet another great Special Agent Pendergast thriller . Preston/Child have created one of the oddest and most entertaining heroes in the mystery genre . Looking forward to many more stories .
 This book starts off slow till about the middle and then steamrolls to the end . Fans that read the prior books will not be disappointed . Newcomers to the series should read at least the prior book -LRB- Game of Death -RRB- to get a full appreciation of this work.Eli Glinn from The Ice Limit , plays a prominent part in the book as well as Constance -LRB- Pendergast 's ward -RRB- . We finally learn what caused Diogennes to become the evil opposite of Pendergast . Once again the NY Museum of Natural History is the focal point of the story , with its assortment of employee murders , which makes one wonder why anyone would be brave enough to work there?The book does have an interesting twist at the end which suggests that the authors will be planning more Pendergast tales .
 I have read all of their books . I strongly recommend that you read the earlier books in the Pendergast trilogy.Having said that I am more than ready for something different . I feel like we have fallen into a rut where we have another big opening at the museum , another bunch of dead city celebs , and another master crime . It seems we have done this a couple of times now.The blood feud between the brothers comes to a conclusion . -LRB- Great can we get back to monsters like THE RELIC ? -RRB- I do n't regret reading this book . It is well written , and many questions are answered .
 Brilliant , scary page turner . Let your imagination go wild reading this excellent thriller . Preston & Child have created another entertaining novel . I 'm sorry we 'll have to wait for another Agent Prendergast novel .
 THE BOOK OF THE DEAD brings the trilogy of Aloysius Pendergast and his demonic brother , Diogenes , to a startling conclusion . As in the previous novels , Child and Preston serve up a humdinger of a plot , fraught with gory murders , supernatural undertones and breakneck action and suspense . The characters continue to be richly drawn , with some surprise twists and a frightening sequence in the museum 's new Egyptian display . You 'd be more involved if you 've read the two novels leading up to this one , but you can still enjoy the book nonetheless.One of the strongest features of a Preston/Child book is its cinematic quality . You can just see this book on the big screen . The horrible secret of the two brothers ' youth is finally revealed and it gives some kind of motivation for both brothers ' life choices . More is given too on the enigmatic Constance Greene . Nora Kelly , Bill Smithback , Vincent D'agosta , Margo Green , Hugo Menzies -- they 're all back and I only hope we get more Pendergast stories in the future . A great read folks !
 Preston and Child have done it again . They have created a suspence novel TOGETHER that keeps the reader on his toes . There are about four stories going on at once , but they all conclude at the end of the novel . My question though , has to do with the last two words of the novel . What will they do now ?
 Jyst what you expect from a Preston & Child book . Packed with action and surprises at every turn . I ca n't wait to read the next book .
 Book arrived in good condition . Preston and Child just do not disappoint . Diogenes trilogy thriller that can stand on its own . You wo n't want to put it down . Print not too small to tire the eyes for long reads . Ship time just barely acceptable .
 I picked this book up on a whim . I read the back cover and thought , `` hmm , seems interesting . '' When I got home and began reading it , I was hooked from Chapter 1 . This was the first book by Preston and Child that I have ever read . It launched me on my path of addiction to the Pendergast series . I backtracked and read the previous novels starring Agent Pendergast and then went on to read all the others . Preston and Child are a truly great combination . I highly recommend their books , especially the ones featuring Agent Pendergast .
 The Pendergast series is one of the most entertaining I 've read in years . Preston and Child make a good team . There story thread follows through without confusion .
 As usual you ca n't put the book down and you 're always surprised.The charactersare great and the suspense is incredible . I ca n't imagine what it must belike living with either author or how two people could have such talentedand unusual ideas .
 Whenever I sit down and get started on a Preston and Child novel , I have some basic expectations
 I feel like all my reviews for the Pendergast series are starting to sound the same , I 'm gushing as if in love about how fantastic the books are but its still true , this story is phenomenal and it makes you want to read another and another , this could easily have thirty volumes and I would still want to read them all , as usual this book reads smooth as silk while the action cuts like a knife.The Book of The Dead is the standard great stuff that one would expect from the insightful and intelligent duo , their stories breathe a life of their own and to me they feel different than other novels . Our world is filled with books , one can find them everywhere but whenever I read a Pendergast novel I feel as if I was holding something of heft and value , there is knowledge in these pages ; ancient cultures , science , architecture , folklore and mysticism , curses , artifacts and it all sounds real enough to touch and some of it is but I especially adore all the breathtaking characters both good and bad and some in-between , in my opinion they are invaluable to the books . I guess they speak to me , true love haha ... Pendergast lives in my mind beyond the pages of the book , that 's how great he is.The third in the Diogenes Pendergast trilogy and seventh in the Aloysius Pendergast series -LRB- I highly recommend starting with Relic , Pendergast # 1 -RRB- story continues on the wild hunt to catch and expose the elusive Diogenes who is conveniently presumed to be dead by everyone but the small circle of our heroes . The Queen of Narnia , The Heart of Eternity , The Indigo Ghost , Ultima Thule , The Fourth of July , The Zanzibar Green and of course Lucifer 's Heart , all precious diamonds that were stole in the last installment are destroyed by Diogenes and arrive pulverized into a rainbow colored snow to the museum as a final act of madness and show of power . The previous book was simply fantastic and it exposed Diogenes ' identity but only to the reader , the entire museum still has no idea that not only is Diogenes alive but his secret identity is walking right under their noses . To make matters worse , Aloysius Pendergast is in a top security prison and everyone that has always been jealous of him is gunning for the guy to go down , he deals with that brilliantly , boy that was fun ! Even though Aloysius is locked up he is the only one who can match up against his evil and twisted genius of a brother , their journey takes them half way through the globe and back.My personal favorite part of the tale was the prison sequence , well pretty much all of it , I do n't want to spoil anything but what happens to Pendergast in the prison is nuts . I read all the parts while holding my breath , some I had to re-read because they were simply too good to only read once . Ingenious and stunning , no deus-ex machina way out of this puppy ! Lots of stuff happens , there is also the museum exhibit with a tomb that appears to be cursed , madness and mayhem breaks out as usual , lovers of museum thrillers will have a ball with the Tomb of Senef and those who love Pendergast will gobble up everything he does and says . I was finally impressed with Constance , I never really gave her much thought before but through this book she became another strong contender for future stories and my dear Vincent D'Agosta , he was wonderful as was Laura Hayward . For some reason Laura Linney -LRB- the actress -RRB- kept popping into my head when Hayward 's scenes came up , she was something , the woman can hold her own.This was such a tremendous journey with the two brothers that I 'm not sad to see it over because I 'm really looking forward to the next chapter , the next book sounds quite potent and meaty and I might need a bit of a break to let my brain prepare for another greatness of Preston and Child . I do n't read them back to back on purpose as much as I really want to , after all it 's not good to eat dessert three times a day , same with books , I save the good stuff to be savored when I 'm really in the mood for greatness . - Kasia S.
 Became interested in Ancient Egypt as I was researching info . for my 6th grade sp . needs student . While I was trying to find more books at their level , came across this one on Amazon and ordered it . It was worth every penny . It brought all those `` difficult '' names into my reality as if they were current . The intrique of the story and the facts so amazing that it was a challenge not to put the book down when I needed to do so . It also seems that even if I had n't become interested in Ancient Egypt , this would still have been a book difficult to put down . It does take place in NY during the present .
 I 've just finished the BOTD 5 minutes ago so it 's quite fresh in my mind.A very good typical book from Preston and Child . Spoilers ahead.Why are they good ? They are good because they are very good at providing a chilling and scary backdrop . Their stories are scary , period . It kept me up til 5am last night until my eyelids could no longer keep up against gravity . It 's just like a good horror movie , only in book form . The museum is a great setting for them , so they keep going back to it as you ca n't ask for anything better . I used to close up buildings for a living at night , if Preston Child had been around then , I do n't know if I 'd have kept my job.Alright , so why does n't it get a 5 star rating ? Problem are the Pendergast brothers , especially Diogenes . I think the trilogy is a mistake because you always know who or what the adversary is
 Terrific book ! I listened to it traveling back and forth from work . Read by Scott Brick , who does NOT know medical terminology . Scott , please research with someone who understands medical words how to pronounce `` brachial '' .
 I discovered Preston and Child not too long ago , and I am now in love ! The Pendergast series has been my favorite ... I could n't put this last book down . Pendergast is like a modern day Sherlock . Kept me engrossed from the very beginning , the short chapters gave it a fast move , which I always love . Just wanted to keep turning those pages . Enjoyed the detailed descriptions of the characters and surroundings , colorful visuals ... as good as watching a movie .
 I have to confess I prefer Preston & Child 's stand-alone novels to their Pendergast series , which leaves me going against the popular grain , ha ha . Having said that , The Book Of The Dead is a great thriller . I really enjoyed the evil brother , his evil plot , and his evil techno tricks . Other characters like Smithback and Nora Kelly are also very engaging . The Egyptian background is fascinating.As for Agent Pendergast himself , I 'm still not sure why I have n't warmed to this guy . It might be because he 's so stiff . I understand this is supposed to be his appeal , that he 's a super genius , but I just do n't feel any connection to him . Fortunately , the rest of the story more than carried the day.Four and a half stars .
 This was the book that introduced me to Preston & Child and most importantly Aloyisius Pendergast !! I 've been hooked ever since !!
 This author is terrific . I can hardly wait to purchase more of these novels . The details are amazing and the storyline is mesmerizing .
 I am a great fan of Douglas Preston & Lincoln Child , especially the Agent Pendergast books . This book is a great ending to the feud between the two brothers . A must read for anyone with siblings !
 I 'm rating this book a 5 star book , however , it 's not as good as the last one I read , `` Dance of '' . I do think the book is great ... but I do know that Preston and Child have written better . You wo n't regret reading this book though and I highly recommend it . It will reveal some secrets that have left us hanging about Pentergast and his evil brothers past .
 A could n't wait to read this third in a series book about Pendergast and his brother . It is action packed and I could n't put it down till I finished . Preston and Childs are great with keeping you on edge and this does it perfectly . A must read .
 Lincold Child and Douglas Preston have hit another home run with Book of the Dead . They hooked me with Relic back in the 90 's , and I 've been an avid reader of all their works ever since . Year after year , they continue to produce compelling stories that are crafted so well that each new book is almost impossible to put down . The dishes remain dirty in the sink . The dog gets ignored . The mail piles up in the mailbox until the last page is finally read.Book of the Dead is no exception . Every chapter builds on the suspense and tension of the previous one until things are flying along and you 're desperate to read the next page . There are surprising revelations , great twists and a couple of real surprises along the way.Preston & Child are two of the best storytellers writing today . Do not miss out on the ride they offer every time you open one of their books.John R. Bruning
 So I have to be honest , the beginning was very confusing to me . Perhaps it is because this was the first book I read out of the series . Nevertheless , after the initial shock of numerous characters and scenes , I fought the urge to continue reading and I 'm so glad that I did . This book is a master piece ! It is jam packed and full of excitement , adventure , and knowledge . My only disappointment was the ending but as a writer myself , I understand that everyone ca n't be pleased . Overall , it is a great novel indeed .
 For fans of the Pendergast books by Preston and Child , this is a must read . It wraps up the unofficial `` Diogenes Trilogy '' begun in `` Brimstone '' . The story climaxes on a cliff by the sea and takes Constance , Pendergast 's ward , to a whole new level . While it can be read as a stand alone novel , you should really read `` Dance of Death '' first . Its a great summer read with intricate escapes , international flight , games of `` cat and mouse '' and a look into Diogenes ' lair , as well as Pendergast 's psyche . Its not `` War and Peace '' , but it will keep you frantically turning the pages while sitting on that beach !
 Douglas Preston and Lincoln Child are masters of suspense ! Great book - hard to put down ! I love Agent Pendergast !
 Once again the team have written a book that one can not putdown , that is until you get to page 183 , pages 183 to 214 are missing , replaced by pages 311-342 , there is no sign of the missing pages anywhere in the book , did I get the one in a million book ,
 I fell in love with this 2 guys -LRB- as writers -RRB- when they wrote Relic.Since then I could n't wait for another book to come out.Agent Pendergast got me hook so bad.Idea and skill and touch is 3thing I see when I read fiction.I know for sure Preston-Child got this 3 thing beautifuly .
 I have never ordered this book so I do n't know why you are asking me to review it !
 FBI Special Agent Aloysius Pendergast has been imprisoned for murder . One very large problem . He 's innocent.Determined to exact revenge on his brother for a mysterious `` Event '' from their childhood , Diogenes Pendergast is about to commit the perfect crime . He has waited decades to strike at his brother , and now is the time.NYPD Lt. Vincent D'Agosta knows Agent Pendergast must get out of prison . With a small , highly specialized team , he plans to spring his friend from one of the most secure federal penitentiaries in the country . Who needs a career in law enforcement , anyway?NYPD Captain Laura Hayward has made the biggest mistake of her career . She did n't believe D'Agosta 's claims that Pendergast was innocent , and now that she does , it 's too late . Maybe.Nora Kelly , a curator at the New York Museum of Natural History , is assigned to orchestrate the biggest event in recent history . After a diamond their returned the museum 's precious collection in the form of dust , she has a monumental job ahead . She just hopes there 's nothing to the rumored curse associated with the Egyptian tomb she 's about to open.The Book of the Dead is a thriller laced with the range of human experience . Each character must find the strength to survive the most terrifying events of their lives.Preston and Child continue their Pendergast `` series '' with this no-holds-barred accounting between genius brothers , one utterly evil , the other tormented by the need to protect humanity from his sibling . The writing is fast-paced and breathtaking . Readers will cringe even as they press on for more.This novel receives 4-Books for spine tingling reading . -LRB- 5-Stars on Amazon -RRB- Some readers may find certain plot points and/or the `` how '' of things a stretch , but the willing suspension of disbelief will be enough for most fans . To give more detail would mean spoiling some of the mystery . If readers would like to discuss the spoilers , feel free to visit the WUAT blog.Reviewed by Christina Wantz Fixemer6/16/06
 THE BOOK OF THE DEAD is the climactic conclusion to what is loosely referred to as the Pendergast Trilogy . As such , you would expect to have to have read the previous two works in order to have any idea of what is going on . No doubt much more could be gleaned from the novel if you are an avid follower , but it can also be said that Douglas Preston and Lincoln Child succeed in providing a book that does not completely leave first-time readers in the dark . From the get go , they weave in story elements and background enough to give you some idea of what it is that has gone before . As a stand-alone piece , THE BOOK OF THE DEAD is still a heck of a thrilling ride.The New York Museum of Natural History is the backdrop for the tale , and in page one things already begin to go incredibly wrong . A delivery arrives via bike messenger . Tattered and leaking a mysterious powder , the Museum is shut down in a post-9 / 11 potential bio-terror panic scenario . The powder in question , however , is not nearly so dangerous , yet it is extremely troublesome . Previously , the Museum 's diamond collection had been stolen , and the dust delivered in the box is the remains of that priceless exhibit . Now the question is who would steal something so valuable only to destroy it ? And how can the Museum deflect the media scrutiny to come?The answer to the second question is simple
 Serial killer FBI special agent Aloysius Pendergast is serving time in solitary confinement in upstate New York 's Herkmoor Federal Correctional Facility , a maximum security prison that no one has ever escaped from . At the same time that the disgraced Fed assumes his adversarial brother Diogenes set him up , the New York Museum of Natural History is trapped in scandal , embarrassment and fabrication . The museum has been exposed by the media concealing that dust is what has become of the priceless diamond collection stolen by them during a less than ethical era and recently purloined by Diogenes.To distract the public , the museum hires archaeologist Nora Kelly and British Museum Egyptologist Dr. Adrian Wicherly to reconstruct the Tomb of Senef from artifacts in their basement . The plan is to dazzle wealthy patrons and the press especially her spouse a New York Times reporter , who broke the diamond story . Adrian realizes that the tomb 's hieroglyphics include a curse of insanity on whoever besmirches it , which happens as workers and visitors become crazed murderers . FBI agent Vinnie D'Agosta frees his peer Aloysius from prison while Diogenes stands trial for murder.Though THE BOOK OF THE DEAD is exciting and can stand alone , newcomers should first read the previous Special Agent Pendergast thrillers -LRB- see DANCE OF DEATH and BRIMSTONE -RRB- because this tale ties up the dangling participles from the previous novels . The story line is action-packed with supernatural overtones and homage to Holmes and Moriarty gripping readers from start to finish as Douglas J. Preston and Lincoln Child deliver a terrific thriller that never takes a breather . No one combines a cerebral -LRB- think Holmes -RRB- mystery with non-stop adventure -LRB- this team wrote RELIC -RRB- than this pair as they prove this once again .
 I 've just finished the BOTD 5 minutes ago so it 's quite fresh in my mind.A very good typical book from Preston and Child . Spoilers ahead.Why are they good ? They are good because they are very good at providing a chilling and scary backdrop . Their stories are scary , period . It kept me up til 5am last night until my eyelids could no longer keep up against gravity . It 's just like a good horror movie , only in book form . The museum is a great setting for them , so they keep going back to it as you ca n't ask for anything better . I used to close up buildings for a living at night , if Preston Child had been around then , I do n't know if I 'd have kept my job.Alright , so why does n't it get a 5 star rating ? Problem are the Pendergast brothers , especially Diogenes . I think the trilogy is a mistake because you always know who or what the adversary is
 This is the sixth novel in Preston and Child 's ongoing series of books about Special Agent Pendergast and the third in an informal trilogy focusing on his brother Diogenes . All the old characters are here -- Nora Kelley , Smithback , D'Agosta , Constance Greene , etc. , but the spotlight is really on the two brothers . You may think your family has problems , but they 're nothing compared to the family relationships and rivalries of the Pendergast family . In this novel , Special Agent Aloysius Prendergast and his younger brother finally reach endgame in their long , convoluted struggle.As usual the , much of the action takes place in the Museum of Natural History , which -- also as usual -- is mounting another spectacular but ill-fated exhibit . In order to counteract bad publicity over the theft -LRB- and unexpected return -RRB- of its diamond collection , the new museum director decides to reopen a long-forgotten exhibit buried in the Museum 's subbasement . The refurbishment of this exhibit , an authentic Egyptian tomb , is the background against which much of the action plays out . Needless to say , the lavish opening is a disaster . Meanwhile , Special Agent Pendergast is in jail , having been framed for murder by his brother Diogenes in `` The Dance of Death . '' His escape from a maximum security prison forms another major thread in the narrative.Against this background , Preston and Child paint their usual story of thrills , chills , and over-the-top mayhem . These guys really know how to write a good yarn Those who have read their other books will probably notice a certain amount of formula -LRB- they seem to have a thing for underground settings and mass stampedes -RRB- , but the authors manage to reinvigorate it each time around . `` The Book of the Dead '' is written with intelligence , wit , and enough plot twists to kink any rope . On top of all this , we get to see more of peculiarities of Pendergast 's family and what makes the agent tick , including `` The Event '' that started Diogenes on his path . This is one of those books that , once you 've started , is difficult to put down . Loose ends get tied up , but the authors leave more than enough in play for future go-rounds . A word of caution
 I must admit that it was a bit slow to start after the exciting finish of the last book , but it became just as nerve-wracking once the story started moving . Not to mention that this one had yet another cliffhanger of an ending ! I thought that it would all be over after this one , but though this is a trilogy within the series , it seems that the next book will pick up right where this one abruptly leaves off . I really ended up liking Diogenes ' character ... I do wonder where this series will go !
 There are positive and negative aspects of this book.Overall this is an interesting book that will entertain you . Most of the characters are well developed with the exception of Agent Pendergast and his protegee . If you have read the two previous book of the trilogy -LRB- Brimstone and Dance of Death -RRB- maybe that would not be true.However here is the biggest problem of the book . There is no indication that this is a part of a trilogy . I bought this book at the airport before a flight and only after reading the whole book there was an afternote by the authors saying that the book stands alone but it would be better if you read the other two books first . There should be an indication on the front cover about that.The book `` throws '' you in the middle of a situation which is enjoyable - I am certain , though , that it would be for more enjoyable if I had read the other two books first . I will not read them now as I know the ending of the story and know the development of the two main characters -LRB- Pendergast brothers -RRB- and why Diogenes acts the why he does -LRB- I will not elaborate as not to spoil the book for the future reader -RRB- .
 I thoroughly enjoyed the end of this trilogy and hope the authors continue to write about this cast of characters . I feel like I know them all . I 've read and enjoyed other works by Preston and Child , both writing together and individually , and am amazed how much they seem to think as one . Agent Pendergast could become the modern Sherlock Holmes .
 I 've read every Pendergast book , and Still Life with Crows is by far my favorite . So I tend to measure each book by Still Life . This book , while a lot better than the previous Dance of Death , still does n't eclipse Still Life . However , it 's good for what it is
 Another top-notch page-turner from Preston and Child . You 'll want to have read at least Dance of Death before reading this one , and you should really have read Cabinet of Curiosities and Brimstone as well . If you 've read and enjoyed any of the novels featuring Pendergast , this is a must read , you wo n't be disappointed .
 In Book of the Dead , you have everything you 'd expect from these two brilliant authors , a solid , fluid story , great writing and some wonderful twists and turns that will keep you riveted.You 'll be tempted to rush through the book and get to the end but if you do , you miss the beautiful play of words , their bold attempt to paint the horror and suspense in the more terrifying scenes.The only complaint I have concerns the board members of the New York Museum of Natural History . You 'd think they learn from experience . They are a bunch of imbecilic , dull-witted morons who are drunk with social and political ambitions , at the cost of other people 's lives . It almost seems unbelievable that they would make the same mistakes again and again.This is , in my opinion , the best installment of the Pendergast Novels . I 'm unsure if it can be treated as a stand-alone but I must say that it is , compared to the earlier books , peerless . The storyline is complex , much like a chess game between two masters who are almost equally matched in their gifts . There is a surprise ending and one I did n't see coming.I ca n't wait for the next one .
 Preston and Child or is it Child and Preston ? Have done it again . A very satisfying read . Answers a lot of questions and I 'm happy to say , still leaves questions . This series is by no means dead . Cant wait for their next books ! Oh , and do read other things besides just the Pendergast books , they are awesome writers together or apart .
 Reading the first few pages of The Boook of the Dead was like slipping on a pair of comfortable old shoes . It was as if no time at all had passed since last year 's Dance of Death , to which this is the third in a trilogy that began with Brimstone . Despite what Harriet Klausner says , this book is not to be read as a stand-alone , a fact to which Preston and Child allude about as strongly as their publisher would allow -LRB- so as not to negatively impact sales -RRB- in their closing comments.By the end of the book the authors have , as expected , tied up all the loose ends -LRB- well , they did leave one or two dangling , pun intended -RRB- with Pendergast , Vinnie and Laura , Smithback and Nora , Margo , Menzies , and of course , Diogenes . Like all their books , the pacing is fast , the writing crisp and easy , and as usual the book is difficult to put down . I read it in two days while on vacation at the beach.I laughed out loud with pleasure at the end of chapter 3 when the identity of the suspected biohazard delivered to the museum in chapter 1 was revealed . There is a lot to enjoy here . But as this was the final book in the Pendergast-Diogenes trilogy , some of the suspense was lost as the final outcome was more or less pre-ordained . Thus only 4 stars not 5 . Nevertheless , Diogenes still managed to come up with his share of perfidious and insanely clever evil deeds.A must read for all Preston-Child fans , but not the one to start with .
 So the Pendergast vs Diogenes saga comes to a close , as all good things must . And with that said and done , I have to say that either my expectations were way too high or the last two books just were n't as good as I 'd hoped them to be!The cast of Book of Dead is large , almost everyone who was in Dance of Death . Sometimes the direction of the story gets lost in jumping around from character to character . And the pace is n't as breakneck as Dance of Death or even Brimstone . The book has a lot of potential and some great scenes but at times it was just plodding along , not really going anywhere , telling some interesting side-stories , but not really doing anything . It felt a lot like material we 'd tread before
 Another weekend trashed thanks to the addictive storytelling of the Preston/Childs team . Like all of the Pendergast novels , `` The Book of the Dead '' is pretty much impossible to put down , showing again that an assignment at the New York Museum of Natural History may be the most dangerous job this side of Baghdad . `` Dead '' neatly wraps up the trilogy preceded by `` Brimstone '' and `` Dance of the Dead '' , tying up the loose ends and flying through cliffhanger after -LRB- literal -RRB- cliffhanger . The redoubtable Special Agent Pendergast spends the first few hundred pages cooling his heels in an upstate New York maximum-security federal prison , but that by no means diminishes the mystique of Preston/Child 's bizarrely original superhero . And Pendergast 's deliciously preposterous escape from prison is an entertainment masterpiece , making Tom Cruise 's `` impossible missions '' look like addition tables.The story
 I love the Pendergast books , and I have read them all . I still say the best was either Relic or Reliquary , then Dance of Death . This book and Brimestone probably come next and then Cabinet of Curiosities and finally still life with crows , which isnt bad at all . This was a great book , and it does a lot to explain Pendergast 's past , but I dont really like the climax -LRB- Which I cant say here because it is somewhat surprising . -RRB- It does end on a strange cliffhanger however and it was very enjoyable , featuring many of the same elements as Relic and Dance of Death . I deffinatly recomend reading this , but read the series in sequential order -LRB- Relic , Relquary , Cabinet , Still life , Brimestone , Dance , and then this -RRB- They are all good .
 Like all of the Preston/Child novels , The Book of the Dead moves at a lightening pace . Carried along by the plotting and the planning , the believable and not so believable events , a reader is left wondering will good -LRB- in the form of Aloysius Pendergast -RRB- overcome evil -LRB- in the form of his brother Diogenes -RRB- ? There are a number of twists and turns along the way . And a number of loose ends -LRB- from earlier novels -RRB- are tied together as well . While this novel can be read and enjoyed as a standalone , I think that for dedicated Pendergast fans -LRB- of whom I am one -RRB- , it is best read after ` Brimstone ' and ` The Dance of Death ' . FBI Special Agent Aloysius Pendergast has joined my select group of fictional heroes.Highly recommended.Jennifer Cameron-Smith
 Enjoyed this but was n't all that impressed with the story line . Oftentimes , I felt myself nodding off in sections . All said and done though , it was an enjoyable read . Guess I 'm just more partial to historical fiction .
 It 's an extension from Relic , so you should read that book 1st . Some slow portions and several characters were not well developed , but still a good read .
 The New York Museum of Natural History is awashed in controversy
 This book opens with a bow to current events
 The Book of the Dead is the third in a trilogy of books . I wish I had read the preceding two books in the series , in order to understand what was going on in this one . For example , there were references to a diamond heist at the start of The Book of the Dead , and Aloysius Pendergast is in jail for murders he did not commit.The book opens with the arrival at the Museum of Natural History in New York a mysterious package , filled with some kind of dust . It turns out that this dust is in fact the stolen diamonds , ground down into powder . Added on top of the mystery is a mysterious benefactor to the museum , who offers money to the museum if they open the Tomb of Senef , the tomb of a grand vizier that was closed and put into storage in the 1930s . The night of the opening is coordinated by Nora Kelly , assisted by an Egyptologist specially brought in for the event.The ancient Egyptians believed so strongly in curses that a simple message above the door to one of the tombs was a deterrent to potential robbers . Modern-day Americans , of course , do n't believe in those old curses ; but awfully strange things begin to occur . There are two ghastly , brutal murders , and two other characters seem posessed by demons.The story follows Pendergast 's escape from jail , as well as the story of his brother , who stole the jewels from the museum in the first place . The brothers are diametrically opposite ; Aloysius is the ex-FBI agent trying to prove that he did n't commit the murders , and his brother is working hard to prove that Aloysius is evil and guilty of some wrong . We of course know right from the very beginning who is the `` good guy , '' but the way the story plays itself is interesting to the extreme.The only flaw I can think of in this book is the character of Smithback , the journalist . Always on the lookout for a good story , he seems to figure out the clues to the mystery just a little too fast . But otherwise , this was a gripping book , one that I spent only two days reading because I thought it was so good .
 I am not one to write book reviews , typically , although I do a lot of reading . However , I felt strongly enough after reading this book that I figured I 'd give it a shot.To give you an idea of my experience with Preston/Child
 Another great book by two fine authors.What more can I say.I have every book these authors have written.They are all well worth reading.Mystery and adventure in a high tech and/or old world manor.You ca n't put the books down.Sincerly , Jack Barnes
 Once again , Preston and Child deliver the goods . This book , the last in the the Pendergast trilogy , takes the reader on one heck of a roller-coaster ride.There is no more guilty pleasure than reading a Preston-Child novel and this is one of their best.Action , adventure , mystery and Egyptian tombs ! What more can be said ? Have plenty of snacks on hand because this is a book you will not want to put down . Enjoy !
 I have to admit , this was better than the last one , and probably as good as the first one . This book was better written and easy to understand . The only criticism I have is the romance , especially between Margo Green and Smithback seems forced . I understand that it is not a romance novel , but why throw it in there if it is not going to be smooth and believable . Anyway , I do love the fact that everything is explained -LRB- although I am not sure I still understance WHAT Constance Green is ... really -RRB- , but the rest is . I now know why Diogenes hates Aloysius -LRB- although it is silly -RRB- and I am glad that D'Agosta and Lieutenant Hayward worked it out . Now that I am writing this review , there were a FEW things that I did n't like ... I really did n't understand why Diogenes picked on the poor curator for the magazine , and why no one suspected who he really was . However , I thought it clever the whole `` reopening '' of the exhibit to commit the ultimate crime . There were some good parts -LRB- Constance goes Rambo -RRB- and some not so great parts -LRB- Constance preggers -RRB- , but I am not sure if I would read another in the sequel . I would rather the images of Constance telling her fate ; Diogenes ' appearing to shall we say `` meet his fate '' ; a budding romance between Pendergast and Constance -LRB- although he mentions some foolishness about a monetary to get his thoughts together -RRB- ; and the rekindling of romance between Hayward and D'Agosta linger in my mind with old Eli Glinn and Pendergasts ' sidekick backing them all up . Hopefully this is it , but with the cliff hanger , who knows . Uh ... I thought I said one criticism , I guess it may have been more than one , but I enjoyed the novel . LOL
 The final chapter to the `` war '' between brothers , a page turner which does lead to somewhat of a anti climax . I expected a more elaborate ending after such a build up during the three novels . But nevertheless a good ending to the series .
 Very clever premiss , caused me to look into the actual `` Books of the Dead '' which are simplistic yet provided the entire faith system for an ancient culture that dominates the world today . The mystery was fun to read and there were a few nice twists but as in `` The DaVinci Code '' , the historical fiction far surpassed the story telling .
 Book of the Dead was definitely the best of the Pendergast-Diogenes trilogy . Preston and Child tied up the family epic perfectly . Somehow though I do not think we have heard the last of Diogenes . The storyline was artfully told and maintained the reader 's interest by being believable . Great pains were taken to make sure that `` everything fit '' and that the little things were as accurate as possible . The prison escape rivals the `` Shawshank Redemption '' or the `` Great Escape '' in cunning . Although I like and have visited many times The Museum of Natural History , I think that Preston and Child have just about exhausted that location for a storyline . Agent Pendergast is terrific but Lieutenant D'Agosta is my personal favorite and I hope he is developed more in future stories . Riptide and Thunderhead have shown that these two writers can expand there genre to new and exciting locations . All in all The Book Of The Dead is well worth the read , but , if this is your first book of this trilogy Lost might be your fate .
 I can not speak highly enough of this book . This was the best Pendergast novel I have ever read . It was exceptional . Everything was superb . The plot , the characters , the conflict ... You will love this book ! It will entertain you . It will scare you , it will unnerve you , it will sadden you .
 I found this book to be entertaining and fun , but at first difficult to get into . With two storylines that intertwine , the plot picks up near the middle of the book.Once you 're in , you ca n't put it down ! With new twists at every turn , this book will keep you guessing , right through the end .
 Great story , could n't put it down . I have read all of their works and the stories are all interesting . This one sticks to their tried and true formula to produce a quality story . Extremely entertaining .
 I enjoy all of the Preston/Childs books , but I especially love the ones featuring Special Agent Pendergast . This one is no exception . It has a cast of characters that work so well together . I highly recommend this to anyone looking for a great mystery book to keep them up at night .
 Once again . Preston & Child have created a thriller I just could not put down . The pace of their books keeps you on the edge of your seat . Their books are intelligent , thought-provoking and captivating . I ca n't wait until their next collaboration is ready to hit bookshelves .
 The Book of the DeadBy
 as a real Egygptology nerd I can say that this is a great book , really interesting , considering its fiction ... . I wouldnt rely on it as an educational tool , but its definitely great entertainment ...
 Two of my favorite authors writing one of my favorite series . This time around filling in a lot of blanks.An extraordinary story and one of the best I 've read this year . Addictive to the very end . Keep up the good work . I ca n't help but look forward to more novels with Agent Pendergast . Actually anything you guys write will be more than welcomed.Highly recommended .
 I want to start off by saying , the only reason i didnt give this book , or any other book I normally read , a 5 star rating ... is because I believe a 5 star rating should be reserved for those `` works of art '' that have been written . Some might say that would have to be poetry , others might say it has to be a classic tale that is a pure expression of fine grammar and intellectual genius ... what those books are ? I dont know ... and I probably never will , either.My point , is to state , that without stepping on the toes of those people out there with their nose in the air for works of less than historic truth , or cultural facts , i can say this book -LRB- along with the previous duo in the trilogy -RRB- was one of the most entertaining reads of my life . There was a lot more mystery to the characters than i would have hoped for -LRB- things like constance greene and some of the other people in the storyline -RRB- but considering Constance is somewhat of a main character , and the Cabinet Of Curiosities is supposedly the cure to the unknown about her , there really has been some exposure to her past and whatnot.But aside from the lack of background that i would have liked to learn more of , the books were great . Lots of twists in the plot , somewhat gorey and goulish , but also had some sex appeal in it . All-in-all , it was very entertaining , had lots of culture -LRB- whether it be fact , or fiction -RRB- and it kept you wanting more ... i spent all my free time working on finishing these books , and I must say , all in all , it was worth it . Somehow , i feel the door was blown open for another sequel to the story , yet i heard so much to contradict that theory before buying ... i heard this was closure ... no more anything ... kinda sad , seeing as how you can get attached to the characters ... but still , the fact that there could be another sequel , kind of upset me ... i dont like waiting , im not a patient person , and that kind of upset me a bit . But thats probably the only negative thing I can really say about the series , and even that . . is just a personal perception . Have fun reading , just make sure you buy the other 2 books ... Brimstone , and Dance Of Death , and read them first ... the book can stand alone , but the whole story is much more enlightening .
 The Pendergast novels have been very entertaining and this one is a very nice followup to the series . At the start , things look very grim . Lots of twisty plotline and details about art , technology , and science that intrigue the reader . Breathless pace at times . I could n't put this book down until it was done ! There was a satisfying conclusion as well , which the last book did n't really have . You will be entertained .
 Fantastic , fast paced reading from start to finish!All of our favorite Preston and Child characters are back and this book does not disappoint.Many things are going on all at once in this book , but the authors never confuse the reader or make you feel dizzy . I found myself reading well into the night , turning the pages faster and faster because I need to know what happened next.A great ` finish ' to the Pendergast trilogy
 After stumbling over a weak and silly plot in Brimstone , the authors recovered nicely in Dance of Death , and now has brought the trilogy home to an-almost flawless conclusion in Book of the Dead . From the moment Pendergast busted out of Herkmoor prison , this fantastic and horrifying tale held me enthralled . The book features wild action , the `` gotta-love-him '' journalist Smithback , interesting tidbits involving Egyptology , some laugh-out-loud scenes , and plenty of fun technical information -LRB- dynamite , anyone ? -RRB- . I could not put this book down and read it over two days -LRB- `` sorry , honey , the dishes are n't done and nothing 's cooking on the stove '' -RRB- . Note
 Although the pacing was a little slow in some parts , especially those dealing wtih Pendergast getting out of prison , all told I liked how the authors put this book together.Book of the Dead has all the usual elements in this series , fast action , interesting story and setting , and mostly likable characters . But what I liked most was that , for once , the ending was not too crazy or involving , as literary types sometimes say , deus ex machina . There were some things that were far-fetched , like Constance being able to track down Diogenes as well as she did , that were not adequately explained , but Ive come to expect that.Overall , I was satisfied with the story and enjoyed my time reading it . I was about ready to toss in the towel on this series after several ridiculous plot-twists in earlier books , but this one has brought me back to the fold . I look forward to reading more novels involving Agent Pendergast , one of the more intriguing characters in fiction .
 Preston and Child finish what they started two books ago in `` Brimstone '' and `` Dance of Death '' with `` The Book of the Dead '' . As in the previous novels , protagionist Aloysius Pendergast is faced with his greatest challenge which is found in the form of his younger brother Diongenes . Diongenes is bent upon revenge against his brother for perceived ills and abuse that were heaped upon him during his childhood . These `` abuses '' are finally brought to the surface in `` the Book of the Dead '' . All of the familiar characters from the earlier books -LRB- Nora Kelly , William Smithback , Margo Green , and of course , Lt. Vincent D'Agosta -RRB- are all present and play important roles in this novel . The setting is once again the -LRB- beleaguered -RRB- Museum of Natural History in New York . -LRB- site of many P & C novels , by the way -RRB- A long forgotten Egyptian exhibit is reopened thanks to the generous donation of little-known benefactor . Nora Kelly is put in charge of the reopening of the exhibit which is designed to restore some of the luster lost by the Museum because of the numerous tragedies that had occured there in earlier P & C books . Diogenes , of course , is behind all of this and tries to use the exhibit and its publicity as the means to `` repay '' his brother so that all of the world can see . Pendergast must first find some way to escape from a Federal Penetentiary before he can stop his brother . The last half of the book highlights this battle between brothers.P & C do their usual great job establishing the plot and quickly moving it forward . Their books always hit the ground running from page 1 . While it takes a little longer to gain momentum than some earlier Pendergast novels , `` The Book of the Dead '' is a satisfying read that will appeal to all P & C fans . And , as is the case with many of the Pendergast novels , the last few pages leave a number of unanswered questions and quite a few open doors for new stories.I do agree with some of the earlier reviewers who stated that readers interested in this trilogy should definitely read them in order . There are just enough character development items and important plot details that one would not pick up on if he or she did n't read the books in progression.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
 I really enjoy the way these guys write . It 's intelligent and engaging . However , this installment seems to try to tie up too many loose ends . The first 10-15 chapters all start with a different character . Would have liked it to stay on a few of the plot-lines longer . The parts about the jail-break and ending held together very well . I 'm hopeful the Pendergast brother battle is now laid to rest so they can now do some more Aloysious books that focus on supernatural crime , detective work , etc. . All in all , a great read -LRB- but not as good as `` Cabinet of Curiosities '' or `` Still Life With Crows '' -RRB- .
 Ever since I finished `` Dance of Death , '' I have been waiting for this book to come out so I could find out Agent Pendergast 's fate and hopefully learn the answers to so many of the questions that book brought up . With `` Book of the Dead , '' Douglas Preston and Lincoln Child do not fail to answer all of these questions , but also to provide one of the best fiction books I 've read.I was introduced to Douglas Preston and Lincoln Child with `` Relic , '' which is the first book in their informal `` museum murders '' series and the introduction to Special Agent Aloysius Pendergast , who `` Book of the Dead '' focuses on . If you 're considering buying this book , you should at the very least have read the prequel , `` Dance of Death . '' Without it , you will really be lacking most of the background knowledge necessary to enjoy this book . These two books are more of a single story split into two , and I do n't see how anyone can read this as a standalone . If you really want to get to know the many characters featured here , below is the following order you should read their books in : `` Relic '' `` Reliquary '' `` Cabinet of Curiosities '' `` Still Life with Crows '' `` Thunderhead '' `` Brimstone '' `` Dance of Death `` I will have to say that `` Book '' was not as exciting as `` Dance , '' despite being the climax to the Pendergast Trilogy . Part of the reason for that I think is because Diogenes Pendergast is given a lot more exposure and is shown of as more of a flawed character than he was in `` Dance , '' which takes a lot of the mystery out of it . Preston and Child do divulge the incident that caused Diogenes to hate his brother so much , which I found fairly interesting but think they could have come up with a better excuse . Margo Green has only a few pages devoted to her , and the relationship between D'Agosta and Heyward takes a backseat . The book strays somewhat from previous novels , which focused on describing a different character each chapter . This would become very frustrating as one chapter would end and the reader would have to wait 50 pages to pickup with that character again . This book just flows more easily and keeps your interest regardless of who the chapter is about . The main focus of the book is on the Pendergasts , Constance , and Nora Kelly . Agent Pendergast 's prison break was ingenious and just put me more in awe of his character.In summary , Preston and Child have done an excellent job creating a thrilling suspense tale , as well as tying up so many loose ends from previous novels and answering many questions the readers have . I think could have had a slightly better climax , but overall I 'm satisfied with it and just hope they keep collaborating and producing more stories around these people .
 The Book of the Dead was a good book , it was slow up until about the middle . . then it became a page turner . I had n't read the previous two books in the trilogy , and after reading this one , which most people say is the best , i dont think i 'll waste my time on them . All in all this was a good book , but not a great one .
 Masterful - I do n't know what more to say . This is the third book of a trilogy involving agent Pendergast and I think the 7th book in total - in which he has been a main character . Excepting , Still Life With Crows -LRB- which I didnt like -RRB- , I have read and re-read each and every one of these . Preston and Douglas have honed their storytelling skills and are able to provide some incredible reads . This is clearly one of them .
 If you want to maximize your enjoyment of this book , read Brimstone and Dance of Death first , and maybe even Relic and the Cabinet of Curiosities , to get used to the cast of characters in The Book of the Dead . By the time I read this one , I was already emotionally invested in the cast of recurring characters -LRB- Pendergast , of course , D'Agosta , Nora + Bill , Margo Green , Constance Greene , and Laura Hayward -RRB- , so it was a nailbiter for me from start to finish.However , that 's not the only reason this is an excellent thriller . In the previous books , there were often subplots that were n't very interesting or were n't important to the main plot . It was distracting sometimes and slowed the book down . Not so with The Book of the Dead . It is deftly plotted and detailed , but not boring . Pretty much every chapter ties in with the main plot -LRB- discovering Diogene 's plan and stopping it -RRB- and moves it along quickly . I also liked that the master plan was actually very believable -LRB- just think Pokemon -RRB- and awesomely ironic . Also , seeing a whole other side to Agent Pendergast.The important thing is , The Book of the Dead is tremendously exciting and just plain fun . Just when you think it 's over , you find out the authors have more surprises up their sleeves . Which is a good thing , because I did n't want the book to end . This is my favorite Preston/Child novel so far -LRB- of which I 've read 6 -RRB- , for the reasons above . It 's not a monster book or nature vs. man book ; the characters rely on their wits and are driven by honor , friendship , and vengeance , feelings very human and relatable . This is a thriller that does n't let up on the action , but also takes time to let us get to know , and get close to , its characters .
 Preston/Child books are somewhat evil
 I think this is the best of the books running from ` Crows ' on . This book did n't drag in any chapters , and the old Pendergast reappeared where he was missing somewhat in Brimstone and Dance of Death . I ca n't wait for the next one !
 Book of the Dead is a perfect ending to a great triolgy of books , the started with Brimstone and Dance of Death . I highly recommend reading those before starting this one , each book basically continues from where the previous one left off in a cliffhanger fashion . The Book of the Dead continues with Pendergast battling his evil brother Diogenes , and it continues to be compelling . Dance of Death was probably more exciting than this book , but I found this book to just be more interesting . It reveals alot about the characters , and you learn more about a certain girl who is shrouded in mystery . She plays a pivotal role in this book , and it ends in a bang . You honestly ca n't go wrong with these books , they once again show why they are the masters of mystery .
 I have been a huge fan of the dynamic duo of Douglas Preston and Lincoln Child . Every novel written by this duo is way above the average beach/summer read and even better than most of the techno-thrillers in terms of believability . But ever since the Pendargast trilogy began to unfurl , I have grown restless because despite being a die-hard fan of Special Agent Aloysius Pendargast , I longed for return to the `` Relic '' era , when Pendargast was one of the major force behind the novel , not the only novel , as has been in the last three works . Most importantly , I thought that maybe this work would round-off this `` family affair '' , but the last sentence of the novel obliterated that hope . Neverthless , this book is essential for all Preston-Child fans , esp . those who have read the `` Dance of Death '' . Enjoy it , maybe with that small misgiving .
 I like the way Doug and Lincoln completed the series . They added all the good elements I like in their novels including a creepy museum atmosphere and a mystery of who or what was driving people crazy . Was it a curse ? A chemical ? A disease ? My only complaint was that there was no icky bug , but the story was good enough that it was n't needed . I think they did an outstanding job of tying up loose ends and bringing the story to an exciting conclusion . And , some things I suspected turned out like I thought but there were a few surprises too.Highly recommended .
 Preston and Childs wrap up the `` Pendergast trilogy '' with an addictive novel that shows all their strengths
 If you 're a Preston & Child fan , you will be hooked from page one . If it 's your first P & C , hummm I do n't know ...
 The excitement continues in the last installment of the Pendergast Trilogy . However , do n't think this is the final installment , , , , the authors leave the reader with a blockbuster of an ending that will keep you counting the days until the next release . This novel has it all
 This has been a fine series of books ! Hopefully , as the end indicates there will be another ! This writing team is VERY entertaining ! -LRB- In the ca n't put it down catagory -RRB- - The Book of the Dead was a great read !
 This is the last installment of the trilogy following Brimstone and Dance of Death . The books are about FBI agent Aloysius Pendergast battling his evil brother Diogenes . I was a big fan of the agent Pendergast character , particularly in the earlier Cabinet of Curiosities , but this trilogy did n't excite me as much . The last book wraps up the story in a satisfying manner , but there was really no mystery or intrigue . However , it was not boring either . For example , agent Pendergast 's escape from prison was most entertaining , but the outcome was never in doubt.There was also no supernatural element to the story , as there was in many of Preston/Child 's earlier novels . There is no historical intrigue , no new characters introduced , and no plot twists . We are merely observers watching a linear story unfold , the outcome of which is known from the beginning . I was hoping that this would be the end of the Pendergast stories , but the book ending hints that there are more to come.To be fair , this book is fun to read and I blew through it in a couple of days , but Preston/Child have done much better in the past . I hope that their next collaboration involves all new characters and settings . After all , how many more people can die in the New York Museum of Natural Histrory before they shut it down ?!
 I bought this book on the way home from our memorial Day weekend and finished it in two days ! It was just as good as Dance of Death . READ THIS BOOK !!!! While you 're at it , also read WINTER HILL by Matthew Farrell . This was one of the best books I 've read to date .
 Do not read this book unless you plan on being immobile for a while . You will not be able to put it down .
 Absolute must reading - especially if you are a Pendergast fan !!! This book brings satisfying closure . Fast paced , and probably one of the best use of 6 hours of my time !!! Bizarre , fast moving , action packed and a worth read on a long flight .
 My family is full of avid readers of the Pendergast books , and as a result refer their friends to Aloyious . This is one of the better books , since you can read any in the series at any point to get `` hooked '' . This one deals with the New York Natural History Library and the fact that there is so much stuff in it that entire exhibits can be there and be lost . That alone is so much food for the imiagination to run wild with ! It is well worth the read , but write your name in the book so hopefully you will get it back - you will want to reread !
 I didnt ' realize this was part of a series when I read it , and it is great to know that was not necessary . The book is written in such a way that prior character knowledge or lack there of does not detract from the story . Book of the Dead is intense and I had a hard time putting it down . I could n't resign myself to wait to find out what happened next . Diogenes is just so evil and cunning and `` wow '' . Pendergast has his hands full ... but you never stop and think ... he 's not going to make it - you just are n't quite sure how he 's going to get there . The details are well covered , and the idea that there are sealed exhibits and tunnels , and shelves with jars of all kinds of things hiding in museums makes me want to go on a scavenger hunt . Completely captivating , amazing , intense read !
 Pendergast is in jail , framed by his brother . His friends , led by Vincent D'Agosta , plot to help him escape . The New York Museum of Natural History receives a mysterious package - that turns out to be diamond dust - their rare diamonds , stolen by Pendergasts brother Diogenes inDance of Death , have been reduced to nothing but powder by a vengeful Diogenes . An ancient tomb , bricked up in the catacombs of the museum , is re-opened , but strange occurrences are once again haunting the museum . And we finally learn about what caused the terrible rift between the brothers when they were young - why Diogenes is so angry . And finally the brothers have a showdown , after Diogenes seduces Constance - Pendergast 's ward - and leaves her emotionally unstable.There is so much going on in this book that I do n't even know where to start . So , rather than spoil it , I 'll just tell you that I liked this book a great deal - I liked the fact that we 're finally getting some perspective on what happened between Pendergast and Diogenes , and I enjoyed the clever device Diogenes created to cause mass hysteria/insanity in the museum . Those who are a fan of Preston and Child and/or of the Pendergast tales will not want to miss this .
 This book was an amazing ending to a trilogy that I loved ! If you enjoy this genre these two authors will blow you away . Pendergast is one of my favorite fictional characters in literature today .
 A fantastic conclusion to the Diogenes series -LRB- though I would n't be surprised if he somehow made a comeback in the next book ! -RRB- . As with their other novels , I did n't feel like I was reading a book , but rather that I was there seeing it all happen in front of me . The writing is fantastic , and the plot will keep you on the edge of your seat . I would really recommend that you read Brimstone and Dance of Death before you read this , otherwise much of it does n't make sense.I highly recommend this book , along with all of the other books by these authors .
 I luved this book at best . Grabbing intro and interesting all the way through . This is not a review , it being thankful to entertaining writing . Go get it and the other Preston series .
 I really liked this book . The book begins by grabbing your attention and continues to hold it throughout the majority of the text . The ending drags a bit but it is worth it ! Great summer read !
 Diogenes Pendergast has slipped through the grasp of law enforcement again and again all the while making it look as if his brother , FBI Special Agent Aloysius Pendergast is really responsible for the wave of crime . With Aloysius locked away in a federal penetentiary , Diogenes is available to execute his master plan - the ultimate crime targeting as many victims as possible . Disguised as a museum employee , Diogenes has access to the setting of an Egyptian tomb that is being refurbished for a grand public opening . Nora Kelly , the curator for the exhibit , is working feverishly to get the tomb ready for the opening , but an ancient curse attached to the tomb seems to resurface , making it difficult , if not impossible , to stay on track . Meanwhile , D'Agosta , along with Eli Ginn , Proctor , and Constance Green , are working just as hard to find a way to spring Aloysius from his prison and clear his name.Fans of Preston and Child will enjoy this thrilling conclusion to the trilogy . It is by far the fastest paced and exciting of the three . At this point in the series , the reader is used to the convenient appearance of characters from past books so it is easier to move past that shortcoming and just get into the plot of the book . It is always fun to see how the brilliant Pendergast brothers will use their genius minds and impressive world knowledge in an effort to outdo each other and stay ahead of everyone around them . For all of the series faults , this exciting and page turning conclusion saves the day .
 Preston and Child in `` The Book of the Dead '' conclude their classic trilogy of the confrontation between Special Agent Aloysius Pendergast and his pathologically evil younger brother Diogenes . The novel commences very shortly after it 's prequel , `` The Dance of Death '' concludes and therein lies the problem . Without having at least read `` Dance of Death '' you 'd be lost just picking up `` The Book of the Dead '' . Having myself read the prequel when it was first released , enough time elapsed to create a bit of fuzziness about the plot.Closely paralleling the Star Wars trilogy as to the relative dispositions of the forces of good and evil , we find our heroes back on their heels as in `` The Empire Strikes Back '' . Agent Pendergast is incarcerated in an impregnable federal penitentiary implicated in a slew of crimes committed by his brother Diogenes , who had framed him . Pendergast 's sidekick . NYPD Lt. Vincent D'Agosta had been disgraced as a result of his involvement with him and faces a departmental disciplinary hearing . He was forced to sever romantic ties with Cpt . Laura Hayward.The plot begins with a delivery of a suspicious package to , where else , The Museum of Natural History . Powder leaking from the package spawned fears of bioterrorism . Careful lab analysis concluded that the powder was a large amount of industrial diamond grit . Examination of this grit by the museum 's mineralogy experts revealed that the grit was actually the pulverized remains of the museums priceless diamond collection which had been purloined by Diogenes.This revelation set into motion , by the directors of the museum , a huge project designed to distract the public from destruction of the precious stones . Former P & C heroine and museum curator Nora Kelly was assigned the job of re-opening the lavish Egyptian tomb of Senef , which had been bricked up in the bowels of the museum in the 1930 's . The tomb which had been shrouded by rumors of a curse surrounding it was to be again opened amid a gala pageant funded by a ten million Euro bequest by a mysterious French count whose ancestors originally uncovered it . This all fell under a nefarious plan orchestrated by Diogenes to wreck havoc using the exhibit as his base of operations.In the meantime Lt. D'Agosta working with wheelchair bound genius Eli Glinn of Effective Engineering Solutions were plotting a scheme to spring Pendergast from prison . Pendergast made aware of events surrounding the museum and Diogenes ' plan was anxious to break out to thwart his brother.The wily Diogenes however was taking no chances and was trying to seduce Constance Green , the young but ageless ward of Pendergast , who lived in his Riverside mansion , using her as a wedge against his brother.The plot thickens as the brothers attempt to fufill their goals . A major revelation in this book is the insight we get into the genesis of the conflict between the two brothers . A boyhood prank perpetrated by a nine year Agent Pendergast on his seven year old brother resulted in his partial blindness and twisted his psyche forever creating an insurmountable rift . Also revealed by P & C are some aspects of the story behind the mysterious Constance Green.Since the authors have indicated that `` The Book of the Dead '' concludes their trilogy , we can hopefully look forward to some fresh new plot fabrications . In the concluding scene of the book , seeds were planted for a possible direction their next eagerly anticipated novel will take .
 The Book of the Dead closes out the informal trilogy centering on the gifted Pendergast brothers -LRB- and deadly rivals -RRB- Aloysius and Diogenes . Brimstone -LRB- 2004 -RRB- and Dance of Death -LRB- 2005 -RRB- were virtual set-up books to the culminating heart-stopping events in this new offering . I highly recommend that readers attain a working familiarity with those other titles -LRB- as well as the rest of the Pendergast ouvre -RRB- before tearing into The Book of the Dead . There are just too many things going on which connect to prior books for new readers to otherwise get full , comprehensive enjoyment.All the familiar faces are back , and have varying degrees of impact on the proceedings . Margo Green , for example , only has a cameo appearance , much to my regret . William Smithback Jr , the reporter with the `` nose '' for news , and Eli Glinn -LRB- from The Ice Limit and Dance of Death -RRB- also take somewhat of a backstage role . Instead , Nora Kelly , Vincent D'Agosta and and Homicide Captain Laura Hayward come to the fore . Constance Greene also has an integral part to play . But , of course , the main star of the show is maverick FBI Special Agent Aloysius Pendergast , with his psychopathic younger genius of a brother Diogenes getting the second star billing . As an additional teaser for the readers , one of the long-time supporting characters turns out to be a sleeper villain.The sprawling , prestigious New York Museum of Natural History has survived the bloodcurling events of The Relic and The Reliquary , but the latest mishap involving grounded up diamonds just might be the last straw . The museum powers that be , in an attempt to forestall negative publicity , decide to re-open The Tomb of Senef , which has been sealed off decades ago and long forgotten in the dank recesses of the museum . But , of course - because this is a Preston & Child production - there is a supernatural curse on the Tomb of Senef . Nora Kelly , selected to head up the exhibit , must deal with not only the Tomb 's murky past and reputation , but also with the repercussions of one murdered hired hand and two more employees who 've entered the Tomb and come out murderously insane . Meanwhile , Captain Hayward attempts to make sense of all the unsettling museum shenanigans . Little by little , she is coming to believe D'Agosta 's assertion that Diogenes Pendergast is the main culprit behind it all , and that , furthermore , Aloysius Pendergast is innocent of his charged crime . Speaking of whom , Special Agent Aloysius Pendergast is still busy cooling his heels in the maximum security Herkmoor federal prison , but not for long , as Eli Glinn and Vince D'Acosta begin to set the stage for the agent 's hoosegow breakout . Meanwhile , behind the curtain , pulling the strings and paving the way for his `` perfect crime , '' lurks the brilliant , amoral mastermind Diogenes.This is a damned good read , one which I polished off in one hot summer day . I had no idea museums were so interesting . Special Agent Pendergast is one of my favorite literary characters -LRB- he 's kinda like what would 've happened if Sherlock Holmes and Fox Mulder had a baby -RRB- , and I always relish revisiting his macabre universe . I was wondering if Preston & Child could pull this one off , and , mercifully , they do , and with great style . This is a riproaring , edge-of-your-seat thriller which lives up to the quality of Preston & Child 's best efforts . Several dangling plotlines left over from the previous novel -LRB- s -RRB- are gratifyingly resolved . In The Book of the Dead , we become privy to how Eli Glinn effects Agent Pendergast 's escape from daunting Herkmoor , the fate of Margo Green and Constance Greene -LRB- no relation -RRB- , the resolution of D'Agosta and Capt. Laura Hayward 's estranged relationship ... We also finally discover the terrible secret which is the source of the brothers ' bitter enmity , and how it impacts Diogenes 's vengeful master plan.So what 're you doing still reading this ? Go check the book out already .
 For those of you who have been waiting on pins and needles for Preston & Child to wrap up the Pendergast Trilogy , this book certainly could n't have come soon enough . The trilogy began -LRB- unofficially that is -RRB- with ` Brimstone ' which was one of their best books since ` The Cabinet of Curiosities ' , which remains my 2nd favorite novel by this amazingly talented duo . But believe it or not , they actually went one better with ` Dance of Death ' . I am having a difficult time deciding which one stands above the rest -LRB- with the exception of ` Relic ' which I still believe to be their masterpiece -- so far anyway -RRB- . To set the stage to some degree , events in ` The Book of the Dead ' began with ` Brimstone ' leading us to see the emergence of Special Agent Pedergast 's younger , more disturbed brother , Diongenes . His twisted mind , and how he became so demented specifically against his brother is alluded to , and finally totally explained in this novel which wraps up the trilogy , and yet sets the stage for further Pendergast tales . As ` Dance of Death ' ends , Agent Pendergast is incarcerated for a series of crimes which were actually committed by Diongenes , and carefully crafted to point guilt towards his brother , with whom he has a hatred for that borders on madness . As the story picks up right after ` DoD ' , the largest collection of diamonds on earth have been stolen , and suddenly appear back at the Museum -- only as ground up worthless grit . Why on earth would Diongenes do something so unexplainable ? As we discover soon afterwards , the firm headed by Eli Glinn , according to his most thorough predictions , Diongenes has set the stage for what he considers to be the ` Perfect Crime ' , but it has n't happened -- YET . And when it does , it will make everything he has done up to this point almost pointless by comparison . So what could be worse than murder and the seemingly perfect framing of his brother ? That , of course is just PART of what awaits you within this nearly flawless tale of greed , revenge and sheer thrills.Constance Green , who has been quite an enigma since she was introduced in ` The Cabinet of Curiosities ' has quite a roll in the final pages . We see more of exactly why Diogenes has a hatred that seems to be bottomless , and more importantly , why specifically his anger is directed towards his brother . The opening of the near-forgotten Tomb of Senef is the stage set for the final act of Diogenes ' plan for which he has spent over a decade preparing for . After some poor press at the Museum -LRB- this establishment is as unlucky as any building or person in modern fiction ... -RRB- it has come to the attention of the Director that what they desperately need is something to offset everything that screams for the Museum to be shut down ... hence the opening of an Egyptian tomb that has n't seen the light of day since the 30 's , and from what everyone slowly learns , it was closed for good reason . Does the so-called ` Curse ' continue to this day , or has someone carefully manipulated events in such a way that all it can do is create more interest in the Tomb 's opening ? What about the stories of people quite suddenly going mad , are they true ? And what about Agent Pendergast being stuck in a maximum security prison ? How can he possibly orchestrate the capture of his brother from such isolation directed by a rogue FBI agent with an agenda all his own ? All I can say is this
 This book was billed as the capper to the Pendergast series , when all of the plot threads left by `` Dance of Death '' would be neatly sewed up . Much to my delight , the authors were apparently seduced into keeping things going . Not to give the plot away , but I doubt that we 've seen the last of Diogenes , and the last sentence in the book just screams `` continuation . `` Not that I mind . I 'll be anxiously awaiting the next installment . After being sorely disappointed in `` Brimstone , '' but enthralled with `` Dance of Death , '' I can say with certainty that this book is the best of the three . I have criticized Preston and Childs for being poor `` finishers '' in several previous novels , but that is decidedly not the case in this one.Highly recommended , but read the other two noted books first , along with `` Cabinet of Curiousities . ''
 Good thing this is a written review , eh?I got the book this morning , and I just finished it . It is AWESOME ! All the books in the Pendergast Cycle , by that I mean all since the original book entitled `` The Relic '' , have been brilliant . -LRB- `` Reliquary '' was the low point , but it was still superior to most other books in the genre and related genres . -RRB- This was a spectacular culmination of all the previous works.I do n't want to give anything away , and so I must cut this review shorter than I 'd like . Suffice it to say , no one will be disappointed . If they are , then they 're square . No , really . The book is wildly entertaining , intriguing , and amazing . It 's really , really , really incredible.Just plain wow .
 New to the Preston/Child series of novels , I started with Brimstone , then Dance of Death and then the finale , Book of the Dead . The `` Diogenes '' trilogy.Extremely well written , and eloquently poised , the imagery and characterizations blend to create the perfect thriller . Preston and Child contribute the perfect combination of talent , to be indistinguishable as more than one author.Agent Pendergast and the collaborating cast of characters are so real , so carefully created , that they bring to life the story , and draw you into the reality of the novels . The obviously well documented , and researched background information gives a vivid backdrop to the plot and your imagination builds the elaborate scenes for every location.I will be buying more of the authors ' past books and will be eagerly anticipating more of the Pendergast saga as it unfolds.HIGHLY recommended reading , you wo n't be disappointed . A thinking man 's thriller .
 Preston/Child are such marvelous writers , it 's important to do them justice . You want to make sure you get the full effect of Diogenes ' -LRB- dare I say it -RRB- diabolical plot.Here 's how it should go . Get `` Brimstone '' , `` Dance of Death '' , and `` Book of the Dead '' . Put them by your reading chair , but do not open them.Clear your calendar -- call in sick , take vacation days , whatever you need to do . Check for sufficient provisions for several days -- whatever your reading food of choice is . Make peace with your family , insure they have enough food and clean laundry to tide them over , -LRB- does not work with young children -RRB- and explain that you will be incommunicado for a while . If necessary , go shopping . Have a talk with your pets -LRB- does not work with cats -RRB- and make arrangements to have them fed and watered.Now , with a clear conscience , open `` Brimstone '' . Enjoy
 First off , I think that reading the previous two books in the cycle should be mandatory before you read this entry . I also think you should read ` The Cabinet of Curiousities ' prior to reading this.This most recent Pendergrast thriller ties up a lot of loose ends -LRB- but not permanently -RRB- , and has all of the series ' most important characters going through their motions as they routinely do . And that 's why this book falls short of the heights of its predecessors . Everything is routine.The villainous Diogenes is not as potent or powerful this time , and seems to be ` going through the motions ' of what an arch-villain should do . D'Agosto and Hayward do their cop/romance schtick as usual . The reporters are both here , but neither has much to do . Margo Green is a character , but her part seems like it was added in afterwards when the authors realized she was still a loose end.I plowed through this book and found it to be a compelling and compulsive read , but somehow I 'm disappointed . I 've come to expect greatness from the authors , and this time all they delivered was a solid book . The problem with the book is that there were no surprises , and in a thriller I want to be thrilled.I feel like a Yankee fan who complains because A-Rod only hit 40 homers and drives in 120 runs .
 Another fast paced and exciting thriller from the dynamic writing duo . Be sure you 've read `` Dance of Death '' first to get the full impact.Only one complaint -- Special Agent Pendegast spent too much time `` off stage . '' Next time , Messeurs , more Pendergast , please !
 I 've been following the books of Preston/Child since THE RELIC . My favorites are the ones featuring Agent Pendergast ... they have created such a wonderful `` family '' for him - all of the Pendergast clan seems to have been very interesting individuals . There is more insight in to Diogenes , Constance and Viola ... if you 're a fan of the stories thus far , this will be a delicious read ! Long live Special Agent Pendergast ! May his saga continue ...
 If I could give this book higher than a 5 = Star rating , it would have one . What a remarkably suspenseful , intriguing conclusion to a great series of books . Pendergast is fascinating , as are all of the characters . It has been most enjoyable seeing their characters develop and interact - makes it more interesting . The authors ability to create and not be held back by explainable reality is what makes the books so interesting . It gives you the opportunity to imagine and wonder . A completely engrossing book that I hated see end . Ca n't wait for another Pendergast book !!!
 Once again Agent Pendergast is faced with impossible odds . Accused of the crimes committed by his brother , he is locked away in one of the highest security prisons while his brother plots to get away with the perfect crime . Preston and Child have once again configured a fast moving murder mystery with their wonderful compilation of interesting facts and characters .
 Book of the Dead ends the `` Pendergast Trilogy '' and I have to say that this was the best book of the three . Finally there is some closure to the Pendergast vs his brother battle , and we find out what caused Diogenes to hate his brother . Unlike the last book , Dance of Death , this one really holds it 's own and ties up so many loose ends from the previous novels that it is a MUST read for ever Preston/Child fan out there.I think that the most enjoyable part of this book is that it featured other main characters rather than just Pendergast . Many return from previous novels and all in all it makes for a very enjoyable read.If I have one complaint , I would have to say that the last line of the book was not only expected , but really a disappointment . If they had ended the book two paragraphs earlier I would have been very happy but this is not a major issue.One side note , if you have not read Brimstone and Dance of Death , you need to before reading this one or you might be a bit confused . Other than that this is a first rate page turner that builds up the suspense as it reaches a fascinating climax.All in all this is one of the best Preston/Child works out there . I can not wait to see what comes next from these two dynamic writers !
 For those who have n't read an Agent Pendergast novel before , this book will be very confusing - go back and read the earlier books first . For anyone who 's been following Pendergast 's story , this is one of the best in the series . Our hero gets a little more human , just as he did in `` Dance of Death '' and `` Brimstone '' . The battle with Diogenes continues , and every time things seem resolved , there 's another shock around the corner . I finished it in one day , and ca n't wait for the next one .
 If you are perusing these opinions you already know what incredible writers these two men are - what you do n't know is that this is a wonderful read . The Pendergast brothers keep your interest and Agent Pendergast and his high-tec antics keeps the imagination open . That 's what you should do - do n't say , `` That would n't happen '' or `` impossible '' - just go with the flow and enjoy this masterful piece of verbal art . The ending is open -- and I feel that Diogenes will reappear -- to claim his child -- and that there is more to happen to Constance - we still do n't know her entire story but it will surface with the birth of a child . Please read ALL the books by these gentlemen . They are sensational authors .
 These authors are two of my favorites.I enjoyed this book very much , but , can we get away from the museum for a while . I am aware that one of the authors worked there and it is a facinating place , just the right setting for these stories . However , it seems as if there is always a new exhibit with a gala opening that turns into chaos.I would like to see some more stand alone books from these guys . I like the idea of using characters fron previous books in stories that are not set in the museum . Agent Prendergast and brother Diogenes are like evil twin Sherlock Holmes . It would be nice to read about their family history . We have seen glimpses here and there , but not enough for me.I will continue to buy every book published by these authors and can not wait for the next on .
 This book was much anticipated - with the disappointment of Dance of Death , I wanted to see if Preston/Child got their acts together , and boy did they - I read this book in one session - was hooked from page 1 . This takes us back to the Museum of Natural History , where we began in Relic , and the opening of another exhibit , this time a ancient Egyptian tomb that has been literally bricked up for over 50 years in the museum - We see our old friends from earlier works , including non Pendergast books , and they all mesh together beautifully.Agent Pendergast is in a high security prison , framed by his equally genius brother Diogenes . Diogenes , has been a busy boy - he stole the Museum 's diamond collection , ground them to dust and sent the dust to the museum . He is able to enter Pendergast 's boarded up home and woo the much protected ward Constance toward ` the dark side ' . That path is sensual and exciting , and there are many revelations about Constance that make the story more rounded - The ending made me have a quick intake of breath - it took me unawares ! So many of the stories in the series seem to be tied up and here is a curve ball!For those new to this series , I recommend at least reading Cabinet of Curiosities which can give you some background.The author 's notes at the end of the book gave the reader a great overview of the characters ' entrances into the series . It was much appreciated.This is the best in the series and if you are remotely a fan of Pendergast , this is the one to read .
 Incredible `` end '' to the Pendergast / Diogenes books . This is not a stand-alone Pendergast book . While you could pick it up and read it , you 'd be missing out on one hell of a backstory with everything -LRB- there are 2 before this one -RRB- . I highly recommend the whole series -LRB- Brimstone , Dance of Death , Book of the Dead -RRB- .
 this was my first book of the series , actually of both authors , and i am completely hooked ! the action was hard core and i loved the main character pendergast . he is just the best good guy ! you know kinda bad ... i am definetly a serious fan and i cant wait to read everything by these authors .
 This was the second book I 'd read by Preston & Child , but the first with the character of Agent Pendergast . It was n't until I finished the book that I even knew there was a trilogy and that this was the last book in it . If I 'd known that , I probably would have preferred to start with at least one of the other two books in the series.I would most definitely classify this novel a page turner . It kept the action going and kept me me anxiously anticipating what was coming next . However , the authors moved various plotlines and characters ahead at the same time by skipping from one to the other . While I understand this tactic , it can be tremendously frustrating , when you 're at a tense point in one storyline , to come to a screeching halt in that storyline and move to another one which may be at a very different point.Most novels of this ilk require a healthy dose of suspension of disbelief , and this one is no exception . If anything , it requires a much larger dose than the average thriller . There were portions of the story that would have been laughable had they not been in such capable hands as these authors . The story was good enough and the characters strong enough that I was able to move past the fact that there was a lot of unbelievably wacky stuff going on.While I enjoy suspense , I am not a person who enjoys reading horror , ghost stories , etc. . As a result , I probably would have never bought this book had I picked it up in a bookstore because it sounded like it was going in that direction . Instead , I saw it on a `` loaner shelf '' at the place where I volunteer and , after reading a few pages , was relatively convinced that it was n't going to be that kind of book , so I took it home . It is certainly suspenseful and there are elements of ghost story/horror writing in it , but it was not overdone . In fact , I will happily be returning the book to the loaner shelf next week with my recommendation to coworkers to pick it up and go for a ride ! : -RRB-
 Although I liked it and found the science behind the eventually `` Big Event '' cool , I wish I had read the 1st 2 of the trilogy first , but I got it from the library and it was not clear from the cover this was the 3rd . It managed to stand alone well enough but the Constance long-childhood thing was very unclear and hinted at annoying . If a focus was going to put on it , then it should have been flatout stated . Despite that , it was a rewarding , quick and exciting read . For a suspense novel , there were very few holes ... I ca n't think of any except a weird statement made about Nora by her husband that seemed like something bad editing failed to catch a change in characterization . Still , a fun story great for a rainy day or beach .
 This is book 3 in the ` Pendergast trilogy , ' and you should read Brimstone and Dance of Death first . Taken as an aggregate it 's a very engrossing , entertaining read -LRB- taken seperately they tend to leave you hanging - at least the first two books did , so you might as well get all three at once ! -RRB- . The whole series is full of interesting characters and bizarre situations , and while some plot points are utterly predictable , there are still enough twists and turns that keep you guessing . The action is well written and pulls you in wonderfully , and the narrator -LRB- I listened on tape -RRB- did an amazing job .
 Another action filled adventure with the strange but compelling Agent Pendergast at the center of it all . The authors keep your attention rivited as the characters weave in and out of the main story line . The descriptive narrative keeps you looking over the shoulder of each person while you hold your breath at the suspense when the evil Diogenes is at his worst and you are waiting for the brilliant Aloysius to save Constance . Loved having D'Agosta back in the middle of it all !
 First Preston/Child book I 've read . What a find . Now I am reading the books in reverse as I did n't know there were others written before . That has n't seemed to change things for me maybe even helped keep track of who is who . These writers are just great and even reading out of order has n't changed my mind . I want them all !!!
 While this chapter of the trilogy almost had the feel of Relic in the beginning , the fast-paced suspense created by Lincoln and Child got to me once again . The well-known characters are true to form and Diogenes becomes even more reprehensible , if that 's possible ! The last two words of this book will leave you speechless . Another winner for Lincoln and Child ... now on to the Wheel of Darkness .
 Unfortunately like so many of the reviewers on this page , I read Preston and Child 's newest offering to the Agent Pendergast sequence of thrillers , `` The Book of the Dead '' before reading `` Dance of Death . `` I vaguely recall the plot of `` Brimstone '' where the intrepid FBI agent meets the lovely archaeologist Voila and then seems about to meet his maker when a pack of wild dogs surround him in the Tuscan hills towards the end of the novel . Imagine my chagrin when in the first few chapters of `` The Book of the Dead '' I realize that the clever Aloysius has been incarcerated in the state penitentiary for the murder of his brother , the dastardly Diogenes , and I had not a clue of how he got there . Not having a copy of `` Dance of Death , '' I ploughed on -- happily so -- with just a little trepidation regarding what seemed like a repeat plotline -- some terror going on in New York 's Museum of Natural History with an impending gala that surely spelled doom ala the first Pendergast novel `` The Relic . '' In this case , despite the repetitions , author team Preston and Child know how to churn out a great page-turner -- I finished a very satisfactory read in a few non-stop and enjoyable sittings.Now for those of you who are unfamiliar with this team 's efforts , this is popular writing for the general masses , winging their way through airports and train stations , wanting a compelling read to soak up tiresome commuting time . Not exactly great literature . However , it is entertaining storytelling with tight albeit sometimes improbable plot lines that have beguiling scientific or historic solutions that ca n't always be foreseen by the reader . The trick of utilizing a group of characters that reoccur in subsequent books allows the authors to develop the characters over time without stalling the action or the momentum of the bigger story . The short chapters drive the story forward in a manner that pushes the reader to stay up until the wee hours just to find out what happens next . The denouement satisfies as well as tantalizes -- there is always that bit of a cliffhanger that ensures successful cash register sales for the next installment . -LRB- I , for one , am thrilled that `` Wheel of Darkness '' is due out at summer 's end . -RRB- Bottom line ? I am not about to spoil the plot of `` Book of the Dead . '' If you have followed the rather exciting overactive lives of FBI agent Pendergast , his ward , Constance Greene , his diabolical brother , Diogenes , New York Times reporter , Bill Smithback , his wife , southwestern archaeologist , Nora Kelly , police lieutenant Vincent D'Agosta , police captain Laura Hayward , museum curator Margo Green and the rest of the Museum of Natural History crew , you already know what to expect . `` The Book of the Dead '' does not disappoint . Recommended to those who enjoy fun , beguiling , continuous writing that does n't take itself too seriously.Diana Faillace Von Behren `` reneofc ''
 I have read the following novels by Douglas Preston , Lincoln Child or both
 Great last book in the `` Trilogy '' . Settles some questions raises others . Lends more insight into the Constance Character ... Best is yet to come I think ... Never disappointed in the Authors thus far . . Do n't know how I have only recently found them ... Bravo !
 will knock you out . Pendergast and Constance have a new adventure in store for them in Wheel of Darkness . I now have several friends addicted to these books .
 Yes , I was held captive by this book !!!! 600 pages and I finished it in two days ! The writing is marvelous and all the characters are well developed ! Preston & Child have a writing style that really grips you from page one and carrys you along!Special Agent Pendergast is five star all the way !!!!
 This is the first sports book that I have read that really held my interest . I found the insight into Len Berman 's life as a sportscaster fascinating and the sports stories very interesting . I passed the book on to my 86 year old mother and she loved it as well . A great book for all age groups .
 Len Berman has been the epitome of a professional sports broadcaster in Boston and New York for many years . This is exactly the kind of book you would expect from him . Great stories about many of the personalities that he has encountered over the years including Dwight Gooden , Pete Rose , Wilt Chamberlain , Joe Torre , Don Imus and many others . Berman also writes about sports role in society and its relation to the more important and sometimes tragic events of our time like 9-11 . Book ends with a bang as Berman tells us what he would do if he was commissioner of sports for the day . A great read .
 I grew up watching Len Berman in the Boston area . He is my favorite sportscaster . His book will make you laugh and is suited for any sports fan . Enjoy !
 I 'll admit to not being a huge sports fan . But the broadcasting side can be fascinating . Len Berman 's not exactly a household name in my area . I can see why some might mistake him for Marv Albert . Still , this book might lead to some checking out his work . Who knows , maybe one day I 'll join that group . There are quite a lot of big names mentioned . Others may not be familar to most people . But Mr. Berman shares the human side of sports . Players , managers , and journalists get praised and criticized . There are many photos . Scattered through these pages are various not-so great moments . Many were featured on his Spanning The World segment . His day as commish of sports would involve a lot of changes.At times he gets serious . How do you talk about sports scores after a President resigns ? What about games cancelled after 9/11 ? Do n't forget the issue of race . I wanted to give this book 41/2 stars . There are some occasional bad words . I caught one definite goof . Mr. Berman got criticized when he suggested having America The Beautiful at sporting events . The flak occured due to the author , Irving Berlin . Both are Jewish . However , Mr. Berlin wrote God Bless America ! Who got what wrong here ? Still , I highly recommend this book . Have fun .
 Len Berman has been the epitome of a professional sports broadcaster in Boston and New York for many years . This is exactly the kind of book you would expect from him . Great stories about many of the personalities that he has encountered over the years including Dwight Gooden , Pete Rose , Wilt Chamberlain , Joe Torre , Don Imus and many others . Berman also writes about sports role in society and its relation to the more important and sometimes tragic events of our time like 9-11 . Book ends with a bang as Berman tells us what he would do if he was commissioner of sports for the day . A great read .
 Excellent well referenced overview of fashion culture . A good , broad introduction to the area . Through the chapter headings you can pick your particular area of interest , or read the whole , as each ties in to the other . Language simple for those new to the area .
 There are two recent books that touch on this subject . Ms. Pringle 's and Christpher Hale 's `` Himmler 's Crusade '' . Hale 's book is about the expedition to Tibet , which also occupies a large part of this book . Even so , go with this one . Ms. Pringle is an excellent researcher and writes very well . She avoids veering off and making mistakes about military affairs , a major weakness in Hale 's book . In addition , this book goes beyond the Tibet expedition -LRB- a fascinating subject -RRB- and takes up additional matters regarding the group set up by the SS to examine racial-biological-political issues . If you have an interest in Himmler or the SS , you wo n't be sorry you read this book .
 Heather Pringle has done the world a service by producing a well-written account of the `` science '' produced by scholars working for the SS . The book is fascinating . Like all good history , it contains lessons for the modern world
 While everyone knows something of the Nazi medical experiments on concentration camp prisoners , I did not appreciate the extent to which other areas of science were twisted and corrupted to serve Nazi ideology . It 's sad to see the extent to which presumably intelligent people , professionals in their field , abandoned all the rigors of logic and the scientific method to satisfy their own preconceptions . `` The Master Plan '' is a fresh perspective on the Nazi abuse of science -LRB- especially archeology -RRB- in the furtherance of their favored -LRB- and , for the most part , bizarre -RRB- racial and historical theories . This is the only study of the Ahnenerbe -LRB- the elite Nazi research institute created by Himmler -RRB- that I 've ever seen . The writing is a touch dry but the subject matter is compelling . Highly recommended for anyone with an interest in the Nazi period .
 This is not the first book about the mysterious branch of the SS called `` Ahnenerbe '' . But it is the most well-written one and also the first book to present all the amazing Ahnenerbe expeditions abroad . These expeditions bring Indiana Jones to mind but are far more interesting than the `` Indy '' movies , as they took place in real life.As Ahnenerbe was to a great extent about motivating the pagan faith of the SS leader Heinrich Himmler and many early SS-officers the book is also about the relationship of the SS to the major religions . Both to buddhism -LRB- therefore the fascination with Tibet -RRB- , hinduism -LRB- with its `` Aryan '' side -RRB- , Islam -LRB- two SS divisions were largely Muslim -RRB- and Christianity -LRB- incompatible with true SS spirit according to Himmler -RRB- . Had Nazi Germany been victorious the SS would have dropped its wartime acceptance of Christianity and would have worked hard on replacing Christianity with its brand of pagan faith . `` The Master Plan '' gives a really fascinating insight into what was actually done in the SS to promote the new/ancient faith , and what the SS planned to do about religion , had the SS won .
 In the bright daylight of modern day it 's with some difficulty that one attempts to comprehend the horrendously monstrous things that the Nazi regime perpetrated against some of their fellow human beings . Everyone has read books or stories about the Nazi atrocities committed against the Jewish people , but Ms. Pringle 's highly researched book really delves deeper into the `` Final Solution '' of the Third Reich and details the acts of the upper echelon of scientists and scholars involved in it.All through this book I was wondering what could motivate seemingly `` normal '' people to devise and even participate in these terrible events ? This even seems to be the author 's final question about her own research . Probably the most striking thing about these events and the people involved in them is the fact that so many got away cleanly and continued to live normal everyday lives , some even going on to great accomplishments in academia.For anyone interested in the WWII era or interested in the true underlying framework behind the Holocaust , I can not more strongly recommend Ms. Pringle 's book . Even for those like myself who have researched this area of history extensively , one can still be shocked by the almost unbelievably heinous motivations and actions of those who actually carried out the `` Final Solution '' .
 It is just possible that Heinrich Himmler was even worse than Adolf Hitler . This well-researched and equally well-written book tells the previously almost unknown story of Himmler 's subversion of scholars , scholarship , and academic integrity in the pursuit of a justification for genocide . The author brings to light the story of the research activities sponsored by the SS in the attempt to create the mythology and folklore of the Aryan race . Archaeologists , anthropologists , ethnologists , and academics all put their own rise in Nazi Germany over truth and ethics . The remarkable expeditions taken all over the world , as far as Tibet , in pursuit of relics that were perverted to represent the purity and superiority of the Aryans , are described in thrilling detail . Of course , the outcome of all this research and pseudoscholarship was an intellectual rationalization for the genocide of Jews , and other so-called inferior races . The book is chilling as it makes us realize how far educated men and women will go to advance their own interests . It also shows that Himmler was planning to create an entire religion of Aryanism , that would eventually replace all other faiths in the Thousand Year Reich . Just when you think you have read everything worth reading about the Third Reich , a book like this comes along . A great read and worth every sobering moment
 The Nazis used anything they could to justify their rule and the primacy of the `` Aryan '' race . They used many aspects of science to prove this point , but twisted and molded these ideas to suit National Socialist dogma . Heather Pringle 's book investigates and illustrates how various sciences were used to show that `` Aryans '' were the superior race . Heinrich Himmler , being the dreamer he was , tried to twist history -LRB- prehistory -RRB- to show that the Germans were meant to rule the world and that they in fact were responsible for all the greatness of civilization . He enlisted scholars of all sorts to `` flesh '' this out . Along the way he encountered charaltans and crackpots and even respected acadmeics to his cause . Pringle tells this ghastly story well , well qualified from her earlier book about Mummies . This story will repluse some , but the lessons it teaches are well worth reading , it has exposed another of the inhumane and incredulous facet of the Third Reich .
 Here 's a review of the book from the website of Helsinki paper , Helsingen Sanomat . Review written by Pirkko Kotirinta and with a distinctly Finnish flavor ... . thought I 'd repost as it provides a slightly different look at the book.Himmler was excited over Finnish Kantele ... Book reveals hushed-up cultural cooperationFinnish anthropologist Yrj&ouml; von Gr&ouml;nhagen met German SS leader Heinrich Himmler in 1937 at Himmler 's home , along with German music researcher Fritz Bose . The scientists were led into Himmler 's study , and they were surprised at what they saw . Hanging on the wall of the study was a copy of a photograph that had recently been taken by Gr&ouml;nhagen , of Timo Lipits&auml; , a Karelian runonlaulaja , or `` poem singer '' . The photo , which had been given to Himmler a year earlier , hung over Himmler 's desk as if it were an icon . Von Gr&ouml;nhagen -LRB- 1911-2003 -RRB- and Bose -LRB- 1909-1975 -RRB- brought new gifts from Karelia . The Nazi leader was especially enthusiastic about the kantele , a traditional Finnish stringed instrument . Bose played for him , and the kantele was given to Himmler , who immediately ordered ten more for the SS.Does this sound familiar in any way ? The information is from a book by author Heather Pringle , The Master Plan
 Heather Pringle 's `` The Master Plan '' gives an excellent history of the Ahnenerbe , the special branch of the Nazi SS made up of some of Germany 's leading scientists and scholars whose purpose it was to document the history and prehistory of Germany and the Aryan race . These scientists , often hand-picked by Heinrich Himmler himself , were intended to provide the historical and scientific justification for the Nazi 's ideology and conquests . Much of this story has remained largely unknown and Pringle 's work is the first book that provides a comprehensive account of this fascinating subject.Himmler was obsessed with the idea that he could validate the superiority of the Aryan peoples and the supremacy of the German `` volk '' by providing clear scientific evidence supporting these claims . Where such evidence was lacking , it could be invented . Thus was born the SS Ahnenerbe , a organization that operated under the guise of unbiased scientific inquiry by some of the leading German scholars of the day . The findings of the Ahnenerbe were used to justify the Final Solution and the sinister deeds of the Nazis as the German war machine steamrolled across the world . Pringle 's book explores the lives of the many scientists who served the Ahnenerbe and the various expeditions that were undertaken in the service of the Reich . It was these very archaeological undertakings that partly served as the inspiration for the film `` Raiders of the Lost Ark '' . Pringle 's book also makes clear Himmler 's agenda to alter the very fabric of German society , especially religion . Himmler was a passionate anti-Christian who believed that Germany should be returned to the pagan religion of their ancestors . To that end , he used the SS as a prototype for a future society that would embrace the beliefs and practices of their Aryan forbearers.Himmler understood that if you can control what people know and understand about their past and their ancestors then you can control the future of that society . History is written , or often RE-written , by the victors for a reason . The Ahnenerbe was created for this very purpose . It is an important piece in the complex puzzle of understanding the motivations of the Nazis and why they did the things they did . Pringle 's book is an excellent addition to that understanding .
 Heather Pringle has done an exceptional job in writing this book . Her writing style is dynamic , interesting , and personal unlike the talent of many Holocaust book authors who are authoritative but dry . I consider this one of the top two books I have ever read relating to the Holocaust , and I have been reading about this subject for over 15 years . I am in awe of her research and ability to have gone so deeply into this subject . There is much to learn here not only about Himmler and the maniacal search for a source/invention for the Aryan Race , but grasping a real sense of the Nazi mentality in how they approached their cause in general . Ms. Pringle really delivers on her goal of sharing Himmler with the reader . Congratulations ! I eagerly await her next book .
 Extremely interesting and thorough account of Ahnenerbe , Himmlers quasi-scientific organization that tried to prove their theories of human `` history '' . Well written and entertaining while also historically accurate . I recommend this book to anyone , who wants to know where the roots of these theories really were . Nazis did not invent their racial theories but borrowed bits and pieces from several scientists and artists preceding the Nazi movement . You can also read it as a warning of how it is possible to twist science to political ends .
 I 've been a fan of Heather Pringle ever since I picked up The Mummy Congress and spent an entire day in Acapulco in my room reading it in preference to splashing about in the Pacific . This book is , of course , entirely different and concerns the efforts of Heinrich Himmler to establish a anthropologic/historical `` school '' called the Ahnenerbe to indoctrinate young Nazis by advancing the theory of the `` master race '' and tracking the history of advanced civilizations back to thier presumed Aryan ancestors.While Himmler 's efforts were in themselves crackpot and gathered quite a few kooks along the way such as his assistant , former mental patient named Karl-Marial Wilgigut who traced his family back to the Norse god Thor , more interestingly is that many of the reputable German scientists of the day followed along either through fear of political censorship or quite possibley through shared beliefs.Throughout , Ms. Pringle pops up with interesting facts such as Hugo Boss ' supplying of the Nazi uniforms and Ludwig Roselius ' invention of decaffeinated coffee -LRB- sufficient reason in itself to dislike the Nazis . -RRB- This book is well worth the price particularly as it presents the acceptance of craziness and promulgation of insanity in modern civilization and deals with an area of the Third Reich which would otherwise be unfamiliar to most readers . Highly recommended .
 I read this as a course book in Iain 's course , and then bought the first edition in the early nineties . It taught me to research the literature of geographic economics well but not clearly . I had read it with a few socialist books on Poland and other command economies . It brought my trust in capitalism to life as well as opening my reading to socialism and social theory . Covering systems at various scales and in a geographic example type format with small maps and breakdowns of labour and supply , it illustrates , the differences of the world 's nations . Some of the connections between these nations and the theory of finances is of course , confusing.Until we realise that global as a word does not belong to Wall Street but to the people of the earth , we will not get straight talk . But then I am a purist who would like artifical boundries for nations and globes .
 The book was brand spanking new just as advertized , and the shipping - although lengthy due to distances involved - was reasonable.Well pleased with order , will do business with you again .
 that they are too verbose , too much geared toward teaching everything to everyone -LRB- rather than teaching the basics to everyone -RRB- , too heavy , and too expensive.This little slim volume is in some sense an optimal solution to this problem . It covers the very basics of complex analysis in such a way that a typical engineering studentcould read the book cover to cover in a short time and come away with a basic understanding of the field . The reader would then be empowered to read up on more specialized topics -LRB- e.g. , the use of phasors , nyquist stabilty criterion , inverse laplace transforms -RRB- or to apply the theory in an engineering class.For comparison , I usually tell others that my favorite textbook on complex variables is the book by Wunsch . Although I still like Wunsch 's book it has gotten fatter and thicker as it has morphed intothe current third edition . Its sheer bulk and scope might discourage the student from delving into the book who was not required to by taking a class.Most engineers have to become `` self-learners '' throughout their career and books like this really help facilitate the process of lifelong learning .
 This is a great short introduction to complex analysis . It does n't cover all of the topics that might be covered in a college course , but the topics it does cover it covers clearly and with many good examples . There are exercises , but not an inordinate amount ; just enough to practice what the author is teaching you.I reread this over the summer and I had forgotten how much I like this book . In fact , I wish I owned a copy of it the first time I took complex analysis .
 I needed to learn some complex analysis to understand some signal processing problems . It has been quite a while since I had a formal mathematics class , and while I will not stop with this book , I found that it takes a very practical approach , a bit like when I first learned how to use calculus . Rigor and detail is great , proper , and fine , but it is not a good way for a non-mathematician who is tasked with using a piece of mathematics to get oriented . I found it refreshingly straightforward .
 Good tips on all the parts of iLife ' 04 , including intro to Garage Band , which I had just taken a look at . E.g. , a tip tells which formats iPhoto can use , including BMP and PDF files , as well as my old PICT files . Good cautions and helpful points for both iPhoto and iMovie 4 . Even some non-iLife software is mentioned -LRB- such as for audio recording -RRB- . I 'm glad to have this book next to my Mac .
 The Guy Hart-Davis iLife book was my next logical choice to further my Apple computer education . Also , I wanted the most out of my recently purchase iPod.iDVD allows you to create DVDs containing movies , slideshows or data with themes . IDVD works only with Apple Superdrive computers , and you can archive your work.iMovie allows you to edit your home movies . You can import , assemble , cut and edit your movies . In addition , you can apply titles and effects with your own sounds or import the iTunes.iPhoto allows you import digital photos from your digital camera , scanner and photo files . Edit and organize your pictures into albums and add sound for your own QuickTime movie.iTunes allows you to make compressed digital copies of your CDs and other audios on your hard drive . You can load compressed files onto your iPod or MP3 player.GarageBand is your application for composing , recording , and mixing your own music.Guy Hart-Davis iLife book , the chapters and pages I found interesting : Part I Understanding the Point of iLifePart II Enjoy Stunning Audio with iTunes and iPodPart III Edit and Manage Your Digital Pictures with iPhotoPart IV Create Your Own Movies with iMoviePart V Burn Your Own DVDs with iDVDPart VI Compose , Record , and Mix Original Music with GarageBandPage TurnersPage 6 , Get AcquaintedPage 49 iTunes Screen . This shows all the detailed controls of iTunes.Pages 52-53 AIFF and WAV sound formats explainedPage 59 Rip and Encode MusicPage 61 Join Songs using Advanced settings in iTunesPage 66 Rating Your Songs * Page 92 Caution . Do not put AIFF uncompressed audio files on your iPod . You can ruin your iPod by making your iPod battery wear out much more quickly since the iPod 's hard drive has to work harder with AIFF uncompressed files . * Page 101 Eject Discs from stuck Powerbooks , iBooks , G4 Cubes that do not have manual eject holes . * Page 145 Information on iPods Battery LifePage 147 Sound CheckPage 157 Burning CDs or DVDs.Page 164 ScreenSaver * Page 166 AIFF Files for Highest Quality Sound * Page 416 Salvation for those Mac computer users that do not have a Superdrive in their computer . Guy Hart-Davis showed me how to transfer my DVD project to a Mac with Superdrive . * Important pages for further reading.Books Pro ReactionBack cover inside has the essential keyboard shortcuts for iLife applications . The book has a very good description of iTunes , iPhoto , iMovie and GarageBand programs with an indepth usage of the Apple iPods and mini iPods . The iLife book has many illustrations and photos throughout the book.Books Con Reaction ` What Does This Book Cover ? ' pages should have been retitled
 This book is like a bronseal advert , it does what it says on the tin . the authours have given a indepth look at life in a city in terms of communications . the reason i have now bought this book is that i have read the social and cultural impacts of communications within a city , and now want to read the rest . the authors which for me gives the book real zeal is that their writings are de-viod of utopian or distopian views and keep to real facts . im sorry my review is not of a professional nature , but i recommend this book to anyone in studies at degree level or anyone interested in the way a whole city operates purley by communications albeit internet , phone or any ohter communication . a must buy .
 `` Direct Action '' is so heartpoundingly real it might as well bevirtual reality . This book is a powerful page-turner that provides so much inside info that you feel you are right there with Tom Stafford and his buddies , every minute of the journey . If you 're curious about all the dirty little secrets behind counter-terrorism and how difficult it is to do your job if you are CIA or ex-CIA , then this book is a must read . What fascinated me most was the incredibly accurate details of the locations in Paris , descriptions of exactly what they ate and drank , the restaurants , the clothes , the disguises and how they go about capturing their prey . Weisman writes about all of it in depth and so well , that you 're always kept wondering what is truth and what is fiction . Yet with all of this , he still keeps the action at a breakneck pace .
 A friend recommended a novel to me that I probably would have overlooked without his advice ... Direct Action by John Weisman . A good espionage thriller ... Tom Stafford is a former CIA officer who quit the agency when things became far too bureaucratic for his liking . The private firm he works for has uncovered an al-Qaida terrorist who has been a mystery figure to everyone who has tried to find him in the past . When they bring this to the attention of the CIA , they are inexplicitly told to back off . What makes this even more frustrating is that the terrorist is launching a suicide bombing plot involving designer backpacks and undetectable explosives . Unless this is stopped and the explosives analyzed , all the preventative measures in place around the world will be rendered moot . An unusual mix of private contractors with shadowy pasts and mixed loyalties have to come together to flush out the terrorist , find the explosives , and steer clear of whatever powers in the CIA are preventing them from doing what 's right ... Weisman writes with the perspective of someone who has spent plenty of time in the world of covert actions . The plotline of the story is meshed into real CIA personalities and activities , so it 's often a little difficult to draw the line between what 's story and what 's actual history . He also blacks out certain names and activities in the book , much like you 'd see in a declassified document . It may sound a little hokey , but it works well to make the writing feel even more real.Prior to this read , I had n't even heard of Weisman . Now he 's moved into my `` so what else has he written '' list ... A good read to allow you to escape for a few hours ...
 Weisman does it again -- Direct Action is brilliant . This book is smart , timely , authentic and extremely realistic . If Weisman ever worked for the CIA , he 'd probably be in significant trouble for all the tradecraft , sources , methods , and analysis revealed in this book . Fortunately for us , he 's just got tremendous sources ... allowing the rest of us to glimpse what only a very few are cleared to know.Direct Action should absolutely be on your summer reading list !
 This is a pretty good read . Its got a ton of detail about covert operations , spy devices , and the intelligence apparatus to make you feel like this is what really goes on . The story line is pretty good , too . It slightly annoying that the authors ' political views are so obviously on display .
 I had n't read Weisman before , but trotted out and bought an earlier book right after finishing this . It 's a very readable , intriguing book , with somewhat under-developed but appealing characters , and convincing plotting and ambience . I agree with the reviewer who said if half of this about the CIA is true , we 're in big trouble -- and some non-fiction I 've read recently suggests it is at least half-true . In that sense , the book was disturbing and frustrating , but since that was the author 's goal -- good job !
 John Weisman wrote a very good spy/terrorist story . Worth the price of the book . It 's got everything a story of this type suppose to have action , suspense and on and on . Our hero has to go it alone with no help from the people he works for , and it 's not the C.I.A.
 The best -LRB- so far -RRB- of John Weisman 's recent batch of post Rogue Warrior thrillers that will take readers inside the CIA and the War on Terror . The story detials how the CIA is hiring independent contractors from private security firms to perform tasks that the agency is not able to do on its own , either because of a lack of qualified officers or because of the leadership bureaucracy at Langley . The story revolves around efforts to track down an al-Qaeda bomb maker planning a series of upcoming attacks , combining fact and fiction . Aside from being entertaining , the narrative also includes tons of details on the current state of the CIA and past intelligence operations . It is also a primer on how the War on Terror needs to be fought effectively . Weisman has done for the War on Terror in novels what Clancy did for the Cold War . Hopefully he 'll continue writing books like this .
 Mr Weisman 's latest novel is outstanding . A very well written story covering the turbulence of the intelligence community of the United States . Few can cover the special operations and covert-clandestine worlds better than Mr Weisman . He has related the `` second '' front of the intelligence war - ourselves . Giving up spies for satelites , tradecraft for technology , and a reliance on zero defect mentality vice leadership . The story fills in the gaps since the day America changed , September 11th , to present time . It is not always fun to read if you have half your brain tuned into the current events . It will upset you with pretty accurate description of managers and bureaucrats poorly filling in for leaders and opertives and re-assure you that many sleep well in their beds at night for the few warriors that man the `` walls '' remain . The set up and flow is excellent . The explanation supportive to the story , not tedious or insulting . The theme is clear and well presented . If you enjoy the covert action story that is clearly related to our present situation as a nation of people , you will enjoy this book . If you do not regulary enjoy this kind of reading , take a chance on this one - it is well worth the time .
 John Weisman is an excellent author , and Direct Action will not disappoint . After listening to the author in a lengthy radio interview , I realized that he was telling a tell-all about the CIA couched in a fictional storyline . That approach seems like the best approach , since no author can name names of real operational field agents . It is the story of the gutting of the CIA in the previous administration , where the president wanted to `` clean up '' the CIA by getting rid of field agents who by necessity had to interact with `` unsavory '' people as sources . The presidential directive was to rely largely on signals intelligence and satellite imagry . The result was a CIA who falsely said about WMD in Iraq , `` it 's a slam-dunk '' . It is the story of a CIA that was broken.Direct Action is not a dry story , but a compelling story of `` outsourcing '' intelligence fieldwork , and the daring efforts of former CIA agents who now do the same work but without the stifling bureaucracy in `` the company '' . It 's a page-turner , but keep in mind that it is largely fact in a fictional story .
 ... this work by Mr.Weisman . It is a winner on most fronts.A-It is extremely entertainingB-It is very readable -LRB- no urge to put it down -RRB- C-There is no hint of `` lazy author syndrome '' Technical is better than expectedD-The characters are well formed and credibleE-Background coloration is better than expectedF-An excellent melding of current and historical fact with the fiction of the novelG-Predicability is at a minimumH-Plotting is well paced and rationalI-No extraneous distractions that blur the basic storyI purchased this book from Amazon `` Used `` I wish John Weisman were more prolific . I enjoy his work quite a lot.However if he were more productive his quality would probable drop.Mr.Weisman . Set your own pace . I 'll wait for your next product
 An al-Qa ` ida bomb maker is on the loose . Former CIA TomStafford , Marilyn Jean O'Connor -LRB- MJ -RRB- current CIA and the JewReuven are the only ones capable of catching him.The CIA just can not handle it . The bomb maker has plannedfor several attacks . Tom and MJ try to warn those in powerbut no one is listening.This book is full of action and keeps you on the edge of yourseat . It is very exciting.Read this book and see if the attacks are stopped.Its a great thriller . I love JOHN WEISMAN.He is one of my favorites . -LRB- I did not like his Rogue Warriorseries - the covert actions are his best -RRB- This book I consider a keeper and a re-read .
 This novel painfully points out the problems with the CIA during the terms of Directors such as Webster , Gates , Woolsey , Deutch and George Tenet . Seasoned intelligence professionals left the agency in droves or were forced to retire . Directives were issued that in effect prevented the clandestine service from spying . Positions were filled by individuals few of whom had the experience , ability or inclination to recruit agents to spy for America . Tom Stafford , a former CIA case officer , ca n't stand how things have deteriorated . He joins up with a group of former CIA agents who now are independent contactors calling themselves the 4627 Company . This group contracts projects that the rather impotent CIA would not be capable of handling . This plot centers around a genius terrorist bombmaker who has miniaturized parts so they can be hidden and carried undetected onto to commercial aircraft . This is really an almost impossible to put down read . My only complaint is that there were at least ten pages where portions of the text were blacked out as though by a censor . I find that rather disconcerting . Plenty of espionage tips and tricks . And plenty of excitement as they hunt down and terminate the enemy .
 Direct Action is , without a doubt , the most entertaining book I 've read in a year . John Weisman is well known for leveraging his deep connections in the intelligence community and a thorough commitment to authentic detail while writing his novels ... His knowledge of tradecraft , history and current events is remarkable -- and he masterfully weaves them all together ... making the reader wonder if the story is fact or fiction . The result , in this case , is that Direct Action is one of the most authentic , insightful , and exciting spy novels in print today . You 'll love it .
 If only a fraction of what John Weisman says of the incompetence and bungling of the CIA , the United States faces serious problems . To Weisman 's credit , he is a skilled storyteller . He begins with a highly publicized fact about the CIA and then weaves the story further . The question is whether what he weaves is true or not?But , of course , `` Direct Action '' is a novel , a thriller and a very good one at that.The initial theme is that the CIA has grown so incompetent after its devesatation in the 1990s that even its most basic intelligence gathering functions must now be outsourced , primarily to former CIA employees . One of these , McGee , has developed a source in Gaza . Told that he needs photographic evidence of a certain terrorist reputed to be in Gaza , McGee is blown into smithereens on his way there.Enter Marilyn Jean O'Connor , an analyst in the Counterterrorist Phtoto Interpretation Group at the CIA . One almost suspects that Weisman included this ultimately minor character in order to heap more abuse on the CIA . But MJ does serve a pair of small purposes beyond depicting an organization that ca n't do anything right
 This book made it past the censors and yet gives the layman an inside look at the frustrations for operations personnel in the CIA . While the detail can bog you down in the first few chapters , it 's well worth it as you move through the book . Finally a book that exposes the political correctness that has hog tied our operatives in the field.Well thought out ; detailed and true to life senarios .
 Kingdom Principles has given me principles which have expanded my understanding and knowledge of God 's Word so that my life can reflect God 's Glory more . This book provides core principles to further my spiritual maturity development .
 Myles Munroe offers his unique and gifted description of why and how Kingdom citizens are to represent and live on earth as it is in heaven . '' This second book in his 3 book series expertly gives the reader , especially those who reside in a democracy , God 's insights of His Kingdom .
 Stepping into Gods plan and purpose for you ... is exposed in this book . Why we are here and where we are going is the ultimate dish to digest in this inspirational truth . Why you have asked ... and why you have wondered ... in your heart , as to why you are here . . this book along with scripture truely gives the answers to lifes questions along the way !!! I 'm so thankful I did not let this one pass me by !
 This is a great book , I believe that everyone should read it , Dr. Munroe really breaks down the Kingdom Principles and this book also lets you know that it 's time to get serious about the Kingdom of God .
 Thoughtful and provocative look at understanding the Kingdom of God through grasping the essence of earthly kingdoms and how they operate and function . Apparently in reaction to people who fail to grasp Kingdom principles now , I felt he shortchanged the `` doctrine of heaven '' and puts his emphasis only on the Kingdom here and now -LRB- 1 Cor . 15:19 -RRB- . The reality is that we are part of `` a Kingdom that is but not yet . '' Due to missing this concept , I felt some of the book gave an improper understanding of what the Bible is actually saying about the Kingdom of God.Nonetheless , it was a helpful book and in combination with Ladd 's book - `` Gospel of the Kingdom '' - would give a well-rounded understanding of what Jesus meant when he spoke of `` the Kingdom . ''
 Very enlightening . Changed my perspective about Kingdom principles and helped me to read thge Bible in a more understanding way .
 You must get this book !!! Dr. Myles Munroe 's teaching with change your life IF , you follow them . IT is very important to learn about the `` Kingdom of God '' and manifest His kingdom in your life . Get this BOOK NOW !!
 I purchased this audio product for my dad , who is blind . The product arrived ontime , and although I did not listen to the sudio series , I have not heard any negative reports back from my dad .
 The book is awesome and is a very good tool to assist me in learning and teaching others about Kingdom Principles . Myles Munroe is an awesome man of God and writer . He has been anointed by God to write about what we as Christians are to be doing while we 're here on earth . And , I appreciate having his books , which are and will be instrumental in my walk for Christ Jesus .
 I have read this book -LRB- Kingdom Principles
 Excellent book ! Well worth the reading . It will change your perspective and your life .
 He is a little bit redundant in expressing the concepts ; however , overall this is a good book .
 This is one of those books that teaches you so much . A review will not do this book justice.All I can say is get the book !
 This book will change your life . Every person in the boby of Christ should have this book .
 This is a very good read and gives out informative data that can be used in our lives as Kings and Queens . Recommended read for all .
 Dr. Myles Munroe is especially Gifted and Called to serve our `` today '' . The Study Guide he authored was led by our Lord and is one of learning the route to a deeper life , experiencing spiritual guidelines for many life changing issues and all is backed with the Word of God . The Study Guide is quite easy to use and any and all should expect spiritual growth when their 40 days are complete .
 The Kingdom has arrived in my life . The message and life of Jesus Christ finally makes sense and is practical for everyday living , and I mean living . I am free to live life.After reading this book , I am beyond enlightened and now I 'm transformed and my mind has been renewed . I am free from religion and the burden of tradition and also all foolishness and live as a Kingdom citizen.Thanks Pastor Myles for this book , God is good .
 This book arrived very quickly in new condition . If there is anyone out there seeking a new level in God and tired of traditional pulpit stories that do n't quench your thirst for relationship with God , run to order this simplistic , real understanding of Jesus ' will while on the earth and his will today as well for believers . In essence , read it in order to clearly realize how your life has been robbed by erroneous teachings and doctrines of `` yesteryear . '' Whatever you do , get this book and read it and read it , and read it . You will not regret the small investment .
 Kingdom Principles was a real eye opener . Myles Munroe does a wonderful job of outlining how the kingdom works . This book left me inspired and excited about being a member of God 's family . I ca n't wait for other books by Mr Monroe . I highly recommend this book .
 The last kingdom that be on Earth is the Millenium Kingdom . This book expores the meaning of being a member or subject of any kingdom . I would consider that as very important and an infulunce in daily thinking .
 Amazing , the message is very powerful , it helped me to see the Bible in a new woderful way than before .
 This book is revoluntionizing and changing lives in this community . We can visibly see lives being changed in our congregation -LRB- members and visitors alike -RRB- and their families lives as they make application of these principles while preparing for Kingdom Experience and Expansion . You go ! Monroe ! God , you 're awesome ! Thanks Amazon .
 This book will open your eyes in regards to understanding Kingdom principles , it 's not based on a religion it 's based on thewords from Jesus Christ and his purpose for being born to return the kingdom back to earth . it will open your eyes on how you canlive in the kingdom and have access to all of the things in the Heavenly Kingdom . this book is a true Blessing.Thanks Dr. Myles Munroe .
 This book is awesome as well , if you read Rediscovering the Kingdom , you must read Kingdom Principles . You ca n't read one without reading the other .
 This is an excellent book ! I would highly recommend it to anyone who is seriously seeking to understand moving deeper into the Kingdom of God .
 Myles Munroe has really refined his writing craft in this latest book on the Kingdom of God . In just the first 25 pages he reveals what 's really hiding behind the mask of religion - nothing.The Kingdom was the only message Jesus ever preached and it is the most widely misunderstood and ignored concept in religious circles . If you want to really understand the Bible and its core message , this book is for you .
 I have been so blessed lately in finding so many great Christian books to read that have helped me in my walk with God . This man , Myles Munroe has a lot to share with us here in America . The Kingdom Principles are really something we do n't understand as we are living in a nation that votes on everything.Mr.Munroe 's teaching helps us to see Jesus as the head of our true Kingdom and just what that means to us as citizens . Wow ... what a great deal we have . Just understanding the true meaning of knowing Jesus as LORD is a real eye-opener . Through this man 's teaching Scriptures will begin to be enlightened to you in a far deeper meaning and you will have a stronger walk with the Lord once you understand and begin to live under God 's Kingdom Principles . I highy recommend any books written by this great servant of the Lord . They will enhance your walk and give you a better understanding of your position as a citizen in God 's Kingdom . Excellent !
 Myles Munroe educates the reader what it is like to live in a kingdom . He correctly identifies most of us as not understanding this concept . For me , I now realize more accurately what Adam and Eve gave over to Satan . Further , Jesus came not only to pay a debt we could not pay , but to give us back our kingdom . This is a must read for Christians.Dr . Paulette E Anderson
 The book is a must read for anyone wanted to understand the kingdom mandate of scripture
 It has often been said that Christianity is a way of life and not a religion . That 's easy to say , but , at least in my life , it has been a daily endeavor to make this ` way of life ' a reality . However , all that changed when I read Kingdom Principles by Miles Munroe . Having grown up in a kingdom Dr. Munroe knows first hand the life of a kingdom citizen , something we Americans have yet to grasp . Dr. Munroe also knows what it really means to live in a kingdom . He is a gifted writer and explains the way a kingdom operates in a very practical and down to earth fashion . However , being completely candid , this book is not one to grasp in one setting . That being said , I would highly reccommend this book to every Christian and encourge them to invest the time required to come to a more complete knowledge of our Way of Life in the Kingdom of Heaven .
 ... so you had an encounter with the King , now what . You do n't fit in to religion with all it 's traditional trappings any more.This book will help you to sort things out . You will be set free to serve the King and His Kingdom .
 A + -LRB- This book says what the 1st book `` Rediscovering the Kingdom '' says , but he expands on it much more in this book . -RRB- Myles Munroe answers the ` what really is the Kingdom of God ? ' question we thought we knew before , but most never really did.He unveils what has always been in scripture but most of us have never seen nor understood before . It is exciting revelation to know what Jesus meant when he said `` the kingdom of God is near '' . This is well written and will open the eyes of those who are willing to see beyond what they already see and know . A must read for all hungry Christians . We 're buying more to hand out .
 This book will give you insight into the significance of what a kingdom is and how to serve the king . Excellent material for serious saints that will move you into another realm of wisdom and understanding regarding kingdom principles .
 A Burning Heart After GodThe principles and concepts outlined in the pages of Kingdom Principles is a must read for those sincerely looking to align themselves with the governmental influences regarding the heavenly kingdom . I have found the pages of this book more than entertainment but see the entire book as a sheer necessity in the mentality of my understanding the principles regulating God 's kingdom.The outlined principles found at the end of the chapters prove to be very intrumental in the regurgitation of the information inhaled . I am awaiting to finish reading the book just so I can pick it up and begin reading it again . This type of information is the type of information I want to be fully absorbed in . Kingdom Principles is an awesome book and I believe it is worthy of the time anyone would spend reading it .
 Myles Monroe has a gift of cutting through the religiosity of our cultural Christianity and revealing just why God came in the form of man to redeem us from the results of sin , thus returning us to the beneficial rights provided by the sacrifice . If you arent sure if you are a sheep or a goat , take the time to read this , for Heaven 's sake ! Or buy it for a pharasee you care about !
 Kingdom Principles
 Great study guide about the Kingdom and how God wants us to set up His Kingdom here on earth . God is our King and we are to rule under Him . This 40 day devotional will encourage and enlighten your life .
 Great Book and was enlightening because this book helps you understand your place in God 's Kingdom . Very inspirational and very good read .
 This book presents the Bible and the teachings of Jesus in a perspective that I have never considered before . After I read this book and then re-read the teachings of Jesus , I realize I was not fully understanding what He was saying . This book will change your life .
 Wow , what a great way to listen to a book . I enjoyed it so much . Talks about the Kingdom and how we are to have the Kingdom come to earth . Great way to listen and do our work at home at the same time.Recommend to all that are busy in the home and want some good listening tools .
 Every single book I 've ever gotten that was written by Myles Monroe has been great . This is another .
 Kingdom Principles
 This book changed my life . Perceptions are changed and hope is revived to higher levels than ever dreamed of .
 I found this book breathtaking and very informative . Talking about being squezzed Myles Monroe explains it just like it is . A Great Write .
 The teaching by Myles Munroe in this book is critical to the church -LRB- peoplewho beieve in Jesus and follow Him -RRB- . I personally do not belong to any denomination.This teaching helps to bring to pass the scripture which says `` whom the Son sets free is free indeed '' . Most church -LRB- denomination -RRB- leadersneed to get this sound doctrine into their teaching and lives.It will set them free from much erroneous religious doctrines.It would be good to be in the high schools of the world as well so that young people will have a proper foundation if they decide to follow Jesus .
 An important book for Christians and those investigating religions . It reaches into a neglected area of our religious teaching . However , it should be read as an addition to our knowledge and not as a narrowing of our focus .
 The `` Kingdom Principles Study Guide '' is designed as a supplement to Myles Munroe 's book `` Kingdom Principles '' and is made up of 40 lessons to be used over a 40 day period.Each daily lesson includes
 All of the Kingdom books by Myles Munroe are a must for anyone and everyone seeking the truth about the Kingdom of God
 This book was easy to read , easy to comprehend , and provided valuable indepth insight to the Kingdom of God . A must read for the highly educated and spiritual developed Christian , as well new converts . God intends to establish His Kingdom within each and every saint , without regard for the nature and structure of the influences of our Democratic Republic . He is the King and we are His subjects -LRB- absolute -RRB- . An excellent study . My people are destroyed for lack of knowledge
 This is an awesome book . It has truly been a life changing book for me . God has given him a revolutionary message to share with the Body of Christ , and if we implement in our lives , the principles that are in this book , we will see major breakthroughs manifest before our very eyes . Praise God for this message .
 This book is a continuation from Rediscovering the Kingom . I enjoyed the in depth teaching and have gain an understanding of my position as a kingdom citizen . I would recommend this book to anyone who wants to learn about the concept of kingdom mentality ! Great Book .
 Anything that Dr. Munroe writes is a blessing . His revelatory wisdom from God is awesome . I love him and pray that he stays in the throne room of God for more instruction for the Body of Christ .
 A long overdue publication of insights restored by Jesus to his followers . Ambassadors for Christ have advocated for the gospel of Evangelicalism or simply Christianity without presenting the kingdom restored to mankind . The doctrines of salvation , holy Spirit & holiness often skirt this message misleading converts & long-term believers into believing the kingdom of God is beyond the present . This book has confirmed the `` go ye '' message of the Savior & supports godly stewards appointed to return the earth to heavenly likeness.Confidence in our Lord 's life & teachings is strengthened ; likewise , taking up one 's cross & following Christ will no longer be considered Religion . Motivation to minister will become obedience once illuminated by these kingdom concepts .
 The book was in excellent condition , I have no complaints at all , it was everything I expected .
 What an amazing adventure , but what else would it be from Jack London . From the problems he had getting the ship built , gathering a crew , and learning to use a sextant as he leaves San Francisco Bay to sighting the clouds over Haleakala , and the harrowing exploits in the South Pacific , it 's a must read for all who love grand adventure . Great book .
 Well , I certainly do n't consider myself a book critic . I just want to share with the potential readers of this book with my thoughts . Rather than calling it a book I would rather consider it a collection of short stories , albeit the stories all took place during Jack London 's cruise on Snark which ended in the Solomon Islands . London was certainly a gifted writer and like all gifted story tellers he had a way of drawing the readers into the story as if you are a part of his crew on the Snark . I particulary enjoyed his last chapter titled `` Amature MD '' which is absolutely hilarious . I could not stop laughing throughout that story .
 If you like Jack London , you 'll love this book . It affords an opportunity to meet the man , travel with him , laugh and cry with him . I wish he 'd written more such books .
 I am a huge fan of all the Sharpe stories , and especially the audio books . This one was especially well done by a new reader.As to the book itself , I found it rather odd . This book has three parts , but unlike his other novels they are three separate , unrelated parts.Part 1 deals with a skirmish in which Sharpe is marooned and has to survive with an annoying superior . This is fine and good , and quite amusing in places.Part 2 deals with clandestine operations in Cadiz with Sharpe being involved to get things set right . Also a good part , and probably my favourite.Part 3 deals with the Battle of Barossa . This part is exceptionally well told and is one of his best battle depictions.The problem is that the three parts have virtually no linking between each other . The villain of part 2 only appears there and vanishes again , being handed off with two sentences in the last paragraph . The villain of part 1 also vanishes until the very end ... and there is little closure there.It 's like the author wrote three short stories and nailed them together with little relationship between them . Odd sequences such as the fire raft battle also seem stuck in and not very well fitted in.Overall , it 's a fine book , but the three parts of the book is confusingly disjointed .
 This is one of the more self-indulgent in the Richard Sharpe series about a roguish British rifleman during the Napoleonic wars . It could also have been more accurately titled `` Sharpe Gets Really P.O. ` ed , '' since that 's more or less the theme . It 's a boring period in the French siege of Lisbon , so Sharpe 's light company is detailed to escort a party sent to destroy a pontoon bridge near Cadiz , down in the corner of Spain . Things go wrong and the captain and five of his men are carried downstream on a runaway section of the bridge , have to flee farther south to avoid capture , and end up in blockaded Cadiz itself . Sharpe 's more fundamental talents are called on to help the governor recover some incriminating love letters , but Cornwell kind of leaves that section of the story hanging . Sharpe then takes his squad off to get involved in the Battle of Barrosa , just down the peninsula from town , in what he admits is not his fight . But the author wants to tell the story of Sir Thomas Graham , a real-life hero who humiliated the French with less than half as many troops , so there we are . The battle itself is described with Cornwell 's usual brio and close attention to important detail , but the book would n't have been long enough with just that -- hence the blackmail conspiracy . I 'm continually amazed that the French -- especially Napoleon , who was far from stupid in military matters -- never caught on that arraying their battalions in column instead of widespread lines prevented most of their troops from being able to fight at the same time . Had they adopted the British infantry line , to which they lost battle after battle , the French would probably have taken and held all of Europe . Anyway , we never do find out what happened to Lieut. Bullen , except that he 's apparently a POW at the end of the book . And I also have doubts that a brigadier would have been put in charge of such a small party on such a relatively minor errand .
 Sharpe 's Fury
 Bernard Cornwell writes fast . That 's nine parts good -- we get to read lots of his work -- and one part bad -- if we read his work fast , we find a bit of formula , a touch of repetition . And it 's difficult not to grab everything he does as soon as it 's out.He 's good.Historical fiction , if it 's action fiction , or military historical fiction , has a peculiar requirement.It is the fate of most soldiers , in any war , to spend the bulk of their campaign plodding along , watching the pack of the soldier in front of them . Eventually , they fight . But fights have small , furiously intense scenes , if the soldier wants to survive.My father , an Infantry officer from WW II , can tell you a great deal about WW II in Europe , along a path , as he says , three hundred miles long and three hundred yards wide.It would be difficult to write a novel about Waterloo from the point of view of an artillery battery commander who sees troops to his front , or not , fires , or not , is wreathed in blinding smoke , is frantically trying to make up gun teams as casualties mount , and wo n't know who won for at least a day . It would be a fascinating story , primarily for those whose ancestors have cocked the cannon for generations . But not for many others.Historical fiction protagonists must , to see the things and participate in the action that the story offers the reader , move across events , rather than along with them as a soldier in a column must.Cornwell is particularly good at this . His Sharpe character is involved in small-unit actions , is cut off behind enemy lines , is chosen for special independent missions either because he 's good at it or because the more socially connected in the Mess can do without him.In the run-up to the Battle of Assaye , Sharpe does not move with his regiment , but instead is assigned to aid and protect a wandering intelligence officer from the East India Company , thus taking him crosslots to the events of the period.In Cornwell 's Saxon chronicles , Uhtred has several things going on which would not be likely for the Saxon warriors . He has a small patrimony of land of which he should be chief but has been robbed of it by the Danes . He wants it back . He fights for Alfred against the Danes . He is sometimes given independent tasks taking him far from the center of power -- and back again . He is almost pathologically stubborn and defiant of authority . And Uhtred is not following the pack of the Saxon warrior in front of him , marching back and forth across England , trying to fend off the Danes.So , with Sharpe , and Uhtred , and the English archer in the Hundred Years War , Cornwell moves his characters across events , giving us clear , well-researched views of how the world of that time worked and looked.Cornwell 's characters are introspective , without losing the power of instantaneous decisiveness . Some of what they do appears ruthless , and from our -LRB- for now -RRB- more civilized viewpoint , unnecessarily cruel . But a moment 's thought will indicate that there was no other choice.In this case , Sharpe , left with a few Riflemen inside a besieged city for perfectly understandable reasons , becomes the point man for some serious intrigue . He hides , surveys , bribes , steals , kills and generally saves the part of the day which needed saving . His relationships with historical figures seem realistic.True to Cornwell 's practice , we see at least one small battle or raid , almost a military procedural , and then the book ends with a huge , decisive battle -- a real one -- in which Cornwell partly abandons Sharpe 's point of view to give the reader a broader view of the fight.It must be said that Cornwell loves the British soldier and , in this final battle , the author drops Sharpe altogether while he describes the fighting and the soldiers who struggle with such incredible courage.His practice of providing an afternote on the historical details he 's used in his books is invaluable . It demonstrates that , although he is fast , he works very hard at his craft.There is no reason to think he gets it wrong .
 Cornwell has produced another great novel with Sharpe and Harper . I somehow missed this one , it was the last of the Sharpe series that I had n't read . I do n't know where its possible for him to continue writing this series but I wish he would put out more !
 Loved the book ! Only thing I like more than Sharpe is Cornwell 's Starbuck Chronicles coveringe US Civil War . I wish he would get back to that series .
 Again Sharpe entertains and educates with a well thought out plot and great descriptive narrative.Just another in a long line of Cornwell epics .
 I have loved the Sharpe series but most of the recent ones have dealt with his early days in India instead of the Peninsular campaign which is where most of the story takes place . This book represents a return to the `` older '' stories and it is a welcome return.The story is of the siege of Cadiz and the battle of Barossa . It takes place shortly after the Talavera story in which Sharpe captured a French eagle . In Sharpe 's Eagle , Sharpe was credited with the first capture of a French standard . This story tells the story of the real first capture.While tasked to help blow up a bridge , a bumbling brigadier gets himself , Sharpe and his riflemen stuck on one of the pontoons drifting towards the sea . They make their way to Cadiz where the rump of the Spanish government is located . There , feelings are running high . Though the Spanish are now allied with the English , they are still bitter about their defeats when they were in opposition and mad about matters of Britain 's foreign policy . There is a faction that wants to come to a settlement with Napoleon and that faction is doing anything to discredit the British . In particular , they have their sights set on the British Ambassador , the brother of Gen. Wellington . They have some of his letters and are threatening to publish them and embarrass the government . Sharpe is detailed to help buy them back from the blackmailers or steal them if he must.Other matters are brewing as well . The British garrison is preparing to sally forth to hit the French in company with their Spanish allies . The problem is that the Spanish contingent is larger so the Spanish general is in overall command . He is a coward and an inept one at that . He manages to get his forces cut off and then , when battle is joined , refuses to fight . He lets the Brits and Portuguese do the fighting . It is a desperate fight which the allies have no hope of winning but then history , and this book , tell a different story.This is a good story and well worth reading .
 Bernard Cornwell is a superb historical novelist . In `` Sharpe 's Fury , '' the novel may be more satisfying if you read the `` Historical Note '' at the end of the book first . It is here that Cornwell describes his technique of taking the historical incident - the facts - and then outlines the embellishments he used to create the fictionalized story.The Battle of Barrosa Cornwell fictionalizes is really a historical footnote . But Cornwell 's genius is his ability to make history come alive , whether it is early Saxon England or the 19th Century Peninsular War.Cornwell 's vehicle is Richard Sharpe , a larger than life British thief turned soldier , the Duke of Wellington 's ambassador brother who becomes involved with a Spanish courtesan , a stuffy British brigadier , a nasty French colonel , a murderous priest and many other characters.Cornwell weaves his history into the fiction . An imaginary affair between Henry Wellesley -LRB- Wellington 's brother and ambassador to Spain -RRB- and a Spanish courtesan results in a blackmail plot using indisceet letters written by the ambassador.Sharpe is summoned , on the basis of his reputation for effective violence , to recover the letters . Cornwell builds a solid plot involving a murderous priest , an admiral hoping to restore the Spanish monarchy and the precarious relationship between Spain and England.There 's a bit of invented or retold action here that depicts the nature of early 19th Century European war and , frankly , it is interesting.But the real action is the Battle of Barrosa . It was of moderate scale
 The story was just what you 'd expect a Sharpe series story to be
 From his Saxon Chronicles to Agincourt to the Sharpe series -LRB- approximately 21 books long plus short stories -RRB- , Cornwell is a masterful writer of action and adventure . Richard Sharpe , a whore 's bastard raised in the rough London streets , starts out as an English private serving in India in 1799 , where he is flogged early on for trumped up charges . Despite his humble origins , one thing he excels in is fighting - he is a superb and lethal soldier - rising to the rank of sergeant . Fate brings him into contact on the battlefield with the future Lord Wellington , whose life he saves , earning him a commission to junior officer . This opens a whole new set of challenges , as he faces the distrust of his enlisted ranks and the disdain of his gentlemen officers . Sharpe 's adventures take him through the Napoleonic Wars in western Europe and promotions through the ranks to regimental commander . There is abundant action , politics , brutal violence , sex , complicated plot lines and studies in human nature , all written in with gripping prose and attention to historical and military detail . At the end of each story , Cornwell summarizes the actual history into which Sharpe 's adventures have been woven .
 I started reading the Sharpe series a few months ago in chronological order . I 've got nothing special to say except that , as usual , Bernard Cornwell is able to maintain in Sharpe 's Fury the same excellent quality presented in the previous books .
 This is another well written adventure in the Sharpe series which depict in an excellent fashion the British army and attitudes of both the officer class and the men of the army of this era . I enjoyed the realistic background that Bernard Cornwell has created for the continuing adventures of his hero , Sharpe . The battle scenes bring to vivid life the warfare of the Napoleonic era .
 This is Cornwell 's 21st novel in his Richard Sharpe series . This prolific author has published nearly 40 historical novels . All of them are excellent . They are excellent reads . They are excellent literary works . They are excellently researched.I love history . I love reading good historical fictions , based on real events . I love reading anything written by Cornwell . I especially love reading his series featuring Richard Sharpe , during the Napoleonic Wars.Why ? The writing is excellent . The story flows . The reader is eager to turn the pages . Three hundred plus pages pass by in mere hours with few breaks . The reader just wants to keep reading . One is drawn back into the past . One can feel the intrigue & smell the smoke of battle . BUT , besides that , Sharpe is a man other men aspire to be or become . List a whole plethora of positive values & they total Richard Sharpe.Loyal , humble , brave beyond measure , a great friend , up from the ranks , not pompous , not wordy , always willing to fight no matter the odds he faces , honest , loaded with common sense , & someone you want to have your back in any fight . Yet , he has his faults . He kills when he has to ; sometimes with a bit too much relish . He steals when he has to ; but , it always seems as if he 's stealing for a good cause . He usually spits in the face of authority & they usually deserve it ; yet , he can bend his knee to authority , when necessary.Sharpe is surrounded by a core group of supporting characters ; from the always feisty Irishman , Sgt. Harper , to the rest of his green jacketed riflemen & even including periodic appearances by the Duke of Wellington who seems to regard Sharpe as a friend while the rest of the officers look down their noses at Sharpe because he 's risen from the ranks & not born to privilege . I love character-driven novels . This recurring cast of characters in these Sharpe novels always add to my enjoyment . Cornwell is able to seamlessly add new characters into this group of regulars.This book again finds Sharpe in precarious situations , facing treachery & intrigue & then taking part in a battle where the British forces are vastly undermanned ; yet manage to win - with Sharpe & his men always having a major part in the victory .
 In my opinion , Bernard Cornwell 's Sharpe Series is one of the best examples of an historical novelist bringing the reader directly into the period and events of which he writes . I 've , in the past couple of months , read all but the final three in the 20 + novels and hate it when I finish each one know that I 'm coming to the end . But , I 'll just wait a bit and go back and read 'em again.Had a similar experience with Patrick O'Brian 's Aubrey/Maturin series.Interesting that both author chose to write mostly about the Napoleonic Wars .
 I stumbled on to the Sharpe series accidently . I have now read all 20 + and am working on the video series . The books are better , even though Sean Bean does a good job in the videos , he is not whom I pictured as Richard Sharpe . -LRB- Too short and too fair . -RRB- The books have some repetitive themes , the battle horrors , while accurate get a little tiresome when repeated so often , but then Cornwell did n't write them intending them to be read one after the other.As a history major I am very impressed with the research the author has done to make his novels so real . Tarring mustaches ! I 'd never heard of that . The action scenes are well written and the plots are mostly realistic , even though getting saved at the last minutes time after time stretches it . As I said , I 'm sure these books were not meant to be read back to back to back.In all , worth the effort .
 If you get up early in the morning for work , or to get the kids off to school , this book and other Cornwell books are not for you . They is are impossible to put down.They are proverbial page turners.My wife , here-to-fore , has been contented to read the `` classics '' ; all of the English writers and most Vampire novels . Butnow , she ca n't put the Sharpe series down . My only regret is that we did n't find out about Cornwell earlier . Excellent writer .
 Even though Captain Sharpe and Sergeant Harper are part of this plot , it 's quite evident that the true heroes of this story are the regular British soldiers . There is a sub-plot about some indiscreet letters , and the burning of fire rafts , but when it comes to the battle , the stars are the ordinary soldiers who chrarge up a hill against an entrenched enemy with overwhelming numerical superiority , and do n't stop until they have routed them . Our heroes are somewhat incidental to the battle action , and the author makes quite clear in his writing who is to be praised for this close-run victory . Sharpe has had his moments of glory ; it 's now the turn of the regular soldiers to be justly praised for their courage and dogged determination to succeed against all odds .
 Good fall asleep reading , except you keep wanting to read another chapter.Bernard Cornwell continues his story about Richard Scharpe . Richard Sharpe is a fictional character in the tradition of the Horatio Hornblower series by CS Forrester . Instead of following the rise of a Navy midshipman rising through the ranks of the British Navy -LRB- interestingly following a similiar path as Nelson -RRB- . Richard Sharp is a the soldier on the land directly fighting Napoleon . The story by itself is exciting and would be enough.For me the frosting on the cake is the way Bernard weaves the history into a fictional story . The reader comes away understanding Spain 's attitude towards France . The fear the French had for the Spanish gurella fighters . The tensions and anger between the Spanish governments and England.It 's also intrigueing to compare the foibles of a great man in the early 1800s and compare that with our political leaders today . I can imagine thier are men in Richard Sharpe 's situation cleaning up political and other indiscretions in our time as well.Richard Sharpe is similiar to an 18th Century James Bond , though the gadgets are replaced with a determination , viscousness and raw edge not seen in Roger Moore 's James Bond , that allows him to step across the grey areas of right and wrong . Instead focusing on staying alive and accomplishing a goal no matter how sordid or morally unclear.Enjoyed the book a great deal .
 another good one from cornwell . but he had to go into the past -LRB- of sharpe ` s -RRB- to do it . i hope he does one that will not go into sharpe ` s past . but ither way , we need more of shape
 Bernard Cornwell 's titanic Richard Sharpe series continues with its newest installment , `` Sharpe 's Fury . '' The novel breaks no new ground for fans of the Sharpe series , and yet offers some of the most poignant and moving tributes to the bravery of the British soldier - both ranker and officer - found in Cornwell 's novels . Sharpe does not get all the glory , but he gets his due . `` Sharpe 's Fury '' brings to the fore several of Sharpe 's main traits - he 's a devil in a fight , he 's carries a grudge with the best of them , and he 's a low-down rogue and thief to boot . Sharpe is enlisted by Sir Arthur Wellesley 's younger brother to do a bit of dirty work in the Spanish city of Cadiz ... the younger Wellesley , a diplomat , foolishly committed his adoration of a local high-class prostitute to paper , and several Spanish operatives are extorting the ambassador . Sharpe and Harper find themselves working with the sinister British agent Pumphrey to steal the letters back , and find themselves up against a villainous Spanish priest who is as dastardly as they come.Sharpe also finds himself pinned against the sea by the French army , and while Sharpe sees his time on the battlefield , it is here where Cornwell turns the story over to some real-life British heroes . The British soldiers are ostensibly under the command of a local Spanish general , but this general is an insult to the Spanish people and is content to proceed on his cowardly way . As a result , the British army is forced to fight against impossible odds at the battle of Barrosa , and in this hugely violent battle , the outnumbered British do their nation proud . Cornwell 's battlefield prose sings as only his can , and the thrills are matched only by the adoration with which Cornwell describes the valiant British army - cutthroats fighting alongside gentlemen - wage war against a vastly superior force.This book is a must for any fan of Richard Sharpe or Bernard Cornwell , and promises that Cornwell continues to fill in the gaps of the Sharpe narrative with spellbinding new additions .
 Another excellent adventure by Cornwell . It was another book I could n't put down . It is consistent with the other novels and as always full of historical details that give life to the story and characters . If you are a Sharpe fan you must get this book . I have everyone so far written and I look forward to more .
 Excellent read . It 's been a long time coming waiting for the new book on the Battle of Barrosa . Sharpe 's Fury is definitely a book that anyone can enjoy and maybe spark an interest in a little known history that shaped the world .
 Another great Sharpe chapter -- maybe not the best in the series , but still very satisfying .
 As usual excellent but aster 20 + novels it followes a typical pattern.I want to know how he became a rifelman ?????????
 I 've read all of the `` Sharpe '' novels by Cornwell and this is one of his finest works . The plot is ingenious , studded with interesting characters , intrigue , and - of course - the action scenes for which the author is justifiably famous . I literally could not put it down and read the book in one sitting . Highly recommended !
 As Cornwell explains in his always enlightening ` historical note ' he visted the Barrossa battlefield while on a personal trip to Spain and thus Sharpe and Harper were sure to follow.Sharpe 's Fury tells the tale of a crucial turning point in the Penninsular War against Napoleon 's armies - the 1811 Battle of Barrossa . Spain -LRB- or the Spain that was allied with Britain -RRB- was reduced to a foothold in Cadiz . The British won -LRB- with virtually no Spanish help -RRB- and a tide was turned . The battle also featured the first ` eagle ' -LRB- or cuckoo -RRB- taken by the British -LRB- Sharpe 's Eagle notwithstanding -RRB- . I 've read nearly all the Sharpe books -LRB- as well several other Cornwell novels -RRB- and I found Sharpe 's Fury to be every bit as good as any of the others -LRB- well , except maybe Sharpe 's Fortress , a personal favorite -RRB- . The book features an exciting retelling of a famous Napleonic battle with numerous real historical characters -LRB- Thomas Graham , Henry Wellesley , and Sgt. Patrick Masterson to name a few -RRB- and of course a beautiful and intelligent woman.Highly recommended for fans of Sharpe , historical action novels or the Napleonic wars .
 Something I 've enjoyed for a number of years is the pleasure of Mr. Cornwell 's Sharpes Rifles series . Recently I picked up Sharpes Fury to reacquaint myself with Mr. Sharpe and his erstwhile riflemen.To help everyone get on the same page , Sharpes Fury takes place during the siege of Cadiz and the battle of Barrosa -LRB- 1811 -RRB- . In this case , Mr. Sharpe and his riflemen aide a British gentleman in Cadiz ; then the British troops at Barrosa -LRB- after all , what would a Sharpe book be without Mr. Sharpe helping out in the battle -RRB- . For me , this was a solid 4.5 star book . As always , Mr. Cornwell is direct and to the point with his actions . Mr. Sharpe is the type of officer who enlisted men love and fellow officers either love or hate . He 's direct , brash , and unapologetic for his background or the way he is . This book does take a departure from the others in the series in that rather than having Mr. Sharpe command his company , Mr. Cornwell separates them and only permits Mr. Sharpe to have his trusty riflemen to fight the French -LRB- and yes , as always , one of the Frenchmen is a nemesis for Mr. Sharpe -RRB- . Interestingly , Mr. Cornwell does an excellent job capturing the relations between the Spanish and the British , showing it nicely with the actions by Sir Thomas Graham , Father Montseny , and General Lapena . I was also happy to see the return of Lord Pumphrey . While all of this makes for an excellent read , I have a hard time raising this to 5 stars and reluctantly have to give it 4 stars . Btw , for those not familiar with the series , Mr. Cornwell 's story is true to the history except where Mr. Cornwell documents it in the Historical Notes chapter at the end . Also , as with any in the Sharpes series , you do n't have to read any of the predecessor books . This is pure , simple , and good fun that should be enjoyed with a nice brandy after a long day .
 Several years ago I began reading Sharpe books aloud to my dyslexic husband . At the time , I was less than excited by military stories of any sort , but love makes you do all sorts of strange things , and over time I have become a fan of both Sharpe and his creator , Bernard Cornwell . `` Sharpe 's Fury '' is a solid entry in the series , a fast-moving and enjoyable read . However , it is not a typical Sharpe book . Instead of being in the thick of battle , Sharpe observes from the fringes -- which is probably fitting since , as Cornwell points out in his historical note , Sharpe should not have been at Barrosa.Even if he 's not rampaging across the battlefield , Sharpe still has something to do -LRB- retrieving some indiscreet letters -RRB- , and still manages to leave destruction in his wake.As much fun as it is to watch Sharpe blow things up and bed pretty girls , it is n't until the last hundred pages that we get to the real meat of the story . Cornwell is a master of describing the bloody chaos of the battlefield and there was plenty of both blood and confusion at Barrosa . It is particularly fitting that the capture of a French eagle by Sergeant Patrick Masterson be included as Masterson 's real life exploits helped inspire the character of Sharpe .
 I am sad . `` Sharpe 's Fury '' was my last Sharpe novel . I 'd read the others in more or less chronological order , then gone back to read this , the most recently published and inserted midway in the series.For me , there will be no more Sharpe wenches . There will be no more craven aristocrats , in commands they do n't deserve , plotting Sharpe 's demise , nor more admirable officers Sharpe and other men would follow through the gates of hell.There will be no more moments where the Napoleonic Wars hang in the balance , no more Sharpe treasures plundered or lost , no more intrigues with French spies.There will be no more riveting battle scenes , drawn in enough detail for the military buff but clearly enough for the novice to follow , with the human element so dramatically but naturally woven into the scene 's fabric.And no more chestnuts pulled out of the fire by Richard Sharpe , one of fiction 's greatest soldiers , raised from the gutter to find the only thing he does well - fight . I feel a grief similar to that felt when finishing the Jack Aubrey series by Patrick O'Brian . In this episode Sharpe and Harper , on a patrol near the border of English-controlled Portugal and French-held Spain , are separated with a few men and an injured brigadier , and end up in Cadiz , the only part of Spain not taken by France.The British ambassador there , Henry Wellesley - brother of Lord Wellington - is embroiled in scandal . The love letters he wrote to a dubious woman are being made public by unknown enemies . Called in to handle the matter , threatening as it does England 's delicate relations with Spain , is Pumphrey , the fey Foreign Office spy . Sharpe , available for the moment , is detailed to do what it takes to get the letters back - to guard Pumphrey in his meetings with blackmailers , or to steal them back if need be.There are lots of good things in this book , probably the last Sharpe novel Cornwell will write . Sharpe 's low background is brought to the fore
 I am a big Sharpes fan and have read everyone of the series . This one would not qualify as the best but is part of a long line of very well researched and written stories .
 Joyce Carol Oates 's new book for teens has a long title and it really does sort of give away the ending . Although , the ending is probably not the most important , rather the journey and its twists and turns.Jenna is in a tragic accident with her mother on the Tappan Zee Bridge . Her mother and the driver of the other car are killed , leaving Jenna a survivor , but at what cost ? The circumstances of the accident are unclear . What Jenna does remember leads her to believe she might have been responsible.As Jenna struggles to recover from her injuries , she lives in a drug-induced haze . Her father , who remarried years ago , has a new family . Jenna certainly does n't feel welcome in his home , so she 's told she will be living with an aunt and uncle . Her mother 's house is sold and her new home comes complete with two cousins , a new school , and the sometimes nosey concern of a small town.Attempting to cope with new surroundings and the death of her mother sends Jenna into a tailspin of emotions . She meets new friends , but gravitates to those who help her forget with pills and alcohol . An accidental overdose lands Jenna in the emergency room and under the care of a therapist . Despite the care and concern of her caregivers , her life continues to spin out of control.Finally there is the arrival of Crow with his dark and mysterious side . Jenna finds she can talk to Crow about things she ca n't say to anyone else . Does he care about her ? Does he have the answers to get her back on track?AFTER THE WRECK , I PICKED MYSELF UP , SPREAD MY WINGS , AND FLEW AWAY captured me right from the start . Jenna 's struggle felt authentic and true . I was touched by her pain and sensitive to her attempts to move on , only to drift back into confusion . Oates definitely outdoes herself with this one.Reviewed by
 Jenna 's life is divided into before and after the wreck
 I love Oates and bought this for myself but soon realized it was written more for teens , though I did enjoy it . Gave it to my 14 year old niece and she LOVED it !
 If you have ever known a teenager who sullenly withdraws into herself , begins doing poorly at school , denies cutting classes , drinks , lies , steals , and `` accidentally '' OD 's on Christmas Eve -- then you might recognize Jennifer Abbot , the 15-year-old protagonist in Joyce Carol Oates ' young adult novel , After the Wreck , I Picked Myself Up , Spread My Wings , and Flew Away.After Jenna 's mother is killed in a freak car accident in which Jenna is severely injured , she is left feeling guilty -LRB- the accident must have been her fault -RRB- and angry -LRB- rehab is painful , her house is sold to pay for the medical bills , her teachers and friends feels sorry for her -RRB- and powerless -LRB- she has to move to New Hampshire to live with her aunt - there is nowhere else for her to go -RRB- . Her father , who abandoned the family years earlier for a new wife and family , is of no help and Jenna 's bitterness towards him fuels the flame of her anger and despair.In her loneliness , Jenna finds acceptance from ` Trina , a bulimic teen who befriends Jenna , but also uses her . A dramatic scene at a party gone bad shows Jenna the direction in which she is heading . Although the reader only sees him briefly , Jenna 's one true friend is a young man nicknamed `` Crow '' who speaks words of truth that resonate in Jenna 's heart . His own traumatic experiences -LRB- including his brother 's death , living with a father who is an injured Vietnam vet , and his own accidents -RRB- enable him to come alongside of her and provides the exact help that she needs -- a firm hand that pulls her out of her fears and self-incrimination and pushes her to move on with her life.Oates use of symbolism is powerful . When you read this book , be aware of how birds and bridges are important in the story . I would recommend this to older teens -LRB- there are some sexual references in the book , although nothing explicit -RRB- and adults . Parents who are struggling to understand their own teen or the effects of peer pressure might better appreciate the iceberg underneath the surface of a teen 's `` whatever '' faade after reading this book .
 Jenna Abbott was just a normal girl living a normal life , until the wreck happened . Nothing was the same after the wreck as before it -- Jenna 's friends , her home , even her own self . She has been irrevocably changed , whether she likes it , or wants to admit it , or not . She 's really only a shell of the girl she once was , clinging desperately to distant memories of happiness even though she 's on the verge of completely losing it . She ca n't trust anyone , ca n't let herself trust anyone , even her own family . And then Jenna meets Crow , who 's got secrets of his own . Jenna finds that she can open herself up to him , but will this put her on the path of redemption and self forgiveness , or will she continues down the ugly road of self-destruction ? In this emotional and moving story , Oates explores the trail of damage that death causes and the fragile strength required to rise about it.Most of this story can be summed up with its lengthy title , After the Wreck , I Picked Myself Up , Spread My Wings , and Flew Away , because that is , in essence , what Jenna struggles with doing and eventually accomplishes . I really appreciated Oates ' sometimes simplistic writing style because it so effectively conveyed Jenna 's thoughts , emotions , and delusions . It 's from this style of writing that I was able to truly grasp how damaged Jenna was by the wreck , and it caused my heart to go out to her . There is something so fragile and delicate about Jenna 's character that makes the reader want to protect and take care of her , but at the same time , Jenna 's nature does not permit this type of babysitting . I loved how complex Jenna was and how she struggled to distinguish between dream and reality , because I feel this is an issue many of us also struggle with , although not necessarily on so desperate a scale as Jenna . After the Wreck , I Picked Myself Up , Spread My Wings , and Flew Away is an emotional journey and moving tale about death , forgiveness , and everlasting friendship.This novel is one of those that you want to take your time reading to fully understand . It ranks up with other novels on the same topic such as Thirteen Reasons Why by Jay Asher , Freeze Frame by Heidi Ayarbe , and Saving Zo by Alyson Nol .
 Joyce Carol Oates 's new book for teens has a long title and it really does sort of give away the ending . Although , the ending is probably not the most important , rather the journey and its twists and turns.Jenna is in a tragic accident with her mother on the Tappan Zee Bridge . Her mother and the driver of the other car are killed , leaving Jenna a survivor , but at what cost ? The circumstances of the accident are unclear . What Jenna does remember leads her to believe she might have been responsible.As Jenna struggles to recover from her injuries , she lives in a drug-induced haze . Her father , who remarried years ago , has a new family . Jenna certainly does n't feel welcome in his home , so she 's told she will be living with an aunt and uncle . Her mother 's house is sold and her new home comes complete with two cousins , a new school , and the sometimes nosey concern of a small town.Attempting to cope with new surroundings and the death of her mother sends Jenna into a tailspin of emotions . She meets new friends , but gravitates to those who help her forget with pills and alcohol . An accidental overdose lands Jenna in the emergency room and under the care of a therapist . Despite the care and concern of her caregivers , her life continues to spin out of control.Finally there is the arrival of Crow with his dark and mysterious side . Jenna finds she can talk to Crow about things she ca n't say to anyone else . Does he care about her ? Does he have the answers to get her back on track?AFTER THE WRECK , I PICKED MYSELF UP , SPREAD MY WINGS , AND FLEW AWAY captured me right from the start . Jenna 's struggle felt authentic and true . I was touched by her pain and sensitive to her attempts to move on , only to drift back into confusion . Oates definitely outdoes herself with this one.Reviewed by
 Fifteen-year-old Jenna Abbott just knows she 's to blame for the accident that killed her mother . As far as she 's concerned , she should 've died , too . The horrific injuries upon waking are only the beginning . For a while , she can escape everything by going `` into the blue . '' Soon enough , she faces reality
 When my wife bought this book I was intrigued . I was one of those guys who thought that it was up to mothers to drive their kids back and forth to and from sports , pack snacks and fundraise but that was about it . After reading Home Team Advantage , I realized I was dead wrong
 We all hear about the sports moms who spend most of their time chasing after and picking up their kids . But what IS the role of all those mothers of kids in youth sports?In HOME TEAM ADVANTAGE
 I heard author De Lench talking on NPR national radio last week about this book and all of the work she has done -LRB- is doing -RRB- with preventing catastrophic injuries and death of kids in youth sports . I had no idea what I was in store for when I read the book . In fact her advice may just save my kids lives . And , the chapter on Preventing Child Abuse in youth sports is another must read . Again , I now know that the hollering that one coach does to my 6 year old and his team mates is downright abuse . Better yet , I know -LRB- from her lessons -RRB- how to advocate for my kids to keep them emotionally safe and physically sound . I found her chapter on how to start a new team to be FABULOUS ! Bravo-De Lench-You go girl ! Kids were being excluded so she rallied her parent pals and started their own all-inclusive group with rules that we all would die for -- no bad mouthing eachother , open dialog with the coaches , all kids play the same amount of time -LRB- coaches kids included -RRB- , etc.The chapter on Politics is a must read ! And , the one on parenting/coaching girls and theother on how to parent boy athletes is very interesting.The only folks who wo n't love this book are the bad coaches who are nervous that we all will become so well educated that they may lose their coaching jobs .
 As a mother of two sports-active children and a school nurse my reaction after reading this book was , `` It 's about time ! '' First , it is the first sports parenting book I have read written by a mother specifically for sports mothers . Second , no other book of its kind is as well-researched -LRB- just one look at the twenty-page long bibliography shows that the author has really done her homework ! -RRB- . Third , it is covers all the bases and discusses all the hot button issues -LRB- cutting , elite teams , early specialization , how to talk to a coach etc. -RRB- . It gives moms practical advice in clear , concise , easy-to-read terms on how to make her child 's sports experience safe and fun-filled -LRB- as a nurse , I was particularly impressed with the chapter on safety -RRB- . But , fourth , and most importantly , it looks at the crisis in youth sports - the win-at-all costs attitude , the cutthroat competition for spots on elite and high school teams , the epidemic of overuse injuries , the rising tide of physical , emotional and sexual abuse of youth athletes - in a new way . Instead of seeing parents as the problem , de Lench sees parents , particularly mothers , as the solution . She argues , convincingly in my view , that if more mothers were coaches , more mothers were on boards of directors , the culture of youth sports would change for the better . This book just may be the `` Call to Arms '' that sports mothers need .
 This book is a `` must read '' for any parent whose child is involved in youth sports at any level . It is really like a survival guide and was full of some great advice and ideas that made alot of sense . It makes life easier too when you know that you are not alone in a particular situation , as there obviously needs to be some serious reform in high school sports in my opinion . Ms. de Lench deserves alot of praise for tackling this difficult issue head on and gives many of us parents out there a much needed voice !!
 i got this for my wife . she is already very involved and i thought this would do 2 things ; confirm her hard work and appreciation from both our kids and their teammates , myself and other parents by showing how important she is ; and possibly give her some additional ideas and support from other moms who put so much time and energy into their kids activities -LRB- not limited to sports but things like band , scouts , and other things -RRB- . we are already doing a lot of things in the book and it is nice to see that she is contributing to the lives of not just our kids , but many others . this would be a great book for someone with small children just getting into sports or other activites to give some insight on what to really expect as far as time and committment , but also what a truly important role you can play in the developement of your children . you ca n't beat the price and it shipped very quick .
 As a professional who has worked with hundreds of youth athletes , I can tell you that there is much more than what meets the eye in your child 's participation in sports . The author leaves nothing out and has filled out my knowledge of what a young athlete goes through , how they think , and how we as adults can best help them use sports as a vehicle for growth and learning.I have read a lot of books in this genre and Home Team Advantage is by far my favorite . I refer to it often.Craig Sigl , the teen mental toughness trainer
 This is an exceptionally well-produced and well-organized book which oozes quality and is a joy to read . If you need a reference or a bearing for understanding what youth sports is all about and what it should do to encourage and develop your child , this is it . If you are looking for one book to cover it all , provide insight , and suggest ways to make the sports experience positive , this is the book you need . If you have been stunned by the neanderthal tactics of your team 's coach or wonder what is wrong with the youth sports picture in the US , also buy a copy of `` Just Let the Kids Play '' by Bigelow , Moroney and Hall .
 This was an exciting , intelligent thriller . My response to the many negative reviewers is that a prior knowledge of Jewish mysticism helps understand the premise of the novel . Having studied Jewish mysticism , I found the plot extremely plausible , and therefore much more frightening . I loved this book because I could n't put it down , but also because of its unique premise . It also came across as very authentic , right down to the Yiddish words and phrases . A great , fun , enlightening reading experience .
 After picking this book up on a whim , I found it to be interesting , well written , and fun . It moves along as quickly as a Dan Brown or Clive Cussler mystery/adventure . There 's enough description of real places and things that as you read , you learn a few things along the way . Between the characters and all the action , this is one of those books that 's hard to put down .
 A series of murders are happening all over the world . The slums of India , New York and the beautiful city of Cape town in South Africa . They can not possibly be linked can they?New York Times reporter Will Monroe thinks not , that is until his stunning wife Beth is kidnapped . The men who have taken her seem ready to kill without any qualms whatsover . Is it already too late for Beth?Desperate to fine the whereabouts of his wife Will follows a sinister trail that leads him to a mysterious cult , fanatical followers of an age old religion . Now he must unravel the puzzle of ancient prophecies and riddles that are buried deep in the bible to find the secret that people are not afraid to kill for again and again.With more and more victims dying the clues that are wrapped in an ancient code need to be solved as time as running out ... not only for Will , but for the whole of human kind.I found this book far better than the Da Vinci Code -LRB- and I enjoyed that -RRB- . The book is fast paced and it is difficult to find a lull in the plot where you can put it down to get some sleep . It really is an enjoyable book . Feeding off the Da Vinci Code bandwagon ? Possibly , to a degree , but well worth reading in it 's own right . Like me , you may even think it is the better book .
 Whilst obviously written in the wake of The Da Vinci Code ... complete with a pseudonym that sounds remarkably similar , I still thought it was a good yarn.I was surprised at the fact that Will 's life at one point , depended on a simple test to see if he was Jewish , that was by no means fool proof ... but all in all an absorbing story.I enjoyed the Jewish history , the characters AND the plot ... it 's a fictional novel for goodness sake ... if you want to read fact you need a different section of the library !
 Sam Bourne 's `` The Righteous Men '' features Will Monroe Jr. , a journalist in his late twenties who is married to a beautiful psychiatrist named Beth . British-born Will is delighted to have landed a prestigious job at the New York Times , where he hopes to swiftly make his mark . Although he is a graduate of Oxford with a special interest in economics , his current assignment , a murder in Brooklyn , is far removed from his area of expertise . It seems that an unknown assailant repeatedly stabbed a forty-three year old black male and well-known pimp named Howard Macrae . Little does Will know that this seemingly mundane crime marks the beginning of an incredible odyssey that will change his life.To all outward appearances , the victim was what he appeared to be
 Will Monroe is the new kid on the block at the New York Times . Born in England of an American father and English mother , educated at Oxford , and now happily married to his medical doctor wife , Beth , Will is ready to make his mark.Then fate intervenes . A pimp in the Bronx is murdered . In covering the story Will hears a phrase that will later haunt him . The pimp , Harry Macrae , was a sinner-yet at the same time he was the most righteous man people who knew him had ever known . The story gives Will Monroe his first front page-and earns him the jealousy of more senior reporters.Will is sent out of town on an assignment that appears to be a wild goose chase-until he digs deeper and finds that the murdered Washington State militia man was also called a righteous man by the doctor who was the only one that knew he had secretly donated a kidney.Then Will 's wife Beth is kidnapped by people who want him to stop probing into the connections between these and other men all uniquely termed `` righteous '' who are being murdered all over the world . Beth will be safe , but Will must leave things alone , and not contact any authorities . Will finds himself calling on an ex-lover with a knowledge of the Hassidic community and a college friend who is a computer whiz to try to find out what 's going on-and what he can do to get his wife back.Bourne creates a compelling story with plot twists in almost every chapter . From Will 's judge father , whom he know only from summers spent at Sag Harbor , to the new executive editor of the Times who is an evangelical Christian , to the Rabbis of Covenant Heights , the reader is treated to a cast of colorful characters who throw out red herrings left and right.Armchair Interviews says
 I disagree that this book is a Da Vinci Code knock-off . In actuality , the only thing it has in common with Da Vinci is its religious theme.Sam Bourne tells a very good story here . Do n't compare it to anything else , and you will thoroughly enjoy this book .
 Will Monroe , a New York Times reporter , discovers a link between two murders in New York and Montana . Then his wife is kidnapped because of what he knows . His investigation brings him in the heart of the jewish orthodox community , where he learns a lot about the kabbala , the end of the world and the lamed vav , the 36 righteous men.I give the book 4 stars because for once this is a religious thriller that has nothing to do with Mary Magdalene or Jesus Christ . Thank God ! You also learn a lot about judaism and the story of the lamed vav is very interesting . It is a nice read.But ... some things are just too good to be true . Is n't it a coincidence that Will 's ex-girlfriend is jewish ? And that his best friend is a computer expert ? Not ! The end is also incredibly predictable . When you have read half of the book , you will know how the book is going to end.Nonetheless , people who liked The Da Vinci code will like this book . I know I did .
 Okay here 's the deal . I 'm a professional comedian who travels the world . I was on a flight from London to New York this past Saturday , and I was browsing through the bookstore at Heathrow when I saw this book . Knowing nothing about the book or its author , I decided to take a chance and reluctantly plunked down 7 pounds -LRB- almost $ 14 ! -RRB- to have something to read on the plane . Boy , am I glad I did ! I literally could not put the book down , and fortunately I was able to finish it before the flight ended -LRB- I am extremely fast reader -RRB- . It 's rare that I want a flight to last longer but that was the case with this book ! It was absolutely riveting and filled with tension and never dragged like many other books . Also , this author really knows how to write , and fortunately there were no grammatical errors as one often finds in many books today.I thought this was going to be a ripoff of The Da Vinci Code , and certainly the cover might lead you to believe so , but this is a phenomenal story that , although religiously based , is completely different . It was also quite educational to me about Hasidic Jews . I live in New York City and see these guys running around all the time , and now I understand them a lot better.I looked online to see what other books this author has written and was disappointed to find that this is his first novel . I 'm anxiously awaiting another novel by this gentleman and hope that he comes out with something else soon . I 'm going to heartily recommend this book to all of my friends . A heartfelt thanks to the author for making me forget that I was on a long airplane ride .
 This book was a very pleasant surprise as it was plotted well and the story kept this reader in suspense with numerous twists existing . Will Monroe is a fledgeling reporter for the New York Times who receives a call concerning the death of a pimp in New York City . As he delves into the death , our protaginist realizes that there is much more to this murder than what appears on the surface . Without going into the detils of the story , other deaths begin tking place in various cities around the Globe . The job of this reporter is to find the common thread which connects these deaths . It takes him to various areas in the State of New York and he becomes involved with religious fanatics . This may seem like a ripoff of the Da Vinci Code , yet this book stands on its own . Although the development of characters is weak and the reality of some of this story is far fetched , the book is certainly well worth the read .
 Similarities to Da Vinci Code do exist in this book , however , the plot is much lighter - despite what it says on the jacket cover . Instead of an inside tour through Catholicism , we have an inside tour through Hasidic life , which I found fascinating . The plot was woven enough that the ending was a bit of a surprise , although one knew with all the pointing of fingers , that the ending would not be what was expected . Character development was good . I enjoyed this book very much and look forward to other books by the author .
 Before reading ` The Righteous Man ' , I must admit I had low expectations . Perhaps the similarity of the book 's cover to those of ` The Da Vinci Code ' and ` Angels and Demons ' prompted me to assume that this would merely be a poorly written novel , attempting to cash in on the success of Dan Brown 's library.However , having just finished reading this book , I can honestly say that it has easily surpassed any book I have read in recent years , including the book that everybody seems to compare this to
 Many before either loved this book or just did n't like it for a variety of reasons . I have had the book for sometime , but just picked it up to read because the primise seemed intriguing . I was right about that for me . I learned a lot about the Hasidic Jews , New York , and the legend of lamad vav . For that alone was worth the read . I now wonder `` who are the 36 ? '' .
 I enjoyed THE RIGHTEOUS MEN , for all the Hassidic cultural things the author got right , but one not familiar with Kabbalistic Judaism would miss . Like the DeVinci Code , or The Red Tent -- fictionalizing religious worlds involves arcane vocabulary that requires exposition ; necessary narratives that slow the action down . It 's tough to pull off , but I think it 's done well here . The legend of the 36 Righteous is a good `` what if '' , but the way they were found -- gamatria codes , was a stretch ; but hey -- it was a stretch consistent with the context . All-in-all , an entertaining read that highlights the joy and kindness within the Crown Heights world .
 I loved this book to the extent of recommending it to friends and a book club . Very intriguing .
 I really enjoyed this . I am sorry butI do have to compare it the the DaVinci Code . I like learning about the 36 righteous men . It held my interest to the end . It gave me something to read and I wondered what would happen next . I rarely read these kind of books . I usually read women 's fiction . But , I like the delving into the kabbalah and the righteous men . Something I do n't know anything about . Maybe , because I am jewish it held my interest . And you never hear anything about the ultraorthodox -LRB- Chabad -RRB- .
 Will Monroe , a rookie journalist for The New York Times , is trying his best to impress his superiors and his colleagues . His first assignment , `` your garden variety gangland killing '' will not make the front page unless he makes it into a bigger story.Will digs deeper in an effort to find something interesting , something newsworthy , and something that will get Will 's name on the front page of The New York Times . Will Monroe gets his front page , but at what cost?Howard Macrae , the person who is now the corpse lying , covered in a blanket , on the dirty streets of Manhattan is not what he seems . To everyone who was acquainted with him , he was a pimp , an exploiter and a user of women . But to one woman , perhaps the one who knew him better than anyone else , he was a saviour , a righteous man.Will Monroe is intrigued by Howard Macrae 's story , but does not think much more of it . Howard Macrae was only his means of getting that front-page slot . His next assignment , the death of Pat Baxter , considered by most to be a Unabomber , seems similar to the previous case ; Pat Baxter , a man who had a dangerous and militant reputation was not what most people perceived him to be . He was another righteous man.Will Monroe stumbles across more and more of these ` Righteous Men ' and becomes buried deeper into a world that is dangerous for him and all who care for him.The Righteous Men is a wonderfully fast-paced tale set , in a well-researched religious backdrop . Every character that emerges is pivotal to the plot and their own predicaments usually only add to what turns out to be , for Will Monroe , a race against time to solve the clues and save the person most dear to his heart.Of course , books of this type will inevitably be compared to The Da Vinci Code -LRB- I am sure The Righteous Men will do as much for the Hassidic religion as its counterpart has done for Opus Dei -RRB- . But The Righteous Men stands on its own as a very enjoyable thriller that may not have you guessing to the very end , but will certainly let you to enjoy the ride .
 The clarity and substance of the collection is excellent . I have enjoyed every minute of the recordings , more than onceThamk You
 Some things are well worth waiting for and Edward P. Jonses 's follow-up to his Pulitzer Prize winning debut novel `` The Known World '' -LRB- 2003 -RRB- is most assuredly one of them . Once again he uses short story formats to illuminate and make memorable his characters , ordinary people , really , but to the reader they are unforgettable . This author 's evocation of black life in America is incomparable.The 14 stories that comprise `` All Aunt Hagar 's Children '' are set in Washington , the city where Jones was raised and now lives . He opens with `` In The Blink of God 's Eye , '' the story of Ruth and Aubrey , a young couple in their late teens and recently married . Ruth does not always rest well in `` godforsaken Washington '' while Aubrey `` always slept the sleep of a man not long out of boyhood . '' One night when Ruth was wakeful she went out in back where she found a baby tied in a bundle hanging from a tree limb . Thus , she thought Washington was `` a city where they hung babies in night trees . `` As is his wont Jones treats readers to the earlier lives of his characters , rendering them all the more accessible and sympathetic . This is especially true in `` Resurrecting Methuselah '' in which we meet Anita Channing who sits by the bedside of Bethany , her ill daughter . She sits in a wooden chair built a century and a half ago by a former slave . Anita 's husband , Percival , is serving in Okinawa , where he spends much time with a prostitute , Sara Lee . When Percival discovers he has breast cancer he calls Anita and asks her to come to him . She reaches Honolulu , a stopover in her flight , where she has an opportunity to look back on her childhood and wonder what the future holds for herself and her child . `` All Aunt Hagar 's Children '' concludes with `` Tapestry , '' another story of a young couple , Anne and George , marrying and leaving their rural roots behind . George is a porter on a train , the train that carries them to Washington . As the train slows close to its destination Anne whispers , Mama , Papa , `` I 'm a long way from home . `` For this reader that was the gist of all of these marvelous stories , people seeking a better life a long way from home.Jones is such an incredibly gifted writer , his prose is succinct , true , impeccably crafted . Reading his work is not only a pleasure but a privilege as well . - Gail Cooke
 Reviewed by Joanna Pearson for Small Spiral NotebookSince the 2003 publication of his novel The Known World , Edward P. Jones has picked up the occasional award -- a MacArthur here , a Pulitzer there -- but had there been any doubt about his place in the pantheon , his new book of short stories , All Aunt Hagar 's Children , secures it . Taken as a whole , Jones 's works -LRB- including his 2004 short-story collection Lost in the City -RRB- do for 20th-century Washington , D.C. , what Joyce 's Dubliners did for Dublin
 In his second book of short stories , Edward P. Jones does a wonderful job of chronicling the African-American experience in All Aunt Hagar ' Children . Just as Lost in the City did , Jones brings to life a city that is hardly ever written about , Washington , D.C. , and uses fourteen tales to describe circumstances that include life inside of homes full of love , and those without and those that are wealthy and those that are struggling.Jones ' depictions are as real as it gets , thoroughly describing life for Blacks fleeing an angry South to a new beginning in their first experience of living an `` urban '' American life from the early 1900 's all the way to the mid-twentieth century and the loneliness it may sometimes bring . For example , `` In the Blink of God 's Eye '' is about a newlywed couple that moves from Virginia to Washington , D.C. From the way Jones writes , the reader would assume that the couple traveled all the way to Washington State , because that is just how much home was missed for the young bride and how far away it seemed to her . In the title story , `` All Aunt Hagar 's Children '' , a hopeless young man aspires to go to Alaska to hunt for gold but in the meantime , spends his days helping a neighbor solve the mystery of how her son was murdered while also dodging an ex-girlfriend that he perceives to be angry.Overall , this reader really enjoyed Jones ' ability to tell a story but at times , wanted it to be longer and did not feel that the short story version could give these stories justice . At other times , the story was just long enough to get to know the characters and get a meaning out of the story that could resonate . Avid readers of Edward P. Jones will definitely want to add this collection to their libraries and will pick their favorites within All Aunt Hagar 's Children.Reviewed by Lena WillisAPOOO BookClub
 This collection of stories really has depth and insight . Edward P. Jones writes about the black community in Washington D.C. with great compassion and understanding . There is considerable heartbreak here , but it is presented with such sensitivity and authenticity that it is hard to put down . Jones needs to get some more awards with this one . It is beautifully crafted literary work that deals with the real world .
 I have read and agree with the other reviews posted thus far and see no need to outline the individual stories -LRB- as was well done below -RRB- . I have a few comments . AN interesting comparison between this collection and Peter Taylor 's `` The Widows of Thornton '' is worth exploring . The latter work , also by a Pulitzer Prize winner of a previous generation -LRB- Taylor was a professor at UVA -RRB- , also deals with family issues that developed as the new South was being created . The widows were the women , left behind by their men of business who ventured forth into the new economy , who wrestled with preserving the values , traditions and social structure of the post-cival war south in the face of a rapidly changing modern world . Like the current work , Taylor 's characters often find refuge in the dying home of Thorton TN . Taylor addresses race and socioeconomic issues , but from a white experience . Taylor 's prose is very subtle and challenging , like the present work . Relationships change subtly overtime as lives unfold before us in ways that the characters could not forsee.Jones , in addition to dealing with the generations spanning the old home -LRB- the deep south -RRB- and the new home -LRB- Washington , DC -RRB- , addresses the additional issue of displacement , broken families , crime , drugs , adultery and alienation of an entire race made worse by physical displacement during the great migration . Like Taylor 's Tennesee families , Jone 's families face new challenges and experience great divides between generations . Whereas Taylor 's world is white and well to do , Jones ' world is mixed and often delves into the beginings and origins of the underworld that grew in the ghettos of this city that offered hope and bitter dissapointment.Unlike Richard Wright , Jones does not deal mainly in anger . Like Wright , Jones explores alienation in its many forms . The reader is left with little hope for the future as the great strength is rooted in the past and in the south . Many of the stories do n't end , per se , but just stop and the characters are left to face an uncertain future . As all good writers , Jones draws the reader in and by identifying with the characters in the stories you experience at a deeper level and beyond words what the author intends to convey.I found many of the stories very dense in that you best not blink or let your mind wander for you can become lost very easily . This is not a simple work of prose . I read and reread many of the stories and was fatigued at times . However , it was a rich and rewarding experience of having been , in some way , part of Jones ' world , feeling the complex emotions and living these lives . I must come back to this book some day.Read slowly , and enjoy
 According to Hebrew legend -LRB- see chapters 16 and 21 of Genesis , the first book of the Torah -RRB- , Sarah was the wife of Abram , and Hagar was the servant of Sarah . It was a Middle Eastern custom in those times that a wife could give her slave to her husband and the child thus conceived would be counted as the child of the wife . The child born to Hagar and Abraham was given the name Ishmael.In Edward P. Jones 's new collection of 14 short stories , `` all Aunt Hagar 's children '' refers to the descendants of slaves , or , in the context of the present work , to African Americans , most of whom live in or near Washington , D.C. , who try to `` put more and more distance between themselves and the legacy of slavery . `` Jones , an African American , has impressive credentials as a writer . He won the Pulitzer Prize for The Known World
 There is no one else like Edward Jones writing today . Imagine someone writing with the elegiac tone and richness of language of Doctorow mixed with deep emotion and you get Mr. Jones . In these stories , the lives of ordinary citizens of Washington DC come to life in a way that gives testimony to the creative spirit . In a literary world crowded with the talented and clever but short of heart , Mr. Jones is the real deal , someone who writes with intelligence for readers who love to read serious fiction and care about the human condition . If you are passionate about serious writing , you 'll read these stories again and again . They are that good .
 The best writers -- or at least the most memorable -- are the ones who can break the rules of writing and somehow still tell a great story or convince us of something . Jones often changes points of view , shifts time , and fills his stories with a variety of characters . He seems to lack the ability to write a one-dimensional , uninteresting character . Even the one or two stories in the collection that I did n't particularly like left me wanting to read more . And I felt as I read the stories that each was so well wrought and imagined that Jones could easily turn them each into novels.Some readers thought that there were too many characters in Jones ' novel _ The Known World _ , which made it a difficult read . But I found little difficulty reading it . In the short story , however , with its limited space , I think that the large number of characters placed in one story give them little breathing room and make the reading a bit challenging . Sometimes Jones falters , but when he gets the story off the ground right , he soars so high that he can be placed among the best short fiction writers today in the English language.One story , `` The Devil Swims Across Anacostia River '' , despite its provocative title and some amazing passages , I found a little odd and below the quality of the other stories.Stories such as `` Old Boys , Old Girls '' , `` A Rich Man '' , and `` Adam Robinson '' are truly short masterpieces . I originally read them in the New Yorker . But however many times I read the stories , they continue to amaze me with their elegance.Some characters in this book first appeared in _ Lost in the City _ , Jones ' first collection of short stories . Though some stories in _ All Aunt Hagar 's Children _ approach perfection , _ Lost in the City _ was a far more even work , perhaps because of its consistency of style and genre . _ All Aunt Hagar 's Children _ contains several stories , such as `` The Root Worker '' and `` A Poor Guatemalan Dreams of a Downtown in Peru '' -LRB- a very Gabriel Garcia Marquez-esque title -RRB- , that have magical realist elements.After reading all fourteen stories in this book , I felt a pang of grief , as if I had a finished a good conversation with a friend I knew I would never see again.Read this book . It 's simply amazing .
 In All Aunt Hagar 's Children , Edward Jones once again showers us with prose that is both concise and metaphoric . He is truly one of the great writers of our new century . His stories capture the intricacies of living in our complex and strife-torn world with true humanity and humility . For me , his strongest metaphor comes from the last story - the metaphor of a tapestry . It takes many years to create and is full of innumerable details , yet it produces a work that last for many years and enlightens many other lives . What a wonderful image and a challenge for us to live into . In All Aunt Hagar 's Children , Jones has surely presented us with a tapestry that will live for years and enlighten lives .
 I usually do not read short stories , I just love novels , however , because it was by the author of `` The Known World '' I had to read this . Edward P. Jones has written a thoughtful , well crafted , haunting collection of short stories . `` The Root Worker '' makes you wonder about the choices that you make in your life , and how they can haunt you . Riveting .
 Some things are well worth waiting for and Edward P. Jonses 's follow-up to his Pulitzer Prize winning debut novel `` The Known World '' -LRB- 2003 -RRB- is most assuredly one of them . Once again he uses short story formats to illuminate and make memorable his characters , ordinary people , really , but to the listener they are unforgettable . This author 's evocation of black life in America is incomparable.Another stellar offering is the reading by voice performer Peter Francis James . He brings both strength and sympathetic understanding to the author 's words . James has a host of television appearances to his credit , as well as Broadway and film roles . His delivery is unhesitating , distinct , and highly listenable.The 14 stories that comprise `` All Aunt Hagar 's Children '' are set in in Washington , the city where the author was raised and now lives . He opens with `` In The Blink of God 's Eye , '' the story of Ruth and Aubrey , a young couple in their late teens and recently married . Ruth does not always rest well in `` godforsaken Washington '' while Aubrey `` always slept the sleep of a man not long out of boyhood . '' One night when Ruth was wakeful she went out in back where she found a baby tied in a bundle hanging from a tree limb . Thus , she thought Washington was `` a city where they hung babies in night trees . `` As is his wont Jones treats readers to the earlier lives of his characters , rendering them all the more accessible and sympathetic . This is especially true in `` Resurrecting Methuselah '' in which we meet Anita Channing who sits by the bedside of Bethany , her ill daughter . She sits in a wooden chair built a century and a half ago by a former slave . Anita 's husband , Percival , is serving in Okinawa , where he spends much time with a prostitute , Sara Lee . When Percival discovers he has breast cancer he calls Anita and asks her to come to him . She reaches Honolulu , a stopover in her flight , where she has an opportunity to look back on her childhood and wonder what the future holds for herself and her child . `` All Aunt Hagar 's Children '' concludes with `` Tapestry , '' another story of a young couple , Anne and George , marrying and leaving their rural roots behind . George is a porter on a train , the train that carries them to Washington . As the train slows close to its destination Anne whispers , Mama , Papa , `` I 'm a long way from home . `` For this listener that was the gist of all of these marvelous stories , people seeking a better life a long way from home.Jones is such an incredibly gifted writer , his prose is succinct , true , impeccably crafted . Listening to his work is not only a pleasure but a privilege as well . - Gail Cooke
 All Aunt Hagar 's Childrenis a collection of short stories by Washington D.C. native Edward P. Jones , it is his third book and the first since winning the Pulitzer Prize forThe Known World -LRB- 2003 -RRB- . The stories are about black Americans in Washington D.C. during the 20th century . Each story revolves around family , society and self , detailing experiences emblematic of southern blacks who migrated to northern cities from rural roots
 I found this book to be a compelling read , offering a tender , sometimes off-beat collection of short stories . Featuring African-American characters , Most of the stories are set in Washington D.C. Themes of Catholiscism , family roots and history , man and woman relationships , racism , and other topics are dealt with thoughtfully and patiently , often told from a woman 's or child 's perspective .
 Anyone who has read Edward P. Jones ' Pulitzer-Prize winner , The Known World , knows that he 's a great novelist . Readers of All Aunt Hagar 's Children , a collection of fourteen Washington D.C.-related stories , will learn that he 's equally gifted at the short story genre . In addition to their geographical connection , these often R-rated -LRB- primarily for language -RRB- stories generally share a sense of realism , and often , hope -LRB- additionally , religious references are overwhelmingly Catholic -RRB- . The best thing about them is not , however , how they are similar , but instead , how they are different , achieved through Jones ' skilled use of varied characters and subjects and a time period of approximately a century . Although two stories , The Devil Swims Across the Anacostia River , about a woman 's encounter with the devil in a Safeway store , and Blindsided , which recounts a woman 's experiences after suddenly and inexplicably losing her sight , are unconventional , the dozen others are incredibly credible . The cast of well-developed and diverse characters includes , a precocious Catholic-school-attending five-year-old girl ; an unfaithful , unwell , military-sergeant-husband ; a reluctant-detective Korean War veteran ; a dual-doctorate miracle-prone woman ; a voodoo-skeptical medical doctor daughter ; a pretty , well-dressed domestic-abuse-victim girlfriend ; an unfortunate , philandering widower ; and a newly-married Washington-bound reluctant wife . This is a good choice for connoisseurs of the short story genre . Fans of All Aunt Hagar 's Children will probably also enjoy Runaway by Alice Munro and Interpreter of Maladies by Jhumpa Lahiri . More daring readers should try Blind Willow , Sleeping Woman by Haruki Murakami , and for those who always choose vanilla , Blackbird House by Alice Hoffman is an everyman-friendly , interestingly-connected collection .
 I must confess that I have only finished two of the short stories thus far but from the moment I read the dedication I suspected that I would not be dissapointed and have so far not . I adored `` The Known World '' and find myself being at once drawn in and recoiling with Jones 's writing
 One of today 's most compelling author weaves stories about how lives change due to tragedy . ''
 I read his first novel the Known World and was very impressed . So I sought out this follow-up . It is very rare that I come across a writer who clearly and deftly captures the challenge of urban city folk . The setting for his stories were DC , but it could have easily been NYC , LA , Boston , Chicago , etc. . The story is the same all over . His various stories capture the everyday life of people in the city . Well written prose that brought back some good memories as well as some I 'd rather not remember . Highly recommended.Rindge Leaphart
 It is 1901 . Aubrey and Ruth Patterson are a newly married couple living in Washington D.C. Ruth cuts a baby down from a tree , much to her astonishment . She names the baby Miles . ` Spanish in the Morning ' gives a picture of a girl shopping at Garfinckel 's Department Store with her boyfriend walking behind her pretending to be her chauffeur . It is a world where a quarter buys an hour of television , '' Common Law ' and where a root doctor is able to cure a mentally ill woman , ` Root Worker ' . Modern society and traditional society intersect among the African American inhabitants of Washington D.C. in the early and mid twentieth century . The stories cover a time when K Street was not a synonym for lobbyists . It is a wonderful world of courtesy and connectedness flourishing and a fearsome world of undecipherable signs . The author often features children with their unblemished and naive points of view.Many of the themes in the stories in this collection are of a spiritual nature . The characters are believers , worshippers . They have a special relationship with the natural world . Readers in search of social history could be informed by the rich gallery of persons and circumstances here . The stories satisfy both singularly and en masse.Literary values are not sacrificed to the necessity to tell a good story . An example of a good incident is a man understanding he will not go to Africa again and he will not travel to see the rest of the world because he and his wife are raising two grandchildren . The lure of Washington D.C. was and is federal jobs . Jones plays with the bureaucratize inherent to living at the center in some of the stories -- a blind entity with no feeble-mindedness and habitable space in ` Blind-sided ' . Taken together , the entries form a spacious and comprehensive snapshot of the community .
 In his highly-acclaimed volume of 14 stories , `` All Aunt Hagar 's Children '' , Edward P. Jones draws portraits of African Americans who have migrated from the South to Washington D.C. . The stories are set from around the beginning of the 20th Century to the present day . The stories describe many types of people from young children to old men and women and from the poor and illiterate to the highly educated . They speak of loneliness and change , of the frustration , sexual and otherwise , that results from moving to a new urban place , of criminality and drugs , and of education . The stories are short but deeply textured , as in tapestries -LRB- the title of the final story -RRB- . Characters , histories and sub-themes are realized in brief spaces.The writing style in these stories is a major factor in their success . All but two of the stories are told in the third person by an all-knowing narrator . -LRB- The exceptions are `` Spanish in the Morning '' told in the voice of a precocious young girl and the title story `` All Aunt Hagar 's Children told in the voice of a young Korean War veteran who hopes to move to Alaska in search of fortune and women . -RRB- The writing is full of Biblical allusions . Hagar , of course , was the concubine of the patriarch Abraham who was sent into the desert after she mocked the childlesness of Sarah who then became jealous of her . God spared Hagar and her childen . The figure of Hagar is used her for the outsider and the outcast -- symbolizing the lives of the African American characters of the stories . The language of the stories in its richness , difficulty , and frequent elliptical character , particularly in its repetition and in its use of names , also owes a great deal to the Old Testament . There is also much in the stories that reminds me of the African American preacher of Jame 's Weldon Johnson 's poem `` God 's Trombones '' . The rich , narrative voice of the stories is complemented by the contrasting voice of many of the characters with its slang , dialect , and frequent use of obscenity.The stories develop character and place . Jones shows the reader a Washington D.C separate from the world of national politics familiar to most Americans . I have lived in Washington D.C. for many years . Jones 's depictions of neighborhoods , streets , landmarks , stores , and people had a deep sense of familiarity . They also helped me see the familiar aspects of my city in a new way . The characters are true and believable in their many responses to living in Washington.The stories I especially enjoyed included the first story `` In the Blink of God 's Eye '' and the final story `` Tapestries '' . Both these stories are set both in the rural South and in Washington , D.C. , the former at the turn of the 20th Century and the latter in the 1930s . They both show the difficulties young married couples encounter with the change of place.The story `` Old Boys Old Girls '' describes the life of a young man who spends years in Lorton prison and his attempt to make a life for himself when he is released . Jones contrasts the life of his down-and-out protagonist with the lives of his wealthy and successful family . `` A Poor Guatamalean Dreams of a Downtown in Peru '' tells of a young poor girl who achieves great academic success but whose life has otherwise been filled with catastrophe and loss . `` All Aunt Hagar 's Children '' is a complex story filled with themes of womanizing , murder , family , and wanderlust . It is a compelling portrait of African American life in the Washington D.C. of the early 1950s and it touches briefly as well upon African American -- Jewish relations.My two favorite stories were `` Root Worker '' and `` Bad Neighbors '' both of which explore themes of the search for love and finding it in unexpected places . The main character in `` Root Worker '' is a young successful woman doctor who gives up a planned vacation to travel South to consult a root doctor for what ails her mother . In the process , she learns a great deal about herself . `` Bad Neighbors '' tells the story of a large , poor family that rents a home in a middle-class black neighborhood where they are shunned and feared by their more successful neighbors . There are many turns as the story progresses , as the main character , a young woman who has become a nurse , gains a deeper understanding of people , status , and love.Jones ' stories depict African American life in a loving , involved manner but without polemicizing or blatant social criticism . They are rooted in African American life but , in their treatment of love , sexuality , change , and character speak universally as well . The stories are dense and thoughtful and will reward careful reading . I am pleased that many of my fellow Amazon reviewers have enjoyed this outstanding book and written insightfully about it.Robin Friedman
 This author has done it again with brilliant illustrations of a city and families that touch the core of our compassion . No wonder he won the Pulitzer-he is amazing , and this is an amazing piece of work with suspenseful endings quite similar to Toni Morrison .
 So what does a Rabbi have to offer a physicist ? Plenty actually . Boteach 's brevity and clarity reveal a substantial understanding of personhood and of relationships . That he reserves his views on God and the religious life for the final conversation invites the broadest range of spiritual views to appreciate his insights . I 'd recommend this for all young adults and soon-to-be or new parents . Broadly applied , this book could change our culture.Denial of Sunlight
 This synthesizes the message that Rabbi Boteach tries to teach his children
 This book is filled with commonsense ideas about parenting and living . It advocates respect , dignity and the importance of becoming a good person . Rabbi Shmuley Boteach gives many great examples of those conversations with his own children -LRB- he has A LOT of them -RRB- and also writes about the times when he did not follow the advice he is giving . This is an important book to read and reread as the children grow and the application of these conversations change to fit the new stage of the child 's life .
 It does not matter what faith you prescribe to - this book defines what we as parents should be focusing on in raising our children - `` who '' are children are not `` what '' they are !
 This book is easy to read and clear in its thinking . Like many thoughtful books , what Rabbi Shmuley says seems very obvious , but so is a wheel - after you 've seen one . His 10 conversations , while obvious , for me were thought provoking . It 's a good book , buy it , read it , and pass it on to your `` significant other '' and children .
 This book instills me with motivation to be a better parent.His ideas are inspiring and I really value this as a reference tool to my parenting techniques.Beautifully writtenvery valuable book for all parents to read10 Conversations You Need to Have with Your Children
 Even though my three children are between 14 and 22 , I found this book an extremely valuable parenting resource . I have used the many examples that Rabbi Boteach provides for addressing sensitive topics and they have worked ! I appreciate his non-confrontational approach and his goal
 Great book , really helps you get perspective on what kind of people you want your kids to be . I liked it because it reinforced my own beliefs and helped articulate some thoughts I had about parenting .10 Conversations You Need to Have with Your Children
 This is a great book ! I read it all and now I want to go back and read each individual chapter . This is more than a parenting book -- it will really help you reflect our your own life . The writing is non-judgemental and easy to read . The author comes off as very friendly . I do n't agree with the reviewer that says the religious chapter at the end ruins the book . It has a base in Judiasm but comes across as more spirtually based that can be applied to any religion you are . I am a psych nurse and have used these techniques in dealing with my adult inpatients so the information is very transferable to all aspects of your own life , not just your life as a parent.This is a great book !
 I found this book both inspiring , & easy to follow . This book granted me the opportunity to realign my perspective as parent . . the read offers an array of suggestions on how to bring more fun , values and inspiration into one 's home . . A must have for any parent who wishes to grow and grow his or her family in an authentic funfilled way.Namaste !
 Makes you think about what you are teaching your children . What lessons are truly important , and how much we are in control of who are child becomes by our own actions .
 A great book - invaluable for parents and educators alike . The author is quite intimate with encounters he has had with his family and personal life , and gives practical and logical advice for those ideas he feels are required for raising healthy , moral , and value filled children .
 I must admit that I am a bit biased towards Rabbi Shmuley - I am a huge fan of his TV and XM radio show . I found this book to be yet another example of Shmuley giving practical pointers that truly help parents navigate in this crazy world where many people seem to be traveling w/out rudders or sails ! The book is not going to tell you something you do n't know ... but it is written in a way that helps you articulate important , sound , common sense advice to your kids . I am already incorporating several of his suggestions into our home , and it is definitely reaching my children . These are important conversations that all parents should be having with their families !!
 I am about to have baby so I want to get some ideas from this book . However , I am strikingly surprised about how much it teaches me to live a better life . I also have collected many ideas to train my little sister and it works.I want to thank the author for this great book . really simple but enlightening and enjoyable . I actually read it non-stop .
 As a responsible parent , I feel I have had all the necessary conversations I 've needed to have with my children , including the `` Why I love your sister more than you conversation , '' the `` You 're right , we 're not your real parents -- you 're real parents are gypsies who sold you for pocket lint conversation , '' and the `` Yes , when Daddy and Mommy fight , it is because you are so ugly conversation . `` But as America 's Rabbi -LRB- TM -RRB- Shmuley Boteach teaches us , or Boteaches us , there are no bad children and no deliberately bad parents , except for gypsies and pirates . So what are Rabbi Boteach 's 10 conversations ? 1 . `` Becoming the kind of person you want to be `` My kids want to be lizards .2 . `` The centrality of childhood to life `` Do n't get used to it . As soon as you turn 8 , you 're going to the factory .3 . `` Developing a desire to know `` but not too much , if you 're a Mafia kid .4 . `` Bestowing dignity on others `` Dignity is a polite term for poop .5 . `` The importance of honoring the nurturers in our lives `` because they can kill you .6 . `` Learning how to forgive `` Forgiveness is easy after you take it out of their hides .7 . `` The significance of family and tradition `` Drink your fermented worms . It 's all we had in the old country .8 . `` Knowing you are loved `` but not as much as your sister .9 . `` Overcoming fear `` That 's what alcohol is for .10 . `` God 's presence in our lives `` He is watching you . Always.I love being a parent . Kids can be very useful if you treat them right , and these conversations can help . If not , then that 's what electroshock collars are for .
 This has been the only book I have ever read that hit a huge cord within me and stayed . The messages and insights will stay with you long after you 've put the book down . We have stopped watching TV with our kids during the week and instead talk , play games , go on walks and enjoy each other 's company . We have learned to destress our house and focus on happiness . My husband and I have reconnected and our family is happier as a whole . This book , if you allow it to , can teach you miraculous things . Shmuley Boteach is an incredible rabbi , teacher , husband and above all , father . This book is worth 10 times it 's price . Thank you Shmuley Boteach !!
 This is one of the first parenting books I have read that actually came through for me . I have had more conversations with my 5 and 7-year-old children in the past 6 months than ever because I truly know what to say . And I have to say , they are conversing back . If you are looking for a book to teach you how to be a better person-parent , friend , co-worker , etc. , this is the book . I think the author sold himself short by including children in the title because I think anyone could gain from reading it .
 There are few books that you read that have a lasting impact on your life , thoughts , outlook and can actually change your day to day behaviors ... this is one of those books.This book is about the conversations you need to have with your children , but parents should heed the wisdom from these pages . For parents to be role models for the younger generation , they can only influence their children 's behavior through their own actions . This book outlines the steps to take , using real life examples . Although at first glance it seems easy , it may take 2-3 reads to fully digest the entire book.I praise Shmuley for another great book . Thank you .
 Great book for anyone with children ! I would highly recommend this . To my husband and I , it was a life changing book , not only in the way we want to raise our children , but in the way we want to live our lives . I plan on reading Shmuley 's other books !
 I was so struck by this book I could not put it down . I talked to everyone I know about the concepts in the book and have already passed it along to my son who has two children . I need to purchase 2 more now , one for my nail technician and one for me to keep until the next time I give it away.I would have given it 5 stars if there had been nothing religious contained in it . Every person interested in raising confident well adjusted children , grandchildren should enjoy this book . Its an easy read and a subject close to everyones heart .
 I am a high school teacher , and in my opinion this makes a wonderful gift , particularly for parents of pre-teens and teenagers . Parenting is the most important job a person ever has , and this is a good manual to help you in that job .
 The theme of 10 Conversations You Need to Have With Your Children by Shmuley Boteach is to teach your children to find their own way in the world by listening to their own , unique , inner voices . It 's a great message for all parents.Boteach stresses the importance of interaction with your children . He says that everything that happens in life provides an opportunity for conversation , and you should n't overlook those opportunities ; rather , you should train yourselves to see them.All parents can learn from Boteach 's book that making the investment in children by conversing with them and teaching them their uniqueness will reap rewards . Work on motivating your children to hear their inner voices , and it will inspire them to become better people . Boteach says , `` Success is never immediate , and sometimes it 's nowhere in evidence , but talking to your kids really works . `` Boteach 's book also has four great lessons for improving communication skills with everyone you live with or work with . These are Boteach 's four lessons :1 . You can control your emotions by controlling your actions . When you force yourself to behave in a certain way , even if you do n't feel it , the action creates the emotion .2 . The foundation of every relationship and interaction you have is the `` desire to know '' . Much of Boteach 's advice is based on the premise that you have to find ways to be stimulated every day , and your relationships and interactions are a source of stimulation .3 . The world will be a kinder , gentler place if we each honor and exhibit what Boteach identifies as the `` feminine qualities '' we all have within ourselves , such as peacefulness , tenderness , nurturing , and relationship-building .4 . Show the people around you that you know you make mistakes and that you are seeking forgiveness . Furthermore , you should be willing to forgive those people who are seeking forgiveness from you . Boteach says , `` An unforgiving heart is a heavy heart . When you do n't forgive someone , you become bitter , and that feeling festers , affecting you more than it affects them . When you forgive , the one you are truly freeing is yourself . `` The book has great lessons on parenting skills as well as general communication skills . -LSB- ... -RSB- -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I 've seen Shmuley on TLC 's `` Shalom in the Home '' and I really like the advice and counsel he gives on the show . When I saw that he also wrote books , I decided to check this one out . I ended up reading this book in one day . I could not put it down.Shmuley uses situations from his own life raising eight children as well as stories from the people he meets to illustrate the importance of a parent 's role in their child 's life . He has inspired me to be a better role model for my children , and also inspired me not to be afraid to discuss some of these critical topics with my children . This book has had a HUGE impact on how I look at my role as a parent
 This is the book . The only one you need . The one you pick up , read a chapter , put down and immediately find ways to include it in your life . Not just for you children but also for you . It just simply reminds you about what is most important in life . Being good . The best line
 I absolutely love rabbi Shmuley 's passion for the family , and I have certainly found inspiration from him to be a better parent . This book will give you some power tools in creating what I believe will be a lasting and influential relationship with your children while also instilling strong moral values . I have several good books of Shmuley 's , but unlike the others , I have totally marked this one up with notes and highlights . I 'll be keeping this book for years to come and I 'm certain I will be refering to it often .
 I waited for this book to be available via my local library , for what seemed like forever , and just finished reading it . I loved this book so much , that I just purchased a copy from Amazon so I can read my own personal copy again and again.I feel that this book better than ` Flirting with Danger ' - which I happened to like very much as well . ` Do n't Look Down ' is a continuation of the first story , but you fall in love with Rick and Sam characters that much more and watch their relationship grow and mature . By the looks of it , Sam 's trust is building and I have no doubt that their romance is heading in the right direction . Ca n't wait to see what Suzanne Enoch will have them do next.Usually , the second book falls flat , but not this one . I 'm looking forward to the next book in the series AND because I 've like the first two so much , I 'll purchase it instead of waiting ...
 I love Sam and Rick together ! They remind me a little of Eve and Roarke -LRB- J.D. Robb 's romantic couple -RRB- . Sam is a bit like the tough cop that Eve is except that she is n't all legal about stuff and her upbringing , though not great , is WAY better than Eve 's . And Sam is more up on literature and booklearning-type stuff than Eve . Richard is a lot like Roarke in that he 's rich and strong and very capable and very in love . Unlike Roarke , Rick never was poor or on the wrong side of the law.I loved reading this book . : -RRB-
 This book has more `` sex '' scenes than any Suzanne 's historical romance books , and it 's understandable why . However , all the way through half the book , I was still waiting for suspense to begin , and for action to start . The first book `` Flirting With Danger '' was more fast paced than this one . It 's is still a great book , and the author does not disappoint with witty , funny dialogs , steamy bedroom -LRB- and not bedroom -RRB- sex scenes , suspence and action.I was reluctant to even buy Suzanne 's first contemporary title , but I 'm so glad I gave her a chance . She is absolutely great at modern romance !
 It has been three months since the events chronicled in FLIRTING WITH DANGER , and we open to Rick and Sam trying to settled into a settled relationship . Emotionally , Sam still has one foot out the door , terrified of commitment , whereas Rick is trying * not * to use the `` L '' word and scare Sam off . Sam also feels like Rick is trying to take over the security firm she is trying to start-her first legitimate venture-but all Rick is really trying to do in his take-charge kind of way is to get Sam so entrenched in his life and in a legit business that she wo n't want to leave it all behind for her former life as a cat burglar.All this relationship angst happens against the backdrop of Sam 's first case-one that never officially gets off the ground because her client is killed before their first meeting . Sam is determined to find the killer , and Rick fears for her involvement , which leads them to make a little bet
 This author never disappoints . The action and romance between the characters is sizzling . The book is funny and the plot flows.I look foreward to the next installment .
 Number 2 in the Sam n Rick story arc.I thoroughly enjoyed this novel from start to finish . It has a most wonderfully imaginative denouement scene . Involving a girl-on-girl muddy catfight , cops and polo players . There 's plenty of hot but not too graphic bump and grind . And a fairly decent plot . But most of all . It 's about interlocking relationships . Between a guy and his attitudinous girl-friend , between an ex-wife and the main couple , between a girl and her surrogate Dad ... and some more too . I loved them all.I 'll say it straight out . I think Sam is a great romance heroine . Clever , resourceful , beautiful . She can talk clothes , gardens , cars , children at the drop of a hat . Also . For the record . I like the way the characters speak to each other.Definitely joining my ` to be read again ' pile.This is the one where Sam slashes the tyres on Rick 's BMW . The one where Sam n Rick have sticky food nookie . And the one where quite a few times Sam hugs Rick for strength and comfort . I love all that kind of mushy stuff . Plus . It 's one of those novels where the beautiful heroine drives to a Palm Beach place in a Bentley with the dishy hero following behind , convoy style , in a flashy Merc . Not that I worship money or crass style but I totally relished visualising that scene in my mind.Very enjoyable .
 This the second book in the Sam and Rick seriesIn this book , Sam is trying stay good and lives with her Billionaire boyfriend Rick . When Sam decides to start a security business , her first customer ends being murder . Sam feels guilt that the customer try to get help from the night before he got murder so she deicide find out who killed him . Meanwhile Rick 's ex-wife , Patricia , asks Rick to help her buy a new house and tries to convince Rick to get back together.I love everything about this books expect the fact that at sometimes I think Sam just did n't stand to up Rick 's ex-wife . Patricia is constantly dissing Sam even after Sam helps her out but still Sam helps out .
 This series was recommended to me because I enjoy the In Death series by JD Robb -LRB- Nora Roberts -RRB- . This series is similar , but does n't have the same depth or skill in characterization as Robb 's series . Do n't Look Down was n't quite as good a read as the first book in the series . The plot seemed to drag more and did n't hold my attention as well . I think that the hero is a little too angsty for me , too . Throughout the book , he has to be careful what he says and does in order to not scare off the heroine -LRB- he 's more invested in their relationship than she is - or more than she admits she is -RRB- . This theme got a little repetitive . I guess I prefer a little more `` alpha '' in my heroes after a point . That said , I enjoyed it enough to recommend it to those who want to continue with the series . -LRB- It rated more toward a 3.5 , but I rounded it up . -RRB- If you want something grittier , more intense , check out the In Death series by JD Robb -LRB- starting with Naked in Death -RRB- .
 4.5 / 5.0 As the second in the Samantha Jellicoe series , this one is just as fast paced and fun as the first and I actually enjoyed the romance aspect even more . It was fun to have an already established relationship that is busy working out the `` new couple '' rough spots . That 's a nice change and Enoch keeps it quick , hot and unpredictable . Sam does get a little annoying with her hard-nosed stubbornness but it is understandable considering the sheer strength of personality that comes with a driven billionaire for a boyfriend . One has to love Richard Addison , though , he is every woman 's dream man ! The way he gives Sam 100 % of his unconditional love and support is what makes this series so wonderfully addictive.For anyone who loves a great who-done-it mystery with lightening fast repartee , and lots of romance and excitement , this series ca n't be beat ! `` The steam factor is still high , although toned down a little from the first book *
 I loved Flirting With Danger so much that I went right out and bought Do n't Look Down as soon as I finished and I do n't regret that at all.This is a continuation of Sam and Rick 's story that picks up a few months after Flirting ends . This time , Rick 's annoying and manipulative ex is in Florida to try and get him back and there 's yet another murder to deal with.This one fleshes Sam out a bit more . Gives us some insight into her through Rick . I love that.Again , great chemistry , fun mystery , excellent secondary characters and bad guys . A definitely wonderful follow up to the first . I 'm chomping at the bit for the third one !
 Twenty-four years old former cat burglar Samantha Jellicoe decides to go legit by setting up a security firm . Meanwhile her lover thirty-tree years old Richard Addison tries to persuade his beloved that they belong together permanently , but she has doubts that she would lose her identity and become one of Rick 's chicks at best or worst Mrs. British Billionaire though he tells her that her penchant for breaking into his homes keep that from becoming a reality.In Palm Beach wealthy Charles Kuntz hires Sam to protect him . However , before she can begin the job , someone kills her `` mark '' and jewels are missing . The cops target Sam as the prime suspect , but her troubles are not just with the law . Rick 's ex Patricia arrives to inform him that she is divorcing her latest spouse and is available to renew what they once had.The sequel to the delightful romantic suspense thriller FLIRTING WITH DANGER is am amusing tale that returns the two protagonists for another enjoyable gender war . Rick is terrific and Sam 's former felonious partner Stony is as incorrigible as ever , but once again the tale belongs to the heroine who fears she has become the star of Die Hard instead of To Catch a Thief . Though the fun story line is overfilled with the rich and amoral , readers will look up for more amusing contemporary suspense from Suzanne Enoch.Harriet Klausner
 ` Do n't Look Down ' by Suzanne Enoch the sequel to ` Flirting With Danger ' . Even though I was home sick , I found myself reading this book in a day . You can enjoy this novel with out reading the first but why not get both and enjoy . Sam Jellicoe is a semi-retired thief and Rich Addison is man with hero complex . Great dialogue , creative love scenes and healthy dash of danger and mystery .
 Retired cat burglar Sam Jellicoe is trying to go straight for her billionaire boyfriend Rick Addison by opening up a security business . When her first client gets bumped off before she can find out why he needs her services , she decides to add murder investigation to her oeuvre of talents . She does n't appreciate Rick 's unsolicited business advice , and surrogate father Stoney keeps trying to get her to pull a million dollar caper in Venice , but Sam prevails and has to get closer to Rick 's ex-wife in order to get close to the suspects . But Patricia appears to want Rick back , and at what cost to Sam?Enoch 's second adventure with Sam and Rick still has the breezy and charismatic couple trading hysterical barbs in quest for one-upmanship of their relationship . They make great foils for each other , with plenty of sensual play . Like many movies sequels tend to not live up to their predecessor 's ; kudos to Enoch for maintaining the same quality of writing from book to book .
 This was my first Dennis Lehane book , and I have to say I am impressed and loved it . I was scared , nervous and sick to my stomach , which are all things I love to be when reading a thriller . I look forward to future Lehane novels .
 Simply stated , it 's just another great book from Dennis Lehane . I did n't read A Drink Before the War , which I kind of regret , but I 'll just pick the series up from here . I could n't put this book down . I will agree with some other reviews and say this is not for those with a weak stomach ... . it gets very graphic at times .
 Early Lehane . A preview of what is to come . A good writer sharpening his skills .
 This is the 2nd novel in the Kenzie/Gennaro series . It is an awesome thriller that is fast paced with a lot of emotion . P.I.s Patrick and Angie encounter corruption , terror and revenge while pursuing serial killers that are loose in Boston . One caution ; do n't leave it laying around for non-adults to read as it is morally complex , graphic and certainly a scary read.After reading about 130 pages I was thinking where is the gory stuff that I have heard about . Do n't worry it is about here that the serial killings surface and then hang on as you turn page after page . The characters are vivid and you can feel their emotions , the highs and the lows . I love Angie the way she keeps everything in perspective as lives are shattered . No one escapes untouched.Thank you `` Loves Thrillers '' for recommending `` Mystic River '' which was the first novel by Mr. Lehane that I read last week . I now plan on reading all his books.Author al-Qaeda Strikes Again
 How often does the loss of something you think you want help you find what you really need ? Patrick , sees himself as happy for the first time in years -LRB- he loves his life , Grace and her little girl -RRB- . So he seems to have the best of both world 's working along side one his best childhood friends , Angie , who appears to have finally come to grips with her x husband -LRB- Patrick 's former best friend -RRB- . Once again , Lehane manages to intertwine the lives of almost everyone involved -LRB- and their parents -RRB- in a story that starts out like a locked room murder . How could a man who has been in jail for twenty years , and locked up in one of the toughest prisons in Massachusetts , manage to commit murder ? For the murders do n't look like the work of a copy cat but of the original perpertrator -LRB- s -RRB- . Aye , but their 's the rub . Best of all , from my point of view , things come to a denoument where it is hard to contemplate that anyone could live happily ever after .
 This is my third Lehane book , and I continue to be astounded each time I read him.Patrick Kenzie and Angie Gennaro take on the case of a shrink who believes her son is being threatened by an Irish street gang . But it becomes clear that this has nothing to do with gangs , but everything to do with an extremely violent serial killer . What 's even more frightening is that this killer has targeted Patrick and Angie , and their respective loved ones . Worst of all , the killer has some connection to their childhood that Patrick does n't begin to understand , and the killer may not be working alone.Lehane 's strength is that he does n't make it easy to make moral pronouncements . The characters act and react based on needs and emotion -LRB- often rage -RRB- -- they do n't have the luxury of always doing the moral thing as prescribed by society . But , Patrick and Angie are still beautifully human and wonderfully sympathetic , even as they do the `` wrong '' thing , for both the right and the wrong reasons . They really want to be good people , but know they are n't quite there . At the core of there relationship is a fraternal love that never quite moves away from it 's less platonic overtones.Lehane beautifully blends exciting action with suspense and meditations on the human condition . This is n't a nice world that our heroes live in . It 's an ugly , violent world , where unfortunately , they help perpetuate that violence . Lehane makes you keep turning the page , even though you know bad things are probably going to happen . I am looking forward to reading the rest in the series , as well as Shutter Island .
 `` Darkness , Take My Hand '' is Dennis Lehane 's second Kenzie and Gennaro novel . The story starts simply , as the detectives undertake to help protect Jason , the son of a friend . For no clear reason , it appears that a singularly unpleasant gangster has taken a dislike to Jason , a student at the local college . Matters grow complicated quickly when they discover that the gangster in question is not the real source of the threat.In trying to unravel each mystery in this , the detectives discover yet another . The case appears linked to a string of horrifying killings that have baffled the police . And these crimes recall the bloody work of Alec Hardiman , who was convicted 20 years previously by the expert testimony of Jason 's mother . Unfortunately , this criminal remains firmly imprisoned . The is little doubt that somehow Hardiman is influencing events , but evidence builds that there is a team of killers at work and the body count spins out of control.The horror and tension build relentlessly . Soon Patrick Kenzie realizes that his own loved ones are also intended victims . Together , he and Gennaro struggle to salvage what they can . In the final analysis , though , none of the survivors will escape unscathed . This is noir fiction at it 's grimmest , delivered with spellbinding intensity by an exceptional writer.The book is populated by vivid characters , good and evil . The narrative is terse , and perfect for this kind of fiction . The dialogue between Kenzie and Gennaro sparkles with wry wit that keeps events from overwhelming the reader . I picked up the `` Darkness , Take My Hand '' to read as a break from some more academic reading , and was literally unable to keep from finishing the book . Lehane 's writing style is reminiscent of Andrew Vachss and every bit as good . This is a six star novel in a five star world !
 In the last 30 day I ` ve read all five of Lehane ' Kinzie/Gennaro books , finishing Prayers for Rain last night . Lehane has created a terrific franchise in the mystery/thriller arena with his realistic and -LRB- more importantly -RRB- entertaining pair of detectives . You like these people he 's created and believe their motives for what they choose to do as they trek through the plot . Clearly I 've found a lot of compelling entertainment in these stories.The first book in the series , A Drink Before the War , really sucked me in , being in the same vein as the Elvis Cole series by Robert Crais which I also recommend . Both series are consistently well-written , a clear step -LRB- or two -RRB- above pop/trash/beach fiction , funny , intelligent stories where the plot make sense , and the characters seem frighteningly real . It turned out that the first Kinzie/Gennaro yarn was the lightest . Each one after has ratcheted up the twists and turns , but kept the personality of the characters growing and building . The stories definitely got blacker and bleaker in the depraved actions of the bad guys . By Prayers for Rain , the villain is a hardcore-fulltime psychopath , and Patrick and Angie are a-little-further-than-borderline vigilantes.After racing through five of the books in so short a period , I am struck with a sense of vulnerability . If some bad dude makes it their career to mess with you , and if they have no normal limits to their behavior , you 're just screwed . How can a normal , follow the rules type of citizen even comprehend the introduction of aggression and violence into their regular lives ? Unless you have friends to help you out like Kenzie and Gennaro you might as well move out of the country and hope you 're never found . Read these , you 'll like them .
 `` A drink before the war '' was a really good surprise . From the beginning I liked Kenzie , Gennaro and the way they relate to each other . But , compared to `` Darkness , take my hand '' , the first book in the series looks like a mere introduction . `` Darkness , take my hand '' is dark , complex and violent . Extremely violent . But Lehane makes it seem also very real , because he writes about Boston and its suburbs with a passion that only a caring native of the city could feel . This time is not a war between gangs . This time Kenzie and Gennaro are hired to investigate , follow and protect the son of a friend . During the case , they find that the truth is much more complex than they can possibly imagine , involving their family past and the ones they presently love.Lehane is very graphic in his descriptions , and that is saying much . He is not afraid to dare . There are many scenes in this book that are not that believable , but they are so strong and powerful that the effect is great . The characters continue to be developed . Lehane did not give everything away in the first book . In `` Darkness , take my hand '' he reveals further information about not only Kenzie and Angie , but also about his recurrent secondary characters , like Bubba and Boston PD detectives Oscar Lee and Devlin Amronklin , among others.The Kenzie / Gennaro 's two books I 've read in the series are really great . Lehane 's stories unravel the worst about human nature . They are as explicit as can be , and that makes them real , whether we like ir or not.Grade 9.2 / 10
 Darkness , Take My Hand is no lightweight crime novel . It is tense , emotionally draining and frightening . Detectives Patrick Kenzie and Angela Gennaro are put through so much mental and physical punishment that at times the book is hard to read because it is so unrelenting . The villains are extremely bad and some of the murders that are committed are horrific.The characters and their relationships really make this book . Patrick and Angela are so likeable , despite all the rubbish in their lives and their messed up pasts . To a certain extent they have the most dysfunctional lives I have ever read about . Both of them are divorced -LRB- Angie from a wife beater and Patrick from Angie?s sister -RRB- , both of them are in love with each other but aren?t prepared to show it , both of them use commonplace sex as a replacement for other things in their lives , and so on . Their relationship is further complicated by a new love in Patrick?s life ? Grace and her young daughter Mae . As in the first novel in this series , the parts where Patrick looks back to his childhood and thinks about his father and his and Angie?s relationship back then were especially poignant and had me in tears.The plot for this book was rather too gruesome and scary for me . There were too many horrible murders and threatening characters . A lot of the events that happened were tragic and made me feel quite depressed . Put it this way , I don?t think I?ll feel up to reading the next novel in the series for at least a month or two . I need time to recuperate first!Overall this is a good thriller which is fast paced and emotional . I recommend it to those who can stand violence and gruesome murders because these take up a large part of the book . The highlight for me was the relationship between Patrick and Angie ? I wanted to force them to get together . Still , maybe it will happen for them in the third book in the series?JoAnne
 This was my first Lehane book -LRB- I have since read the rest -RRB- and I fell in love with him , the story and the characters . I am a fan of realistic , gritty neighborhood stories be they in Boston or New York or New Orleans or wherever . The relationship between Gennaro and Kinzie is utterly believable -LRB- and I have had a problem in the past with male authors writing in a woman 's voice -RRB- and realistic . Be forewarned
 Dennis Lehane has done something here no mystery writer has done in a long , long time . He scared the hell out of me ! I enjoyed his first book -LRB- `` A Drink Before the War '' -RRB- very much , and was looking forward to reading this , his second . I got more than I bargained for in almost every sense of the word . An intricate , complex plot , which amazingly ties up logically at the very end . Twists and turns to surprise even the most jaded mystery buff , who is sure s/he can always see them coming . Not this time , you ca n't ! You might figure out one or two , but do n't get smug . Lehane will take your perceptions , turn them upside down , and just when you think you 've got your feet on the ground , he 'll do it again . I should have read this one in broad daylight . It is most aptly titled
 Darkness , take My hand by Dennis Lehane William Morrow and Company . 1996When the PI team of Patrick Kenzie and Angie Gennaro are called to investigate a threat to Jason , the son of a noted psychiatrist , Diandra Warren , they find some strange coincidences . `` Moira Kenzie '' told Diandra that Kevin Hurlihy , a crazy local hood and her former boyfriend , had threatened to kill her present boyfriend Jason . However when Patrick and Angie check out the local hoods Kevin seems not to be involved but they find that ties run back to their old neighborhood and some of the people they grew up with.Digging deeper they find that the trail leads to a convicted serial killer and back again to their old neighborhood . They story begins to make sense and wind down when it leads to someone who was a partner of the serial killer and likely one of two present day neighborhood men and an incident that happened when Patrick was a child.The book is well written , exciting and a real page-turner . Patrick and Angie are well developed and sympathetic characters . Patrick 's relationship with Grace and her young daughter is filled with angst when his problems and life infect theirs and make a continuing relationship appear improbable.I picked up the book when I heard an interview with Dennis Lehane on television and he said that Stephen King loved his books and helped him -LRB- Stephen -RRB- get through his recent recovery period after his accident . I was not disappointed and would highly recommend this book to all mystery fans .
 When a second book tops the first , you know you 've found a good writer.The phrase , `` I could n't put it down '' is applicable here . Patrick and Angie find themselves face to face with a serial killer loose in Boston . I was so tense reading this that at one point the phone ringing almost had me jump out of my skin . Lehane captures the simple rhythms and nuances of dialogue better than almost any writer I 've read . You ca n't help fall in love with these characters . If you have n't read anything by him , I 'd suggest starting with `` A Drink Before the War '' because it sets up the world the tough Irish Boston P.I. 's inhabit . This is not your fathers mystery novel . It 's really violent , gory , and you never are sure who will make it to the end . But it 's really well written , has some great plot twists , and will keep you on the edge of your seat .
 Boy , can Dennis Lehane craft a story ! DARKNESS , TAKE MY HAND is the second in the Kenzie/Gennaro series , and it certainly does not disappoint ! It is a fast-paced thriller that leaves you sorry that you have to put it down for something as trivial as eating or sleeping . As Patrick and Angie unravel clues , Patrick 's past with his violent father and with Angie and Renee , his ex-wife , becomes clearer to the reader . Lehane is the most exciting and hip writer to come along in some time , and I wish him a long career . More Kenzie and Gennaro , Please !
 I 've never really had a favorite author until now . Dennis Lehane grabbed my attention with his first few words in Darkness take my Hand and I was hooked ! I figured this book was a one time masterpiece . Absolutely not ! All of his books are incredible ! But this one , this one is my favorite . It was so creepy and evil , yet even when I was scared to death , Patrick `` Do n't call me Pat '' Kenzie said or thought something that had me laughing . It amazes me how Dennis Lehane does this and makes it all work so beautifully . And , you 'll love the main characters , Patrick and Angela , as well as the side characters Bubba , Oscar and Devin . You wo n't be able to stop reading . Bubba . He 's the man . You 've got ta love him . I 've never had the desire to meet a psychopath , but I would love to meet Bubba . If you like his character , there 's lots more of him in Prayers for Rain . Read it ! Read them all ! I guarantee you wo n't go away disappointed and you 'll wait impatiently for the next book to come out . Mr. Lehane , you 've got amazing talent . You 're the best and I 'm a fan for life .
 After reading A Drink Before the War a few weeks ago , I quickly ordered all of Dennis Lehane 's other books so that I could read them chronologically without having to wait in between books . Darkness , Take My Hand is , without doubt , one of the finest suspense novels I have ever read-and I 've read a lot ! Patrick and Angie feel like friends to me now , and the horror they are faced with during the course of this novel was almost unbearable . Most novels have `` stick-man '' villains that I feel never really pose any real threat to the heroes . Not so here . The bad guys here are REALLY bad guys . Kudos to Lehane ! What a craftsman . I 'm almost done with Sacred now , Dennis , so write faster !!!
 As others have stated , this book is the work of a true WRITER , not just a pop-novelist . Lehane succeeds on every level in this book
 After reading the first novel , A Drink Before War I thought I just found My new favorite author . After finishing Darkness . . I was sure ! It was amazing !!!!! I finished it in two days and now I 'm going to buy all the rest of the books . The story line , the characters . It 's all awesome!I could not put this book down . If you want to read a great author this is the one . Kudos to you DL !!!!!!!
 If you have never read Lehane this book is where you need to start . This is the best serial killer book I have ever read . By using the addition of more killers than one Lehane keeps you guessing until the end .
 I have read all of Dennis Lehane 's books . I started with `` Sacred '' and read backwards . This is one of the best books of this kind that I have ever read . You felt drawn in with the characters . It was a very scary feeling . Patrick and Angie are great together and their supporting charaters are just as good . I recommend all of Mr. Lehane 's books and I can not wait for his new release in June !
 Great characters . Terrific plot . Marvelous prose . Do n't miss this one
 What a book . There are so many superlatives I could use , but I suppose that excellent and haunting are the best . I read this book over a year ago and whenever I notice it on my bookshelf it still gives me the chills . I 've also enjoyed Lehane 's other three books , but this one is the best . Read it !
 I read this one first , and the rest is history . Dialogue that rivals Elmore Leonard and characters that are the type you follow throughout -- you will wait for the next one to be written . A little like Bill Granger , i.e. plots with twists and lots of action when you least expect it . An excellent read , as are the other two -LRB- paperbacks -RRB- in this series .
 This is the first novel by Lehane that I 've read , and it 's one of the best novels I 've read this year . A solid thriller -LRB- though , be warned , not for the squeamish -RRB- about murder , a serial killer , two Boston private eyes , and the past histories that tie it all together , is wonderfully written . You feel what these characters feel ; their pain , their memories , their longings ... Lehane is a writer to watch , and I 'll be seeking out the rest of the novels in this series ! Highly Recommended .
 Lehane writes well . Characters are developed well enough you can picture yourself meeting them . He does this without long intrusive narrative so I can not fault his skill . The mystery is also a good plot.I do n't care so much for the graphic brutality of his writing . Perhaps I 'm squeamish . I think he could write just as good a story with a bit less of the gore .
 Numerous dirtbags and sadists materialize in this thriller set in Boston and featuring P.I. heroes Pat Kenzie and Angie Gennaro . To say this is a slasher is an understatement ; more like a dismantler . As the tension mounts and the villains launch brutality from all directions , it becomes doubtful that the P.I. 's will remain unscathed . Things are not as they seem , and as the bodies pile up , you ca n't be sure if Kenzie and Gennaro will join them or not.Read it and see ; quite the rollercoaster !
 Okay , I love Dennis Lehane novels . I just started this Kenzie Series of novels recently and this second book in the series was just as gripping and edge-of-your-seat as the first -LRB- A Drink Before the War -RRB- . Both Patrick and Angela are back in this continuation and on another dangerous case in seedy Boston . They find themselves and their loved ones put directly into the path of danger because of their work and this adds a new dimension to the story , one that I really enjoyed.If I had any complaints , it would be that Lehane does go overboard in the grotesqueness of the crime department . It did n't need to be so graphically , even grossly , violent for the reader to understand just how bad the bad guys are here . I 'm not squeamish by any means , but it felt gratuitous here nonetheless . Lehane 's a good enough writer to convey badness without all the over the top crime scenes.It certainly wo n't stop me from continuing on in the series ... in fact , I ca n't recall the last time a series of books engrossed me as much as these !
 If there 's one overused plot device in crime fiction these days , it 's that of the serial killer . And yet , every so often you read a book that takes that staple and does something remarkable with it , and Darkness , Take My Hand is one such book . As he typically does , Lehane starts the second Kenzie/Gennaro book simply enough , with the pair investigating a young man who is apparently being threatened by some local mobsters . But as usual , the case is far more complex than it first appears , gradually growing into a brutal dig into the very nature of evil itself . Lehane may use the serial killer trope , but few writers have ever taken the time to truly recreate the terror that would come from such a situation , to say nothing of the emotional devastation that such a figure could wreak . And that old chestnut about the killer being someone you know ? Even that is given fresh life here , as Lehane shows his characters still grappling with the impact of such a revelation . Darkness , Take My Hand is not an easy book . The violence is horrific , even monstrous , but as Kenzie himself remarks , it would be too easy to dismiss it as inhuman ; it 's all very recognizably human , which makes it all the more unsettling . And in true noir fashion , even our heroes are n't immune to the effects of all this darkness ; by the book 's end , Lehane has plunged deeply into the horrors at every person 's heart , and his conclusion is all the more effective for its refusal to give easy answers . Perhaps Lehane 's best book , Darkness , Take My Hand is not for the faint of heart . But those willing to look into its brutality may find an uncomfortable recognition of the violence it shows .
 This is Dennis Lehane 's second outstanding novel and once again we 're taken on a tour of the dark side of human behavior . Sometimes I even found myself rooting for the bad guy . But there is no question about it , if you 're a reader of mystery , suspense or thriller books , you simply ca n't ignore Lehane.In this story Patrick and Angie come back from Lahane 's hugely successful debut novelA Drink Before the War , and they 're hired to shadow a college kid because his mother fears for his safety and the surveillance job quickly turns into a life and death situation for the duo.Bodies keep piling up . There 's a link to a killer from the past , but it ca n't be him as he 's still in jail . Patrick and Angie -LRB- who thankfully is shed of her abusive husband by now -RRB- have to make it through this case alive and it is n't going to be easy.One thing of note about this book , Lehane lets us get a hundred pages into the book before he introduces the serial killer , quite a refreshing difference than the usual opening of a brutal murder on page one seen though the killer 's eyes . Lehane skillfully brings us along with his characters and we find out what 's going on as they do . Great writing . Five stars , even though there was a little to much of the icky stuff for me , I still could n't put it down .
 need a looooooooong time to arrive in france but the book is perfect , the size of the book is very funny for me cause their are n't like that in france . now i just have to enjoy it
 To start , I am not the avid reader type who just burns through books . That was until I met this author . Darkness , take my hand was unlike anything I have read . I love the developed characters , the plot , and the writing . This book blew my mind !
 Dennis Lehanes 's thriller is a great story that will keep you up at night , an not just to finish reading ! A superb cast of characters , and an absorbing plot make for terrific reading . One not to miss !
 Dennis Lehane was not familiar to me until I saw the film , Shelter Island . When I got my Kindle , back in March , I decided to see if there was a book version of the movie . Lo and behold , I discovered that Dennis Lehane was a fairly prolific author , and opted to read a book of his with which I was not familiar . It was a real page turner . I ca n't praise his skills highly enough . Great read !! Looking forward to his next book .
 So , I read the first installment of the Kenzie and Gennaro series , A Drink Before the War , a few months ago and gave it a glowing review -LRB- okay , not glowing , but it did get four stars each one deserved -RRB- . However , I did give one complaint ... I did n't think that the book was `` dark '' enough ; I was just a bit underwhelmed by the actual case . Yeah well , be careful what you wish for because ... Darkness , Take My Hand was way darker than I was expecting.This book was GRAPHIC -LRB- yes the caps and the exclamation point are needed to exemplify that -RRB- ! I read more than a few reviews that were stating this , but when I was well under way into Darkness , Take My Hand , I thought `` Well it 's not too bad . '' Of course , then something dark and graphic was described that not only disturbed me , but scared the crap out of me as well -LRB- something that makes me recall `` The Exorcist '' , which still terrifies me -RRB- . It just went downhill from there . I , however , do not have a problem with dark , graphic , gritty , and/or gore -LRB- the last one I can only deal with in book form , not in films -RRB- , so that did n't dampen my enjoyment of the book at all . However , I 'd be lying if I did n't say that it took me completely by surprise.I 'm still absolutely in love with the characters . In Darkness , Take My Hand , Lehane delves more into Patrick 's past including more about his father and more about his ex-wife -LRB- who 's identity just made my jaw drop at how screwy everything is -RRB- . We also get to know Angie a little more and we 're shown exactly how many flaws both these characters have . It makes them more real and frankly , made me fall in love with them even more . Their banter -LRB- which I admit I absolutely adore and is the main reason for my enjoyment of this series -RRB- was still here in all of it 's hilarious and aww-ing glory . We also have Bubba -LRB- who 's loyalty is sweet albeit way disturbing -RRB- and almost all of the rest of the characters back in this installment and they 're just basically wonderful . Patrick and Angie are surrounded by great friends who are amazing and colorful characters which make this book even better.Darkness , Take My Hand was definitely a great book . I loved it even more than A Drink Before the War . And all of Dennis Lehane 's novels seem as if they 're page-turners . I know I was clicking the Kindle at a frantic pace . So , highly recommended , but definitely not for the faint of heart or those who fear The Exorcist much more than I do -LRB- that one scene really traumatized me -RRB- .
 I had the classic conflict that comes with reading a good book
 I had the classic conflict that comes with reading a good book
 then add a serial killer , and darkness has taken your hand . Dennis Lehane has done what Koontz and King nor anyone else has ever done -- scare me . This is truly a dark book , not for the faint of heart . Walking in his world is like walking through a dark , misty autumn dusk in Boston with a trusted friend and both of you are looking over your shoulders .
 I am thrilled with this author ! Dennis Lehane has written a gritty and grim story here . If you are at all squeamish this may not be the book for you , but if you like a thriller that will make the hair on your arms stand up , this is it ! Lehane 's characters are funny , tough , insane and intelligent . I highly recommend this author !
 I 'm a `` series '' kind of reader . Parker 's Spenser books ? I 've read 'em all . Block 's Matt Scudder mysteries ? I 've always got the latest one read within a week of its publication date . Which makes it so exciting to have come across Dennis Lehane 's new Kenzie & Gennaro series . The first novel was riveting . This one manages to be even more compelling . Lehane 's characters stick to your guts . An excellent suspense thriller -- but definitely NOT for the squeemish
 Lehane has done a tough thing -- improved on his great first mystery `` A Drink Before The War '' . This is a fast-moving , scary book . It peels of layers of people 's personalities in ways that are both realistic and terrifying.There is a sociopathic killer loose in Dorchester , a Boston neighborhood -- vicious , brilliant , and elusive . The killer is focused on wreaking vengeance on detectives Patrick Kenzie , Angie Genarro and several elementary schoold classmates . But why ? There is no connection in the present .
 As I write this review , 55 other people have already reviewed this book . I agree with most of them , that this was a fine book . Out of the five Kenzie/Gennaro books in the series , this is perhaps my favorite . It leans a little more into the thriller/suspense genre than it does the PI genre , but that is OK , because I know it is a series and not a stand-alone book.Some reviewers -LRB- a few -RRB- have panned this book as derivative and in one particular spot too much like ` Silence of the Lambs ' . Everyone is entitled to their opinions , but I would just say that almost everything is derivative in some way , and Harris does not have a patent on prison visitations as a plotline.Dennis Lehane crafts some of the best sentences I have read in this genre , so you should read the entire Kenzie/Gennaro series starting with ' A Drink Before the War ' , and if you have already read it , then read ` Darkness , Take My Hand ' NOW .
 I found myself reading well after midnight , long after I should have turned the light out , but I found it difficult to leave Patrick and Angie and their incredibly dangerous situation . I tend to prefer cozies , stories which are lighter and not nearly as violent as this , but Lehane hooked me and I could n't turn away . I 've now read the first three in the series , and I will continue .
 When a book like Mystic River comes along and so thoroughly blows me away , I run to the author 's backlist , hoping to find another masterpiece . While Darkness , Take My Hand is suspenseful , well plotted , and very entertaining , it 's the work of a developing author , not the master that Lehane has since become . By all means , read it . Just know that it 's an early work and Lehane not yet at the top of his game .
 I just finished this book and let me tell you , if you are lover of thrilling books then this is the one for you . The story is well written and Lehane writes just as good as any other of his books . I just read Shutter Island so I decided to try this next and in my opinion this is much better . My only issue is that the Kindle does not have the first book to the series so i do n't know how Kenzie and Angie became who they are . Now its time to read the next one in the series , Sacred .
 In this the second book in his Kenzie-Gennaro detective series , Dennis Lehane begins to show his skills in earnest -LRB- surpassingA Drink Before the War -RRB- . The complex plot is well-constructed and expertly revealed . The book opens with Kenzie reflecting on the events to follow and foreshadowing an ominous tale.Kenzie is called in by a young man 's mother to investigate a threat against him by the Irish mob . Kenzie and Gennaro get a sit down meet with the mobsters through their own psycho friend Bubba that leads pretty much nowhere.Kenzie continues to poke around in Boston 's underbelly and what he finds is anything but pretty . Dead bodies start to stack up that suggest a serial killer is on the loose - but another killer reaches out to Kenzie from prison . His interview with this inmate called to mind the Silence of the Lambs . Lehane creates a truly disturbed person who causes primal fear even though he 's shackled and behind bars.Are the events separated by some two decades somehow related ? And who 's calling the tune ? The writing is very good , the story is taut and a page-turner . If you are like me , you will soon develop a whodunit theory or two that turn out to be way off course , a sign of a good mystery . Lehane explores the psychology of the extremely violent and how they got that way , but be forewarned , the violence is extreme and not infrequent . Even the survivors are damaged perhaps irretrievably.With the caveat about the violence , this book is highly recommended . But really folks , Lehane is not kidding about the darkness . A conditional five stars .
 This is an incredibly engrossing story . Be warned though -- the violence is horrific . The murder descriptions are VERY disturbing but I never felt they were gratuitous . This is a fascinating story of friendship and family but it also shows the violence that both the most-twisted among us and ordinary citizens are capable of . Sometimes they are one and the same .
 I read this book for a book club not knowing anything about the author before . Then upon finishing realized he was the author of Mystic River and Gone , Baby , Gone . I absolutely love his writing style when I 'm in the mood for an excellent murder mystery to lose myself in . Much better than James Patterson and I have been reading him for years ...
 This book was so much better than his first book . Do n't get me wrong , I really liked A Drink Before the War , but this one is so much better . THis is where Lehane really hits his stride as a writer . I guarantee that after you get 50 pages in , your nights of going to bed early -LRB- or doing anything during the day -RRB- will be over until you finish .
 Dennis Lehane 's A DRINK BEFORE THE WAR was the book that pulled me into mystery fiction as a reader . I loved Kenzie and Gennaro 's blue-collar personas , the snappy dialogue , the vivid imagery , the deep secondary characters , and the deft balance of humor . It amazed me that mystery fiction could be so deep and touching , and I immediately bought the next book in the series , DARKNESS , TAKE MY HAND.DRINK convinced me to read more mystery fiction , but DARKNESS convinced me that I wanted to write it for a living.This book has everything DRINK has and then some
 The second book in the Patrick Kenzie series opens with Patrick taking inventory of the violence and destruction that has just re-shaped his life after the case in `` Darkness '' is closed . Lehane uses this foreshadow technique with confidence because he knows the story will live up to the emotional and physical devastation Patrick is feeling in the very first chapter.After the first chapter , the book takes you on a tense journey through a nightmare of undesirable characters immune to personal suffering . The mood is dark and the violence intense . As usual , Lehane keeps the tension tight by combining multiple plot lines ; keeping the reader constantly on edge and wary of every corner turned and every character encountered.In `` A Drink Before The War '' Lehane introduced us to Patrick , Angie and Bubba , but in `` Darkness '' he breaths life into them . Amidst all of the human destruction that occurs during a case to stop a serial killer who brings his viciousness right into Patrick and Angie 's life , Lehane fills out his main charters and makes them much more complex than in the first novel . Even Patrick 's father becomes more dimensional and may even have had some redeemable traits -LRB- maybe -RRB- . Some themes emerge in `` Darkness '' that Lehane explores deeper in `` Mystic River '' , but most of the book is an in your face mystery that concentrates on the rage and violence that can be summoned in all of us , and the effects it has if unleashed .
 Darkness , Take My Hand by Dennis Lehane is one of the great unsung mystery novels of the late 20th century and should be on everyone 's Best OF lists . The characters of Patrick Kenzie and Angela Gennaro are great -- in love , at war with one another , passionate and angry and real . The story of the shrink running from the Irish Mob BEGS to be a movie , and yet no one has ever taken a run at it . That is just a waste . I recently re-read this book and found that it reads just as great the second time around .
 Fortunately , the gruesomeness is not overdone , but comes close . Lehane , however , is a master craftsman and keeps you guessing till the end . The plot unfolds in a timely fashion , the characters are highly credible and the reader only marvels at the creativity of the author . This is a gritty novel with a little leavening morality thrown in that helps put everything in perspective . One of the best thrillers I 've read in a long time .
 Oooh yeah ! The second masterpiece from Dennis Lehane is one of the best thriller I 've read . It 's REALLY dark , and it 'll give you REAL chills ... You 'll follow Patrick and Angie inside the depths of human depravation ... Lehane 's style is sharp-perfect for this . I loved this book ! Ca n't say more than
 This is the third of Dennis Lehane 's private eye books that I 've read , and I continue to be blown away by the razor-sharp , uncompromising quality of his writing . I usually prefer the `` cozy '' , non-violent whodunits over the `` hard boiled '' genre that Lehane has chosen , but when a writer can describe scenes and characters as well as Lehane does , that overrides any personal preferences of that sort.The plot has been well-described by other reviews here on Amazon
 one of the characters is so terrible . I do n't understand the allure of Angie Gennaro . She is so perfect , apparently , that whenever she leaves the room - which seems to happen so often it might be a plot device - other characters simply have to gush to Kenzie about how great she is . She seems a little rude , self-centered , and co-dependent but who would n't be if one was so lucky to be absolutely perfect.Other than that the book is great . I think the types of mysteries that Lehane writes - dark , brooding , complex , and psychological - are my favorites . He does n't explain to much - except about Angie 's perfectness - and it feels like you 're getting a glimpse into the criminal world that 's far more fascinating than having everything neatly explained and packaged .
 This was my first DL . It was a good suspense story and the scene with the enforcer describing how he `` jumed on a man 's back in order to break his spine '' still bothers me .
 This is the 2nd book in the Patrick Kenzie/Angela Gennaro series and I 'm happy to say I think it 's better then the first one . This time a the client is a Boston psychiatrist running scared from the mob . During the investigation they find out a serial killer is involved and the case is specially focussed on Kenzie . It 's a good book , they redirect scenes from
 While I thought the book was very well written , and I enjoyed it , it really was almost too dark for me .
 Lehane 's first book , `` A Drink Before the War , '' astonished me . `` Darkness , '' the second in the series , was a letdown , and I would give it just 3.5 stars if that option were available.Don ' t get me wrong - I like violence , as long as I do n't have to participate in it or watch it . But in this book , there was just too much . Towards the end I found myself wondering how Lehane could possibly surpass , in quantity and quality , all the gore that piled up throughout the book , and , when I finally got there , I felt the finale was more contrived than horrifying.Having said this , I did like the treatment of the father-son theme , which evolved from `` A Drink '' into something far more sinister in `` Darkness . '' And I think I know why I was disappointed by this book , not because it is n't as good as the first , but because an earlier reviewer of `` Darkness '' mentioned that in it Kenzie came to terms with his father , and thus himself . I did not see this . How anyone could come to terms with someone like the father who is revealed in this book is beyond me.I will certainly read on , and I am sure this series will continue to surprise and horrify me and give me pleasure . I have never tired of Spenser , but I did stop reading Stephanie Plum because after four books I just did n't care about her any more , and I got tired of the supporting cast . Lehane , please do not do this to us , because you are far too good a writer to let this happen .
 Those are 3 perfect words to describe this novel . You 're about to enter the world of Patrick Kenzie , Angie Genarro , and Bubba Rogowski , the trio created by Dennis Lehane . For me , this is far most , the best from all 5 books in this series . The story was absolutely intense . You ca n't put it down , you want to know what will happen , and when you get to the last pages , you 'll be charmed , and the story stays with you . I recommend this book for all of you who has n't known Dennis Lehane 's works . Read it and be enchanted ...
 If there were any justice in the world , Dennis Lehane 's books would be monster sellers . Beautifully written sentences , a dead-on ear for dialogue , the shadings of emotions so wrenching a dead man could feel them ... `` Darkness , Take My Hand '' is no exception . Patrick and Angie have already become beloved friends to me , and Lehane 's eye for detail can genuinely creep me out . Lehane is also one of the very few mystery writers who does n't telegraph who the ultimate culprit is . Definitely not for the light mystery reader , but Lehane ranks up there with Parker and Paretsky . Great , great stuff !
 Loved this book !! I had read Lehane 's first book and enjoyed it , but everyone told me this one was even better . And they were right . Patrick Kenzie an Angie Gennaro are great characters , and Lehane does a good job of developing them above and beyond where they were in `` A Drink Before the War '' . The villains in this book are great too , with a terrific `` scare '' factor . At one point Patrick meets with the serial killer , and it seemed like a meeting of two of my favorite mystery/thriller characters
 I picked up this paperback because my curiosity was stimulated by watching Mystic River , the film based on another LeHane novel . Darkness , Take My Hand did not disappoint . Different characters , same setting , and identical sense of insanity and irredeemable evil . LeHane 's prose is intelligent and witty without being overbearing , a welcome change from many other authors who crank out formulaic , hackneyed language and stories in the crime genre . LeHane 's descriptions jump right off the page at you . His characters are so human , so intense , their dialogue so sharp , that it 's almost like watching a movie in your mind . There is n't a wasted word in this book . The suspense starts to build on page 1 , and never lets up , becoming more and more menacing with each subsequent chapter . This is a stay-up-late read to finish only when you 're NOT alone in the night.LeHane 's other works top my summer reading list . I 'd love to see what he could do in a different genre .
 Lehane is unmatched as a writer of local color , and he is a master mimic of mannerisms and speech patterns.I 'm a Boston boy myself -LRB- Center Street in Roxbury -RRB- -- lived there for a few years when I was a kid . From my side of the tracks , the black side , I did not see too much of Dorchester growing up . The people who lived there were the `` other . '' Once upon a time , my mother , who did house work back then , became employed by a family in Dorchester . They were nice people , owned a big German shepherd , had a backyard with a swing set in it , gave nice gifts to me and my little brother at Christmas . For years , I used to wish we lived in Dorchester . Little did I know . One thing that Lehane is good at in the Kenzie/Gennaro series is exposing the other side of the `` other . '' They are normal working stiffs just like the rest of us . Sometimes they are less than normal.I like this second book better than the first one -LRB- A DRINK ... -RRB- for number of reasons . First , Angie is free of her abusive hubby . I was n't sure where that was going in the first place . Second , the Irish mob is very scary . Third , Bubba . And finally , the serial killer -LRB- whose identity I shall not reveal to you who have n't read the book -RRB- -- the killer is , for want of a better word , `` likable . '' If my own child had died tragically , I am sure I would not go around killing people , but I do see where he 's coming from . The loss scarred him , transformed him , but left his basic personality intact . So he goes about his day , doing his job , being everybody 's friend , and his dark tendencies go unnoticed.Now I have to run out and get a copy of Mystic River.Good job , Dennis . Your work is both entertainment and inspiration to all of us from the program . You are the master . Lead on .
 `` Darkness ... '' is one of those books that drags you in and doesnt let go . Without giving the plot away theres a scene where Patrick is driving to his girlfrends in a hurry that had my knuckles white and my teeth gritted . All of Lehanes books are good but this is a masterpiece - if you havent already read it buy it now and let darkness take you by the hand .
 Man this guy can write ! I have read 3 of Lehane 's novels and they are all brillant . I have to agree with other people 's comments . . the conbination of Kenzie/Gennaro is wonderful . Lehane really brings to characters to life and you really feel like you are in the story with them . I do n't think I have read anything by an author that can actually bring me into the action , like he does . The book is filled with great one-liners and has a great storyline to boot!I did n't think that this book -LRB- or any of the rest -RRB- are too violent , but if you are a fan of crime fiction , then what do you expect?A truly sensational book , I highly recommend it if you are looking for a freal page-turner , filled with suspense , comedy and old-fashioned who-done-it ? The only problem with Lehane , he does n't publish books quick enough !
 Dennis Lehane is easily one of the best things to happen to mystery and detective fiction in the past couple of years . After his amazing first novel , _ A Drink Before the War _ , _ Darkness , Take My Hand _ only serves to solidify his ascendancy to the upper ranks of active detective novelists.This is a great book , a convincing exploration of how `` the sins of the fathers '' are visited upon the sons -LRB- and daughters -RRB- . Throw in a serial killer or two -LRB- or three -RRB- , a dangerous neighborhood watch group , and some of the most atmospheric descriptions of setting I 've read , and this novel is a must-read , even if you 're a bit squeamish -LRB- and heaven knows , there 's much to be squeamish about in this book -RRB- . Lehane does a marvelous job of showing the lingering effects of violence and how they affect -LRB- and infect -RRB- succeeding generations . Right now , he 's near the top of my `` must-read '' list , with such writers as Les Roberts and James Lee Burke .
 This book was ruined a little bit for me because I figured out who did it very early on . I thought , `` How on earth could I possibly know already !? '' Then I realized ... Patrick himself told me when I 'd read Gone Baby Gone weeks earlier . I still read it and I enjoyed it very much , but it would have been nice to not know . I really wish Lehane would continue this series . It does n't look likely , does it ? But buy all 5 , and read them in order . Excellent series with great character development .
 Lehane delivers again another book filled with thrills , chills , great characters , great dialogue and non-stop action . To really appreciate Lehane 's books , read them in sequence . You 'll love the main characters -- Patrick Kenzie and Angie Gennaro . And wait to you get to know Bubba ! You 'll never want to even think about looking at him the wrong way . It would likely be your last thought !
 Once again , in Darkness , Take My Hand , PI 's Patrick Kenzie and Angie Gennaro agree to take up a case . This time they really earn there money , in what is a very dark , chilling and page-turning second novel . After first agreeing to try and protect the son of a promient psychiatrist , they soon find themselves immersed in a web of horrific executions . The dialague , especially between Patrick Kenzie and the FBI agents assigned to the case , is taught , lean and adds to the suspense which for me , made this book hard to put down .
 This book was awesome . It 's the first one that I read in the Patrick Kenzie/Angie Gennaro series and of course I have to read them all ! Dennis Lehane makes the characters interesting and he really knows how to write a story that keeps your attention . With all the twists and turns as it unravels you have keep reading and find out who is behind all of the killings and why . He 'll surely be getting added to my list of favorite authors . I highly recommend this book to anyone who enjoys a great mystery/suspense read .
 Summarizing the plot premise makes it sound like just another private eye serial killer thriller . A string of gruesome murders by a killer who taunts his victims with threats . The murders are somehow linked to events of twenty years previously and to the family of Patrick Kenzie , the detective . Very strong subplots about Kenzie 's affair with Angie -LRB- his partner , ex-wife 's sister and ex-wife of his ex-best friend -RRB- and about his relationships with Boston policemen and firemen . In spite of the cliche elements and echoes of Thomas Harris -LRB- mutilation , a cunning sociopathic prisoner -RRB- it is set apart by the high literary quality of the writing.As in `` A Drink Before Dying '' the downside is the dark and gloomy atmosphere . There is some bitter humor and sharp satirical social observation but the overall effect is depressing -LRB- I suppose you could say the same about Hamlet -RRB- . On the credibility / plausibility side , I keep wondering why Kenzie stays in Dorchester if he finds it such a terrible place . Phil half explains why Angie never leaves but Kenzie is a single 35 year old making $ 48000 a year and never seems to enjoy much of Boston .
 I really enjoyed `` A Drink Before The War '' and I had heard that Lehane gets better with each book . Wow , was that ever right . This book is so good it gives you chills . Sure that 's an overused cliche , but it could n't be more true . Ever once in a while you see a great movie like `` Usual Suspects '' , `` Sixth Sense '' , or `` Memento '' and it draws you in and keeps you thinking about it way after . This book has that same characteristic . When I tried to put the book down , I found myself thinking about it so much that I had to pick it right back up and ignore the chores I should be doing . Lehane has an incredible knack for drawing you in and creating great characters . An integral part of the story are the gruesome serial killings that surround the neighborhood that Kenzie and Gennaro grew up in , but there is much more than that . The characters , the dialogue , and unpredictable twists keep you asking for more . Prior to this book I had tired of serial killer stories and the formula storytelling surrounding them . Do n't be deterred by that here . This book is not the same old , same old . I ca n't recommend this book more .
 The second book in the Kenzie/Gennero -LRB- do n'tcha just love those last names ? -RRB- appears to be , in my opinion , one of the best in the series.It explores more of Patrick 's past , and as well as his neighborhood 's . It also explores , in great -LRB- and almost disturbing -RRB- depth , the phyche of a madman and his motives.Great book . I pretty much now try to base all my thriller writings on the workings of this book . Good job , Dennis.-Jack
 Throw on your trenchcoat , suspend your disbelief and go along for a thrilling ride through a world of untold evil and unexpected redemption , courtesy of Dennis Lehane and his terminally romantically thwarted duo of private eyes , Patrick Kenzie and Angie Gennaro . Boston is plagued by yet another series of brutal serial killings , but the modus operendi this time is crucifixion , not strangulation , and the victims seem random . But are they ? When Angie and Patrick find themselves investigating a threat against the son of an old client , they find that there may be more commonality lurking among the fiend 's victims than meets the private eye.The tale unfolds through a series of horrific events , the ruminations and reminiscences of scores of unforgettable characters , and a jailhouse interview with the face of evil itself . The book is peppered with hard boiled detective speak straight out of Elmore Leonard , updated with references to `` N'Sync '' and Bill Clinton . The language is one of the many fun parts of the read , but it 's the characters , and the age-old unfolding struggle between good and evil within each of them , that really give it merit.A couple of drawbacks
 `` Darkness Take My Hand '' is the second of the Kenzie/Gennaro series . The first novel -LRB- A Drink before the War -RRB- rated 5 stars from me , and this novel receives the same . In it , you 'll find the same descriptive writing style , the complex characters , the suspense and drama , and all of this held together with ongoing moral examination and situational ethics which are disturbing and challenging . The emerging pattern in Lehane 's novel is an examination of psychotic , obsessive evil and perversion set in a microcosm called ` Boston ' . This is emerging as a wonderful series , one that deserves the attention of serious mystery/thriller fiction readers everywhere .
 Dennis Lehane shows that you can have more than 1 hit in a series . Theis book was amazing it put togather old friends and new enemys unlike moast thriller novels it was not predictable and the outcome will suprise you . You 'll find out things about the characters you did n't know in the previous one . Once you start you ca n't put it down .
 Well this is certainly Lehane 's most violent and gorey book with much to much detail in torture . That said , i found this book really well written and scary and funny at the same time , Patrick Kenzies One Liners , be it said aloud or only in his head keep a certain level of humor to the book . I Recomend that anyone who is willing to read this book , read it first because if you read the other Lehane books before this one , you will already know the outcome to this book and it will be slightly less fun or less of a mystery .
 I first became introduced to Dennis Lehane in his novel titled Gone Baby Gone . After that , as they say , it was history.I love this man 's writing , and I can not get enough , I highly recommend reading all of his books . This was a dark , wonderful , realistic read . Run , do n't walk , to get this book !
 `` Darkness take my hand '' by Dennis Lehane is a very violent , dark , graphic novel and is definitely not for those who have weak stomachs . If you love well written , violent novels that also stay with you years after you have finished reading the book -LRB- like this one has for me -RRB- this is a no brainer . One thing I loved about this book is how it shows that even the heroes can be scared , harmed , and scarred psychologically . I do n't want to give anything away for those of you who are debating whether to read/purchase this book.TRUST ME , this book will not disappoint anyone who likes movies or books alongs the lines of `` Se7en '' with Brad Pitt and Morgan Freeman . I would love for this to be turned into a movie but ONLY if can remain faithful to the book . Do n't read it alone at night , it may give you the shivers !
 This is another great early Lehane book . His ability to build characters , create tension , and propel an interesting story make this a good novel that foreshadows the great novels -LRB- `` Gone Baby , Gone '' and `` Shutter Island '' -RRB- to come .
 This is edge-of-your-seat stuff , folks ; Darkness , Take My Hand left me feeling as drained and weary as the main characters must have felt at the end of their ordeal . There is no slow part to this book . It 's all action , and just when you think that Patrick or Angie is safe , just when you think that they 've maybe bought themselves a moment 's respite , BAM ! Everything 's gone further to hell.Lehane 's writing style is crisp , snappy , and well-paced , which serves to make an already good plot even richer and more exciting to the reader . I think that one of the reasons I truly appreciate Lehane 's style of prose is because he writes how someone -LRB- such as myself -RRB- might think
 I love the Gennaro/Kenzie novels . And this one is the best IMO . No mistake
 I give this book three stars because the writing style is above average , although the plot is a little faulty . In the end , a well-written book will always matter more than the strength of its plot , in my opinion . Lehane does a good job with a modern hard-boiled , detective noir story , although not quite as good as Philip Kerr .
 This is the first Dennis Lehane book I finished and it 's not going to be the last . He is my new favorite author . His style keeps you captivated and he makes it very very hard to put it down . I was excited to get to the end then wanted more once I did . I have read two more of his books since reading this one . His character development is real and natural , and you get to know them as if they were friends and someone you have known for years . This book is dark , but dark is wonderful when done by Dennis Lehane . He takes the mystery thriller and refreshes it ; he has reinvented the detective story and I am so glad I have discovered his books.-Dean Kitching , author , What He 'll is This Place .
 So far I finished reading two books from Dennis , a drink before war and this one . They both are fantastic read . The ending is sad , but makes it real . Very powerful book , it made me curious at the beginning , and got me scare at the second half of the book , and I cried a little at the end of the book . I also felt a little bit depressed after finished reading this book , because of the sad ending.I have to take a break before I am reading the next one , scared . Not because I got scared , it 's because I got depressed after reading this book , I shall say reading the ending . So I decided to read something different , I am reading the David Copperfield now . I need something to get my mind of this book , poor Phil , sorry for Angie and Pat . Crazy book , it 's that good.I gave Dennis Five Stars for this book .
 I 've just finished reading this thrilling and amazing book by Lehane and for do that I kept reading until 4 am because I simply could n't stop.I had read the first of the Kenzie/Gennaro serie -LRB- A Drink Before the War -RRB- but is a level higher . The plot is so well written that you never get a meaningless detail , not you read a needless dialogue . On the contrary everything is set up to be told in the precise moment you need to be told of that . Besides , since the story draws a connection between the present days Dorchester and the one of Kenzie/Gennaro childhood , in this novel we come to know them far better than in the first novel giving a more intimate , yet not less misty contest.It is really worth reading !
 The unknown murderers creeped me out . Plus , I loved the way Kenzie and Genaro 's relationship evolved throughout the story . Although it would be best to read the previous novel , `` A Drink Before the War '' , to understand some of the backstories .
 I like gritty , murder mysteries and this is a good one . Lehane whips-up a real , grim bunch of dudes for this one . I really liked the author 's attention to detail . If I have any criticism is that his psychotic-serial killer was a tad to Hannibal Lector-esque and the story was a bit over-plotted .
 This book was certainly entertaining and a real page-turner , yet I was disappointed in many ways . It had the fine characterizations , compelling plot , and moral focus as Lehane 's other books , yet I thought that it too often became a standard serial killer thriller . One of the things I love about Lehane , is that I usually can not predict what will happen , but here too many plot points seemed straight out of 100 different serial killer movies . Nonetheless , predictability and all , this was a highly entertaining book which I found difficult to put down .
 I was very impressed with Lehane 's first book , A Drink Before the War , and was very excited to try his next book , Darkness Take My Hand . His stories just keep getting better and more enthralling . I love the two main characters and the way they interact - they 're a great team . And boy is this plot enthralling . The serial killer story is really scary though - I found this book really hard to put down ! I reccommend it to any mystery and suspense lovers !
 In Shakespeare 's `` Julius Caear '' , Antony utters , `` The evil men do lives after them , the good is oft interred with their bones '' . Nowhere is this more applicable than to Dennis Lehane 's `` Darkness , Take My Hand . '' In this second ` Patrick and Angie ' novel , the evils visited upon the population of Boston in the 1990s had their seeds planted two decades earlier . Those seeds were planted with good intentions , withered , and became evil.For some mystery writers , characters are haunted by their pasts . In Lehane 's world , they are hunted by their pasts . That explains a lot about the characters who recur in this series . In `` Darkness , Take My Hand '' it explains Patrick 's relationship with his father and Angie 's stormy marriage , among other things . These explanations are explored deeply , more deeply than most mystery writers care to examine . Some other issues in the book did n't need so much investigating , and I think that was where the book occasionally bogged down . I would n't normally complain about this , but the novel was moving at such a smooth clip , I was jarred a little when Lehane tapped the brakes . Maybe it was intentional , but this was my reaction.Dennis Lehane has a fascination with the dark corners of our lives , and he knows how to write about them . After reading `` Darkness , Take My Hand '' you want to grab Lehane by the shoulders and say , `` Lighten up ! '' Then again , no . If he did lighten up , we would n't get the great writing he offers us .
 Lehane is one of my top picks as a writer and this book does not disappoint . I gave it four stars because it does n't quite rise to the stellar level of &#34; Mystic River &#34; but , to be fair , few books do .
 My husband 's just read number four in Dennis LeHane 's Kenzie and Gennaro series ; he insisted it was time I caught up with him . I 'd only read the first book so far -- A Drink before Dying -- so I picked up Darkness take my hand , number two , and admired the author 's choice of titles before starting to read . After starting to read I admired his wordcraft too ; evocative descriptions of streets and scenes ; convincing depictions of deep characters -- no cardboard cutouts here ; cleverly revealed backstories with picture-perfect timing ; internal dialog that pulls the reader in to search each scene for answers as desperately as the character himself ; and convincing conversations you can almost hear.Is Boston really such a dangerous place ? I do n't know ; I 've never been there . But the streets Dennis LeHane creates seem as real as any I 've know ; the characters walk off the page to gaze from streetcorners ; and the whole tale haunts me . Darkness take my hand is a very dark tale , definitely not for the squeamish , but it 's wonderfully told and wholly un-put-down-able . A twisted mystery , a psychological thriller , a gritty tale of real people and real streets ... In the end , it 's simply a really good read , and I 'm looking forward to starting number three as soon as my read-and-review pile shrinks a little lower.Disclosure
 If you are n't a Dennis Lehane fan yet , I do n't know what you 're waiting for . `` Darkness , Take My Hand '' is another winner . In this novel featuring detectives Patrick Kenzie and Angie Gennaro , the emphasis is on darkness . A sadistic murderer with a string of gruesomely killed victims , escalates the stakes . In this book , Kenzie has a girlfriend , Grace , with a young daughter , Mae . The case puts them at risk , too . As other reviewers have noted , this book may be too dark and gruesome for some readers . It is , however , always suspenseful and entertaining . I marvel at how well Lehane writes every time I read one of his books .
 There are soooo many mystery writers out there these days , but there is only a handful who truly produce first-rate work on a consistent basis . Dennis Lehane is definitely a member of this elite , and * Darkness , Take My Hand * demonstrates why.Like Michael Connelly , Robert Crais , and some others in the P.I. / lone wolf cop genre , Lehane has written his books in such a way that they are best read `` in order , '' as each book builds on the previous one -LRB- s -RRB- in terms of the development of his main characters . Consequently , readers should read Lehane 's first book , * A Drink Before the War * , before picking up * Darkness , Take My Hand * , which is the second in the series.In most respects , however , * Darkness * is a richer , deeper , and better-crafted mystery than was Lehane 's debut novel . He has utilized a well-worn but still effective plot theme here , that of the long-term serial killer . This provides the basis for the mystery element of the book , and also , perhaps unfortunately , the blood-and-guts angle , as well . Yes , there is a lot of gore in this book , and lots of discussion in graphic detail of the depravities of which human beings are capable . Lehane 's work is NOT for the faint of heart.What separates Lehane from many other mystery writers , even good ones like Robert Parker , is his sheer literary talent . His writing is gloriously rich , descriptive -LRB- particularly in terms of his depictions of the Boston area setting for his stories -RRB- , and insightful , and he goes to great pains to develop in some psychological depth his main characters , Patrick Kenzie and Angie Gennaro . Consequently , this enables Lehane to take his work well beyond the cliches that are so typical of shamus novels.If you like the work of Parker , Connelly , Crais , Barre , Burke , etc. , you should definitely start reading Lehane -- in order , of course .
 After devouring this novel I was drained . This is the second in Lehane 's series featuring private investigators Patrick Kenzie and Angela Gennaro and it really packs a whallup . The first novel , A Drink Before the War , did a fine job of introducing these characters , along with an adequate story . This novel digs deep into the relationships of these people , and all the while we 're being pulled through a harrowing serial killer mystery . Lehane has pulled out all the stops here . Sure , there are many authors who will try to shock you with gruesome details , but in this novel it 's the sense of the helplessness of the victims that stays with you long after you leave the story . If you 're like me , and have already read dozens of rave reviews about this , you 'll be about 100 pages into it and will be wondering what the big deal is . Trust me on this
 This , the second of Lehane &#65533; s Kenzie/Gennaro novels , was gripping and suspenseful from prologue to epilogue . We know from reading the prologue that Kenzie and Gennaro are about to go through a harrowing experience . Still , I was not prepared for the chilling and gruesome events that unfold . There are many twists and turns as Lehane sustains a high level of suspense throughout . The writing is very good , although not flawless , and the mystery is well plotted . There are little details here and there that seem implausible , but they are easily overlooked under the sheer weight of the narrative.I was mildly disappointed in the first Lehane novel -LRB- A Drink Before the War -RRB- mostly because it seemed like Kenzie was too much of a cheap imitation of Spenser , and the writing seemed a bit amateurish at times -LRB- but I still thought it was very entertaining and a good introduction into a new series . -RRB- In this one , though , Lehane seems more confident as a writer and Kenzie has become a much more realistic and convincing character . Angie Gennaro is a wonderful character that you can &#65533; t help but fall in love with . With this novel , Lehane has definitely become one of my &#65533; must read &#65533; authors . Highly recommended !
 Lehane 's second thriller is on par with some of James Patterson 's best work . Probably only 5-10 % of the books I read are ones where I make extra time to read because I ca n't put it down . This is one of those books . The plot revolves around a serial killer and P.I.s Patrick and Angie.The cool think about this book is that the serial killer element is n't introduced for 100 pages or so . Most novels introduce all their characters early in a story , but it shows Lehane 's strength as a writer when he introduces new characters about 1/3 through the novel and the story continues to flow.Then Lehane leads us along a thrilling ride full of twists and turns that end up involving characters that all knew each other in some fashion . This book is a lot like James Patterson in that there is a killer who has a personal vendetta against the main characters . Lehane keeps his mystery focused on a group of people who somehow knew each other , and the story does n't seem far fetched.There is a lot of violence and a lot of twists . Some authors reveal twists slowly and you wonder the police or FBI had n't figured it out sooner . This happens all the time in James Patterson stories . Lehane lets the characters discover the truth in a natural progression . The twists do n't seem forced.Lehane actually takes the time to support the twists in the story.Darkness , Take my Hand is full of gritty violence and a lot of bad things happen to a lot of people . Somehow Patrick and Angie survive it all and even come out on top in the end , although not without some sacrifice on their parts .
 Oh man this is one good read ! I ca n't believe that I did n't know about Patrick and Angie earlier . I am an avid reader and only heard of Dennis Lehane 's series last month . I have read `` A Drink Before the War '' and now `` Darkness , Take My Hand '' in the past week . I was late to work on Sunday because I could n't put `` Darkness '' down . Oh I love the characters . How wonderfully human they are . So full of fault and virtue . The story is dark , moody and riveting . It moves at a fast pace . Almost too fast since I was sad that it was over .
 Dennis Lehane kept me up late last night . I had begun reading ` Darkness , Take My Hand , ' and I could n't put it down . The prologue sets up what promises to be a very tragic story , and Lehane delivers . The prologue leaves a few questions unanswered , and you have to read through the novel to find out what the answers really are.The second novel in the Kenzie/Gennaro series finds Patrick Kenzie accepting employment from a woman who has recently received a threatening phone call and a picture of her college son in the mail . Quite simply , she wants Kenzie and his partner Angie Gennaro to find out who is stalking her.Kenzie and Gennaro suspect that the ghoulish Kevin Hurlihy of the Irish mafia in Massachussetts in involved . A quick meeting with the Irish mafia casts a cloud over this suspicion and subsequent work on the case raises new suspects . An old acquaintance of Kenzie 's is murdered in grizzly fashion , and Kenzie is left wondering if this has anything to do with the case he is working on.From this point on , the novel becomes somewhat complicated . The investigation into the threatening calls and photographs grows to include a serial killer or maybe two . The police force , FBI , and Kenzie 's walking terror of a friend named Bubba all get involved.Other crime fiction writers would do well to study Lehane 's work . He has mastered the ability to create suspense and tension in a way that so many other authors in the genre have not realized yet . Kenzie and Gennaro , plus the law enforcement officers that work around them , actually do detective work and do not wait for all the clues to conveniently fall in their lap . Lehane finds ways to include twists that are n't quite as shocking as surprising as say James Patterson 's , but highly effective . The novel is very dark and comments on the social depravity of Kenzie 's surroundings . Gritty is probably an appropriate adjective for this novel.I would recommend this novel to anyone that likes crime fiction or a good suspenseful story . It is a page turner . A word of caution though , it is very graphic in many descriptions of violence . This novel is not for the ultra-squeemish . It also has some sexually explicit scenes and would not be appropriate for some younger readers . The writing in this novel is simply superior and I give it my highest rating .
 Any reader who enjoys a well written story with great characters will enjoy Dennis LeHane . The three books should be read in sequence to appreciate the character development of Patrick and Angie -LRB- and Bubba too -RRB- . `` A Drink Before the War '' deserved to win the Shamus as a the best first novel . `` Darkness , Take My Hand '' is quite simply the best book I have read in several years . It can be read as a serial killer thriller , but it is much more . The story reminds me of Conrad 's `` Heart of Darkness '' , or the film `` Apocalyse Now '' . Patrick 's journey in this book should strike a chord with any reader who has come to terms with their own faults , as well as those of their parents . Simply a great book . The most recent book `` Sacred '' , take Patrick and Angie on a road trip to Florida . It is a terrific follow-up to `` Darkness '' , if for no other reason than it answers the questions still unanswered at the end of `` Darkness '' . Buy these books and read then during the cold weather that is certainly ahead -- you will not be disappointed .
 If you like to read mysteries , you would be hard-pressed not to love Lehane 's Patrick and Angie combination . These two characters are so alive on the pages that you feel like you 're with them every step of the way . This book is Lehane 's usual page turner filled with the lowlifes of the world . As Angie says in the book , `` I 'm tired of dealing with psychotics and deadbeats and scumbags and liars on a continual basis . I 'm starting to think that 's all there is in the world . '' This is the crux of Lehane 's writing . He writes about people who embrace evil and enjoy the pain of others -LRB- this also taken from the book -RRB- . Patrick actually falls in love in this episode . My feeling is that Dennis Lehane is an absolute standout in this genre .
 I read the first four Dennis Lehane books this summer -LRB- in about 3 weeks ! -RRB- and have really enjoyed them . I 've read all the great private-eye series -- Hammet , Chandler , Ross MacDonald , Robert B. Parker -- and I think Lehane is really a fresh talent . His characters are occasionally reminiscent of Spenser and company , but not so much that it 's distracting . What really distinguishes Lehane , in my view , is his outstanding plots . All the books I 've read are very solid mysteries and his detectives , Patrick and Angie , get very involved in solving the mystery , rather than just following an investigation . I chose this one to review because it 's an excellent jumping-on point for new readers . It is a truly nerve-tingling , gripping read that manages to make the whole serial-killer milieu fresh . This is the work of a very talented writer who is undoubtedly going to rank with the giants of the PI field .
 i dont ever remember ordering this or actually receiving it , but who knows . if it says i did , then i did . and its a book , so there couldnt be that much wrong with it
 This is the second of the Kenzie / Gennaro series , and the action picks up markedly . Kenzie 's relationship with Gennaro becomes solidified and stands a serious test . The environs almost become a character here also . Plot is a bit more predictable , but the writing kept me focused .
 Dennis Lehane is a great author . This is one of my favorite books in his Kenzie and Gennaro series . Loved it
 Ca n't wait to get the next one ! This is a thrilling novel that keeps you guessing right to the end !
 In Darkness , Take My Hand , Boston PIs Patrick Kenzie and Angie Gennaro are pitted against a cunning serial killer who 's had 20 years to hone his craft.Despite the horrible title , Darkness , Take My Hand is an excellent , intricately-plotted mystery/thriller that kept me turning the pages deep into the night . The plot twists do not rely on shock value and are not done at the expense of realistic character development -LRB- I 'm looking at you Gone Girl ! -RRB- ; and the author did not shy away from difficult subjects . Most impressive of all is the way the author uses these plots twists to shape Patrick and Angie into well-drawn , three dimensional characters . The event in this book may not define them , but will certainly be a factor in how they mature as individuals and private investigators , and will have repercussions for at least a couple of more books in the series . There are also a couple of well-written , heartbreaking scenes that effectively conveyed the impact Patrick and Angie 's chosen profession has on their personal lives.When I read A Drink Before the War , the first book in the Patrick Kenzie and Angie Genarro series , I was n't exactly impressed but the potential I glimpsed made me decide to give Darkness , Take My Hand a shot . I am really glad I did because it is in this book that the author really hit his stride . I will definitely be checking out more books in this excellent series .
 I guess I have been reading too much lately but I am getting tired of plots involving serial killers and hard bitten heroes who fall for a hot lady and her little girl only to be rejected when the hot lady is confronted with the heroe 's violent life , etc. etc. and his heart is broken . And psychopathic serial killers are becoming a big yawn . But I could n't put the book down even though I knew what was coming so I have to give this one 5 stars and take my hat off to Lehane for making a silk purse thriller out of a tired sow 's ear plot . Truly a remarkable writer .
 In the past couple weeks , I 've read all the Kenzie/Gennaro series . All of them -LRB- except Moonlight Mile -RRB- are of very high quality , but this one , Darkness Take My Hand , is really about as good as the modern detective thriller gets.Lehane is probably NOT the best at coming up with the perfect convoluted plot arc . But he 's more than tolerably skilled at that.Nor are his characters the most endearing , or the most complex . Guys like Crais and Connelly have him beat there.But at the level of constructing sentences and paragraphs , Lehane can simply write circles around the competition . He just knows what sounds good , and he delivers it , page after page . If you 're going to plunk yourself down and read a few hundred pages ' worth of detective novel , that 's nice to have . Style matters.If you 're going to read this one , you ought to start with A Drink Before the War , and if you do read this one , you probably wo n't stop there . You 'll probably end up like me -- wishing that Lehane had n't moved on from the Kenzie series , and instead pounded out a thousand of these gems , like all the other guys out there writing thriller series .
 I 've read all the Dennis Lehane books now , including the new one -LRB- Gone , Baby , Gone -RRB- , and they all range from good to great . But this is the one I keep coming back to . It 's gripping , it 's frightening , it 's amazingly realistic , esp . the dialogue . OK , the Bubba Rogowski character is a little over the top , but certainly no more than some of the characters in Robert B. Parkers `` Spenser '' novels . The main and supporting cxast are terrific , and the plot is dark and wonderfully convoluted . The killer -LRB- s -RRB- are edgy , brilliant maniacs who really deliver a punch . If you 're looking for a good , solid thriller that 'll make you squirm a little , this is the place to start . And once you start , you wo n't stop until you 've read the entire Lehane collection . I ca n't wait for the next one .
 This was my first Lehane novel - - I 'm hooked ! Not only was I scared to read this at home alone -LRB- noises always seemed louder while reading this book -RRB- , I was kept in suspense to the very end .
 A clerk in a local bookstore recommended this book . He said that the action was in Dorchester , and that I 'd be familiar with the area where events take place which usually makes things more interesting . If I liked action mysteries , I 'd like this book . I live in a suburb of Boston , as is Dorchester , love action mysteries , so I bought the book . Thus began my addiction to this author . I was with his characters every step of the way because , as promised , I could picture some of the neighborhoods where he went . I knew people who were like some of his characters -LRB- the good guys ! -RRB- . I was tantalized to stay with the book even when I found myself overwhelmed by the violence . When I had to put the book down , I found that even walking by it made me pick it up to see what would happen next . I viewed the action Patrick lived so vividly and the tension was so intense that I sometimes found myself holding my breath , or gasping with relief as some action or suspense ended . I am so ! ! mewhat reminded of the way James Patterson describes similar events in his books with a small sampling of Stephen King . Lehane writes fluidly . There are no peaks and valleys . There is always something happening or something being set up to happen and you feel it . He entices you to stay through the book 's chilling conclusion and if you 've got the guts to stay , you 're in for an incredible ride !
 For a detective thriller , this is n't exactly light reading . Like the title warns you , it is indeed dark , and peers into a darkness within the souls of the characters.The prologue sets us up to be prepared for some rather serious and unhappy occurances in the book ... maybe not what we expect , but still we 're warned that this book wo n't be all fun and games.The woman who hires Kenzie fears that she and her son are being targeted and this leads him eventually into the tracking of a serial killer who may have been involved with murders that occured 20 years ago . Eventually , he finds connections even with his own family and neighborhood.There 's an undercurrent in the novel touching on how violence poisons the inner being of all involved , a theme that apparantly is recurrent in Lehane 's books.There 's genuine literary quality in Lehane 's writings . There 's also a tragic and fatalistic aura about his stories . Kenzie is faced not only with the challenge of doing the jobs he 's hired for but also with the challenge of retaining his own soul , his own feeling of rightness.This works both as a well plotted mystery and also as a walk on the very dark side of human nature .
 Incredible intelligent and witty hard-boiled detective novel that you will enjoy from the first to the last page . I 'm now looking forward to receive all the the other books by Dennis Lehane that I immediately ordered after reading this one . Let me also recommend Richard Barre and Michael Connelly .
 One of Lehane 's shorter stories but with the same attributes as his longer titles . Same batch of characters -LRB- Boston people -RRB-
 I think Lehane is very good at letting the reader inside the characters . I have n't read a book of his I did n't love
 This is a worthy follow up to the first book , with a gripping stand alone story complemented by additional back story on the principals . Patrick Kenzie is portrayed as an ` Everyman with skills ' and has a very distinctive and interesting voice .
 In the second novel of the Patrick Kenzie/Angie Genaro series , the PI pair are drawn into a vicious web of violence , murder and vengeance . As in the best noir tradition , nothing is what it seems to be except the predictable sociopaths.Kenzie and Genaro are drawn into a conspiracy which leads them to delve into Boston mob circles . We find that Genaro is in fact the scion of one of the big mob families , which she uses to her advantage in solving the mystery and intimidating the bad guys.This is a hard-boiled detective novel in the noir convention . Lehane creates a passionate connection between the main characters that despite being unfulfilled transcends their relationships with others . This connection creates a magnetic pull on the reader . Lehane uses lovely poetic language , as presaged by the title , which convincingly depicts this world of shadows in the Boston crime scene . A little less violent than the first novel plus the series is maturing in both writing and story .
 In the right circumstances , do we all have a capacity for violence ? Lehane 's second outing in the Patrick Kenzie and Angie Gennaro series is a truly dark and intense tale . First , the two are hired by a woman , who believes that the mafia is threatening her son 's life . But things are n't as they seem , and suddenly a series of crucifixion murders grip the Boston neighborhood . One of the victims is the woman 's son . The police and FBI question Kenzie and Gennaro but are left dumbfounded . Kenzie only hope is to confront a deranged serial killer who is imprisoned for similar killings . The incarcerated psychopath will only talk to Kenzie , and it 's clear that he has intimate knowledge about Patrick and the people he loves.By the end , I really liked the book , particularly the clever unveiling of murderer . This was one mystery that had some substance . Patrick Kenzie struggles with his own capacity for violence and also realizes how quickly he can lose those whom he loves . The pace was a bit slow at the start , but the rousing finish easily made up for it . Another criticism is the sheer number of people that the reader is introduced to at the start of the book . This was especially true of the laundry list of murder victims . Overall , the mystery is well plotted and the writing is taut , but my main problem with this book is that I did n't really like the main protagonists . Patrick is extremely loyal to his numerous friends , but I ca n't see why he has so many . Angie also seemed quite flat and unimpressive . In the end , the story was so compelling that it really did n't matter .
 I 've said this before and I 'll say this again
 I like referring to the customer reviews here on Amazon , I find them to be a good reference if I am thinking of starting a new book . What I do n't like is how easily the five star rating is thrown around . To me , five star should be reserved for classics which will stand the test of time or those books with strong moral to teach.This book struck me like no other , though . It is a book that after I finished it at 11:30 PM -LRB- well past my normal bed time -RRB- I found that I could n't sleep , filled with excitement of what I had just read . I am not one to reach for detective novels often , I find them to be too `` cookie cutter , '' i.e. , someone dies , someone else looks for who-done-it , they find who-done-it . This book was much more than that . It left me feeling that picking up any other book would be a waste of time , a huge disappointment . I feel that reading -LRB- my favorite pastime -RRB- will not meet up to the bar set here by Dennis Lehane for the next little while , and that is really too bad . It is also , though , a fantastic gift .
 I sort of feel that the first book in this series was just one long excuse to present one action scene after another . This second volume digs a little deeper and we as readers are presented with a complicated story . Lehane has over time become one of my very favorite genre writers and I think that Mystic River is right up there with any genre book ever put onto paper . The Kenzi/Gennaro series is much more mundane than Lehanes masterpiece , but it is still fun . Here in ` Darkness ... ' Lehane does not let things go too far over the top . It still remains in the realm of somewhat believable . The great plot is powered along by a series of sophisticated -LRB- sophisticated for genre writing -RRB- character studies.You really should pick this book up if you want a pretty nice series to delve into . I do n't think that this book will disappoint you .
 Kenzie and Gennaro are back , and so is lehane with this masterblaster of a book . Brutally realistic action , the wriest of wry humor , and next-door characters makes this book a surefire hit .
 First , I thought the book was excellent . Great writing , very visually descriptive and nicely put together . Excellent characters that are complex and believable and interesting . I can see why Mr. Lehane uses them again and again in his future novels -LRB- a male and female pair of Private Detectives -RRB- . The book is written in the first person primarily , which I normally do n't care for but works well here because it 's not overdone -LRB- thus giving the reader many perspectives -RRB- . The villains and situations are very dark -LRB- as the title suggests -RRB- and I would compare Mr. Lehane 's `` monsters '' to the likes of Thomas Harris ' Hannibal Lector although the descriptions of the acts done on others are not quite as graphic -LRB- which can be a plus , if you 're reading while eating lunch for example -RRB- . The plot is a clever mystery and realistic on all levels especially regarding the main character 's -LRB- Patrick -RRB- relationships with the other characters in the novel . If you enjoy authors like Patricia Cornwell or Thomas Harris or Phillip Margolin , then I recommend you try this novel . You wo n't be disappointed .
 Lehane 's first book , A Drink Before the War was good and this one is too . I think this one is more stomach churning . It was very hard to put down and do something else . Places in it are vey terrifying . Kenzie and Gennaro are caught in the middle of a serial killers rage . Are there one or two . Only time will tell . Several people Kenzie cares about are killed and most in a bad , bad manner . The end was good as the killer was caught but will Kenzie and Gennaro ever be the same again ??? Wonder how the next book can pick up the peices and go on ? If you like a book that will hold your attention and make you scared to go to bed , this is the book for you . You knows you lurks out there ?? Will Patrick Kenzie be affected for ever ? As it says on page 213 in paperback , '' You ca n't clean sewers for a living and come home smelling like soap . It `` ll eat at you , as long as you do this work . It 'll hollow you out . ''
 Lehane 's second novel in the series is , like his first , impossible to put down once you start . The identity of the villain may be a tad disappointing because this character seemed somewhat underdrawn , but that 's a minor quibble . There are ample complexities and surprises in this fast-paced , well-plotted story .
 Outstanding . A nice spin on a long-term serial killer . I could hear the gunshots , feel the pain from victims and even felt the cold steel and oozing blood from a stiletto . WOW ! I read this right aftwer `` Mystic River '' but I will take the advice of another reviewer and now read the rest of his work in order . My only dilemma will be either read them slowly or quickly . I do n't want his work to end .
 If you love noir and crime fiction with great dialog that rivals Elmore Leonards , then pick up this book . This book is the sequel to A Drink before the war and picks up after that one ends . I recommend reading the entire Kenzie/Gennaro series in order to help enhance the experience but this one is my favorite of the first three that I have read . Great stuff here and sure to please .
 I love the Kenzie/Gennaro series , and this is the best in the bunch . Great plotting , wonderful primary and secondary characters , and ruminations on the nature of evil that do n't distract from the suspense .
 I do not hand out many 5 star ratings . They should be reserved for books of unusual stature like TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD or FIFTH BUSINESS . But Lehane has written a dark and horrific masterpiece . He is indeed a deep and thoughtful author . Every mood and emotion is pitch perfect . Lehane has created not just memorable characters that give short term excitement , but rich compelling characters that speak to universal experiences . Lehane makes us think as we read , which is no easy task in popular fiction . Themes of honor , betrayal , fear , and vengeance are explored in an uncomfortable way . -LRB- and thats a good thing -RRB- To see how far a ` hero ' will go for the greater good is indeed interesting and our hero does questionable things before he sees what the darkness will require of him . This a must read .
 I am totally caught up in the series . These books have a lot of great suspense , action and mystery . The only negative is , these books have a lot of violence and sensitive subjects like ones dealing with child abuse . I really like the way Lehane has developed the characters of Angie and Patrick . This book had a lot of developments in their relationship . Ca n't wait to read the next one .
 I can not believe how much I was into this book ! The characters were as good and vivid as `` A Drink Before the War , '' and I can not wait to read `` Sacred . '' Lehane does things to his characters that make them come alive , and the story needless to say is so unique . READ THIS BOOK !!!
 ` Darkness , Take My Hand ' is certainly a book not for the squeamish , as are Lehane 's other books . In it we have our Boston private eyes -LRB- a man/woman pairing who , naturally , form something beyond a professional relationship -RRB- embroiled in a mystery where psychopaths mutilate residents of an inner Boston neighborhood . As the story unravels we understand these criminal monsters actually have their origins many years earlier , with a direct relationship to one of the private eye 's own childhood . This book is filled with Lehane 's characteristic plot twists , and the story matures nicely to a fine conclusion.But this book is not great . I felt the prose was somewhat weaker than in other Lehane novels ; this man is capable of writing * literature * . But ` Darkness ... ' seems to be relatively devoid of witty dialogue or sparkling prose , unlike for example ` Prayers for Rain ' . However Lehane is still in fine form with wonderful characterizations.Bottom line
 Dennis Lehane is an acclaimed mystery writer whose recent novel , Mystic River , has been made into a current hit movie . Before Mystic River , however , Lehane was exploring Boston 's dark and gritty underside in a series featuring PI 's Patrick Kenzie and Angela Gennaro . Darkness , Take My Hand , is the second of the series and the first Lehane I 've read.The novel starts simply enough with a request from psychiatrist , Diandra Warren , who has received a threat against her son and who wants the PI duo to discover the nature of the threat . At first , Patrick and Angie seem to be normal human beings simply doing a job , though sexual tension between the two is suggested , but as the novel progresses both are revealed to have had troubled lives touched by , yes , darkness . But violence soon erupts in a series of murders , dismemberments , and other grotesque events . With them emerges a passel of pathological misfits , all of whom seem to have some connections with one another in their dark corner of Boston . The FBI enters the picture ; so do the local police . The book is not the type to read hit and miss inasmuch as the complexities of plot and the large cast of nasties are difficult to keep track of . Sex is also present in graphic terms and scenes.Lehane seems to be saying that we can never escape the past , the hurts , the disappointments , the brutalities of life . This is not a book for the squeamish or those whose idea of mysteries is the British-style cozies of gentility and manners . So be forwarned . But if you like dipping into the darkness -LRB- there , I 've used that word again ! -RRB- of the soul and the depraved thoughts , words , and deeds of some members of the human race , then read this novel . If not , leave it on the library shelf .
 Darkness , Take My Hand is the second book in Dennis Lehane 's series about Patrick Kenzie . The first book , A Drink Before the War , was also Lehane 's first novel and it won the Shamus award . Patrick Kenzie is a cynical , often funny , sometimes poignant Boston PI who works out of an old church belfry with his partner Angie Gennaro , and who now has a girlfriend , Grace , who has a daughter , Mae.In the beginning , Patrick is contacted by a woman who has , among other things , anonymously received a photograph of her son in the mail and is concerned about his safety . Patrick and Angie tail her son for several weeks , and it is n't long before they 're worried about their safety as well . Throw in the Mafia , the FBI , and a few serial killers , and you have Darkness , Take My Hand.As with the first in the series , this book is a startling portrait of Boston , beautifully drawn by a man who grew up in the areas he writes about . But Darkness falls just short of War in most other respects . The plot is messy , tangled in places , and my credulity was strained by how far reaching the web is which has ensnared Patrick . There are many killers in this book . However , the lead characters are real and sympathetic . We care about them . We do n't want the darkness to take them away , even as it takes their hands ... Regrettably , I have found most seconds in a series fall somewhat short of the first . Darkness , Take My Hand is no exception . But it is also funny , sad , and very , very dark . Worth reading .
 I read this book in a matter of two days . It was my first Dennis Lehane book and it certainly is not my last !!!! I actually happened to find this hardcover treasure at a book store on clearance , and I am so glad I did ! The characters of Angie and Patrick are so real and their commraderie -LRB- spelling ? -RRB- is what makes the story flow . I love the whole `` serial killer '' stories to begin with , and this one had my hair standing on end !! A must read for all mystery lovers . This is the new master of suspense !
 This was probably the most intense of the Kenzie/Gennaro series . I lived in Dorchester for four years . I know all the places mentioned.It is hard boiled and certainly not for the squemish.A twenty year killing spree . The idea of the Waterfront Condo shrink coming from the old neighborhood never occured to me.This one kept me guessing and kept me from putting it down .
 This taut thriller is a great read . The characters are vividly drawn and the plot hums . This is the first book I have read in the Kenzie / Gennaro series . It definitely wo n't be the last . Set in Boston , there is a psycho killer on the loose and bodies are falling all around Kenzie and Gennaro . Great read !!
 I love Dennis Lehane 's books , and this one is no exception . Mysterious , fast-paced , and wisecracking , the story pulls you in from the first page and does n't stop until the last . Highly recommended !
 Once again Dennis Lehane hits a home run . Great book , amzing series . Kinzie and Gennaro are some of my favorite characters in any series . Would recommend these books to anyone .
 Lehane is able place the reader in the neighborhood I grew up in . I can see the streets , stores , and other buildings that he is writing about even if he change their names . Great reading and makes you not want to put the kindle down until you have finished the book . .
 Ihave enjoyed following the personal & professional lives of kenzie & Gennerio , its fun to follow the development & subquent solving of the mystery .
 Love his writing style , makes you feel as if you are on the streets of Boston . Does a great job of building the characters , unsavory as many of them may be . This is my second Lehane book , the first , A Drink Before The War , was even better than this one . Ca n't wait to read another .
 O novo mestre do thriller noir , Dennis Lehane evoca de forma digna e magn&iacute;fica , a selvageria da classe trabalhadora de Boston , nesta est&oacute;ria de redeno.Patrick Kenzie e ngela Gennaro , a dupla de detetives particulares que nos foi apresentada atrav&eacute;s do livro Um drink antes da guerra , tem como cliente , uma famosa psiquiatra de Boston , Diandra Warren , que est&aacute; fugindo apavorado , de uma vingana da m&aacute;fia irlandesa.Uma de suas pacientes , Moira Kenzie , disse que tinha sido estuprada por Kevin Hurlihy , um membro sociopata da m&aacute;fia irlandesa , que cresceu nas vizinhanas de Patrick e ngela.Nascidos e criados nas ruas de Dorchester , a dupla j&aacute; viram tudo de escurido na vida , mas o mal que os espera no os pega prevenidos , libertando segredos h&aacute; muitos anos escondidos e criando uma cadeia de assassinatos violentos.Hurlihy ameaa a m&eacute;dica e seu filho Jason.Enquanto os detetives tentam proteger Jason , uma outra vizinha , Kara Rider , &eacute; encontrada crucificada.Patrick procura crimes anteriores e similares a esse e encontra um que aconteceu na regio , h&aacute; 20 anos atr&aacute;s . Mas o suspeito desse crime est&aacute; na cadeia.Enquanto Patrick se envolve em mem&oacute;rias antigas e dolorosas , ele perde a mulher que ama , Grace Cole , apavorada com a brutalidade que cerca sua vida.Quando a dupla descobre que os assassinatos esto relacionados as suas pr&oacute;prias juventudes , eles so os pr&oacute;ximos alvos . `` Somos humanos , portanto , somos o caos . `` ngela Gennaro &eacute; uma personagem maravilhosa , por quem o leitor ir&aacute; se apaixonar.Lembrando que essa s&eacute;rie de Dennis Lehane deve e tem de ser lida na ordem , seno perde-se o fio da meada .
 I read this book quickly , unable to put it down . I was caught up in the story and totally invested in the lives of the well-drawn characters . I really liked this book , it 's another that I could do with a 4.5 * rating for !
 Whenever I read another author who 's written much in this genre and am disappointed , I remember Dennis Lehane and how indeed it IS possible to be consistently fantastic in giving his readers yet another unique plot and utterly outstanding writing to bring it to fruition . `` Darkness ... '' is another gem .
 Hannibal Lecter meets Stephen King 's `` IT `` Another dynamic detective novel from Dennis Lehane starring Patrick Kenzie and Angela Gennaro . A tight , well written page turner that continues the Boston saga of the mean streets of blue-collar Dorchester . Old secrets explode as evil envelops everyone.Kenzie and Gennaro face their toughest case yet as a trio of sadists murder at will notifying their intended victims with their surreptitiously taken photographs through the mails . As the story draws to a dramatic close , Angela is shot while Kenzie deals with the evil leader of the sadistic killers.Character development was superb . Mr. Lehane does a very good job of fleshing out all the characters . The reader is kept in suspense as to who the leader of the killers is until the final chapters . All in all a terrific read.Some very graphic violence and rough language but all germane to the plot . No gratuitous sex.Outstanding , must read if you are into the detective genre . Good for the beach or that long plane ride . Dennis Lehane is a master storyteller .
 Darkness Take My Hand was a wonderfully well written work . The first Lehane book I read was Drink Before the War . I enjoyed the style and the characters were fun . Therefore , I looked forward to a continuation of Kenzie & Gennaro which I found in Darkness Take My Hand . This book is honestly one of the best I have had the pleasure of reading . It beat out my all time favorite , The Stand . The suspense was chilling , the storyline flowed and the characters , compelling . I have passed it on many friends who are now huge Lehane fans . Some ca n't find the book and have requested that I locate the one I gave away , sure . I am looking forward to Sacred which I plan to purchase tomorrow in hard cover .
 When reading the reviews for this book , I was a little surprised at the negative ones . I purchased this book without reading any reviews , and so had a `` blank slate '' from which to judge it . I thoroughly enjoyed Janet Aylmer 's take on Mr. Darcy . Ms. Aylmer took a very sympathetic view of our hero and created a very plausible complement to Jane Austen 's orignial work .
 I was suspicious of this , since Pride and Prejudice is one of my all time favorite books , and I 've read a couple of `` sequels '' that the author 's modern sensibilites shone through a little too much . But this had the total flavor of the original , while providing a very believable and unique insight to Darcy . You can almost imagine it coming from Jane Austen 's pen . It quotes from the original whenever possible , and provides a pleasing insight to their courtship period . I very highly recommend it , it 's one of the best books I 've read in a long time .
 This was one book I absolutely could NOT put down . I have always been a serious admirer of Jane Austen and I love Pride and Prejudice ; and now , Janet Alymer has just taken a huge step to satisfying my curiosity of Mr. Darcy . It was the comfortable feeling I had , with Ms. Aylmer 's ability and style , that made her story of Mr. Darcy and Miss Bennet very believable indeed !!
 This book is basically Pride and Prejudice -LRB- which I shall hereafter refer to as P&P -RRB- as told from Mr Darcy 's perspective . Some of this book is straight from P&P , Some of it is the author 's imagination . It is a very active imagination , though . I like this book quite a bit . Because of the change of primary protagonist , some of the characters that had little exposure in P&P -LRB- Georgiana Darcy , Elizabeth Bennet 's Uncle and Aunt Gardiner -RRB- get much more exposure here and their lives are more explored . All of your favorite moments happen again , albeit perhaps slightly differently than you remembered them -LRB- try viewing things from someone else 's eyes and see if it looks different to you too -RRB- . Totally kid-safe , with everything appropriate to the period and next to nill sexual content . A fun , enjoyable read .
 Great read ! Always intrigued by what Mr. Darcy 's thoughts and actions were away from Elizabeth . This book gives you a backstory of Darcy 's conversations with his sister about his feelings for Elizabeth . Very good idea
 Could not put it down . Loved this book and never wanted it to end . Just as good as Pride and Prejudice
 Mr. Darcy 's point of view . I enjoyed Ms. Aylmer 's working of this perspective . If you love the story but want to read it from a little different angle this one is for you .
 Darcy 's Story is very , very similar to Pride & Prejudice . Many of the scenes where Darcy and Elizabeth are together are written much the same as they appear in P&P ; and the dialog is lifted word-for-word for their major scenes.Why would anyone read it , then ? If you really love Pride & Prejudice , you might enjoy it from a slightly different angle . Instead of re-reading your favorite , you can re-live it in Darcy 's Story . Mr. Darcy 's thoughts , peppered into the familiar text , make their relationship new , all over again . When Darcy and Elizabeth are apart , the book breaks new ground into his life and takes a break from Elizabeth 's . Darcy 's Story is shorter than P&P ; , which I like . The characters and the story are true to Jane Austen 's original .
 I picked up this book because I loved `` Pride and Prejudice '' by Jane Austen . This book tells Darcy 's side of the story , and tells it very well . I enjoyed this book .
 I though this book was really good . I liked the fact that the P&P was told from Darcy 's point of view . The original dialogue provided familiarity while adding a bit of difference due to Darcy 's thoughts being added . My only complaint
 I never read book reviews prior to reading a book . In this case I am glad for I would have missed reading this one . I liked this book very much . I have read comments that it lifted from P&P and lacked imagination . That may be so , but what this book does is fill in the gaps and allows the reader to take the relationship further . Maybe I liked it so very well because I dislike books that do not keep characters consistent . I found this book very pleasing , and like visiting an old friend again with fresh conversation .
 Janet Aylmer does n't elaborate on Jane Austen 's storyline in Darcy 's Story ; she simply retells the original story from Darcy 's view . Considering that Pride and Prejudice is told from Lizzy 's perspective , and much is about her family , this book is simple , condensed , and can be read in one sitting . This is not a criticism , as I found the book charming . Yes , I noticed a few of the editing errors , but they did n't stop me from enjoying the book for what the author intended . I loved being taken back into Darcy and Elizabeth 's world for a short time . Aylmer could have taken me deeper , yes , but I loved where she did take me . She illustrated Darcy 's doubts about his character after being dressed down so horribly by Elizabeth . She captured his growing love for Eliza , and his goal of showing her his improvements . Nevertheless , there is not sufficient character development involved in this book for it to be read without first reading the original . This book is not meant to replace Pride and Prejudice , but rather to augment the perspective . If you are familiar with the whole story , and just want to quickly revisit the romantic passions of Austen 's original , this book will satisfy .
 First of all , I thoroughly enjoyed this book . After reading Pride and Prejudice , I kept wondering more and more about Darcy , what HE was thinking , what HE was doing ? Elizabeth was carefully and wonderfully portrayed by Jane Austen . I would have loved for Jane Austen to have gone into Darcy 's life more , but she did n't . When I purchased Darcy 's Story by Janet Aylmer , I never expected to read it like a Jane Austen novel . I just wanted a story behind Darcy , the way I would think really happened at that time in history . The fact that Janet Aylmer kept the storyline in sync with Pride and Prejudice was wonderful for me . I knew where we were with each chapter . I knew where Elizabeth was , and now I know where Darcy was.Overall , I have to say I really enjoyed reading Darcy 's side of Pride and Prejudice through Janet Aylmer 's interpretation . I think Jane would have approved !
 http://tickettoanywhere.blogspot.comAlmost 200 years ago Jane Austen wrote and publilshed Pride & Prejudice , a novel that would stand the test of time , winning the hearts of new fans with each passing generation . For even though the novel was written so long ago its themes and characters have withstood the test of time . I first fell in love with Elizabeth and Mr. Darcy several years ago by chance . Stumbling across the book one day in the bookstore not realizing that it would soon become a most beloved friend . It did n't take long to read Austen 's novel and it was a book that I have revisited often over the years . Throughout all my readings I have always wondered about Mr. Darcy . What was he thinking ? As well as what happened after the story ended . -LRB- Which was much to soon in my humble opinion ! -RRB- . Despite my wanting to know what happened afterwards I have steered away for all the various `` sequels '' to the story that people have written over the years . I read some of the reviews and they were always mixed from those that loved them and those that thought they were horrible additions to a beloved story . Therefore I stayed away from them all so that P&P ; would n't be tarnished for me in any way.That is until this past weekend when a friend of mine recommended a new novel , Darcy 's Story by Janet Alymer . This was n't a sequel but a companion novel told from the point of view of the enigmatic Mr. Darcy . Others have tried to recommend books to me based on P&P ; but I never really paid them much attention since there was always a little criticism mixed in with the praise . This friend was different . She admitted that while , at the time , she had n't read much that she thoroughly enjoyed all that she had . That made me curious and so I bought the book soon afterwards.It was instant love . Alymer uses a lot of the dialogue that Austen herself wrote which adds so much realism to the story for which there has been much criticism . In my opinion , the transcribed dialogue only helps in creating a seamless transition between the original story and the new additions . I do n't think that I would have enjoyed this book half as much if she had n't used the original text . After all , if it ai n't broke , why fix it?Alymer captures the essence of Mr. Darcy and all the other characters in the story . One can tell that Alymer is a true fan and took time and care with how the events were laid out . I loved all the added scenes that were only alluded to in Austen 's story . They played out as I had pictured them . There has also been criticism about the length of time that Alymer spent on the various scenes between Darcy & Mr. Wickham . However , Austen herself never spent much time on them so why should Alymer do any different . Mr Wickham was only a minor character , the story revolved around Elizabeth and Mr Darcy to dwell on events not involving the two of them only takes away from their story . Reading Darcy 's Story brought me back to the time when I first read Pride & Prejudice I loved every moment of it and as with P&P ; hated when it was over . So many people have tried over the years to emulate Austen 's style with mixed results based on all the reviews that I have read . However I find that Alymer has succeeded in channeling Austen and created a novel that will stand the test of time as a worthy companion novel to the original . I think that Jane Austen would be very proud of what Janet Alymer has done with her characters . In conclusion , I am very thankful to my friend Chris , because without her heartfelt recommendation I never would have picked up this book.http : / / tickettoanywhere.blogspot.com
 Despite the opinion of others , I rather enjoyed this book , being such an avid Austen enthusiast . I have often wondered quietly to myself what exactly was going through the mind of our dear Mr. Darcy during this moment , or what he was really thinking when Lizzie said this , that , or the other . Perhaps Miss Aylmer did n't mirror Jane Austen 's style of writing completely , but when again , who really could ? Jane had a style of her own , and even the best of today 's authors could n't mimic her completely . This book was meant as a light-hearted twist on a story that both Miss Aylmer and her daughter share a bond over . She wrote it for her daughter , as I understand . So despite the repetativeness , the exact copy of Pride and Prejudice passages , and the thinness of the book , I personally enjoyed it and recommend it to others . Others being strict fans of Pride and Prejudice that is .
 Despite the skeptics on this book , I had a great time reading it . I read the whole thing in two sittings , which is good for me because I read rather slowly and I have a very short attention span when it comes to reading books . I love Pride and Prejudice and decided to give this one a shot . I 'm incredibly pleased . Darcy is great ! Just like I imagined him to be in the original . I liked the interesting plot with Lady Catherine , and his trust in Georgiana . Darcy 's Story gives Darcy a human heart from page one .
 This was an enjoyable quick read . Looking forward to the next book !
 ` Pride and Prejudice ' has become a beloved classic since Jane Austen originally penned it in 1813 . It is critically acclaimed , and millions of people across the globe consider it a timeless and perfect love story . Collin Firth brought Mr. Darcy to life in the 1995 BBC mini-series . And many others have tried as well . Mr. Darcy , always a mystery , was not the spotlight of Austen 's ` Pride and Prejudice ' . Austen 's novel instead focused on Darcy 's love interest , Miss Elizabeth Bennet . Janet Aylmer now gives is us Mr. Fitzwilliam Darcy 's story.Aylmer , a pen name for an Austen enthusiast , took on a task that will undergo the scrutiny of the literary world . She dares to tell Darcy 's side of the romance and gives the world a glimpse into his life . Can her story , about the life of this literary hero , compete with the imaginations of those so familiar with this love story ? Now the world has a chance to better sympathize with Darcy 's plight . Now we can better understand his obligation to social standing , his apparent snobbery towards the Bennet family and most importantly his change of heart.Honestly this is the kind of book you wait for with trepidation . Can it possibly meet your expectations ? Will the image of Darcy you created in you mind , as you filled in the missing gaps , be forever destroyed by one person 's interpretation . Well , my hat off to Ms. Aylmer ! She did it . She dared to take a chance for Mr. Darcy and his reputation and it paid off.Aylmer created what should be hailed as another classic . Had this book not been written nearly 200 years post ` Pride and Prejudice ' then one would think Austen penned this book herself . The flow of the story matches Austen 's own styling . The brilliance of intertwining Austen 's original conversation helps hold the timeline of ` Pride and Prejudice ' together . The language of the time is equally as beautiful and as with Austen 's original Aylmer takes you back in time to the sitting rooms and country dances of yesteryear.I have to admit I have fallen in love with Fitzwilliam Darcy all over again . All of the imperfections are still there . He is frustratingly snobbish and yet now I have a better understanding as to why . Thanks to Aylmer we now understand Darcy 's decisions . Your heart breaks as he blunders his way through this romance and you hold your breath as you turn the page even through you already know the story 's end . While in Austen 's ` Pride and Prejudice ' we are unsure of Darcy 's doings when absent from Bennet , the same is equally true about Bennet in Aylmer 's story . Now we discover what goes on in Darcy 's life when he returns to Pemberley and his life of social obligation.While I am glad that Darcy 's side of the story has finally been told , it is a shame that it has taken so long . Can anyone measure up to Firth 's performance ? I say no ! And as such , this book can never make the big screen as I dream . Unmistakably , Darcy 's Story is the greatest adaptation of Austen 's original Pride and Prejudice . I think Austen would be pleased with Aylmer 's story and even Jean Bowden , curator of the Jane Austen House , agreed that '' -LSB- Aylmer -RSB- is faithful to Jane Austen 's plot and to her characters . '' Certainly Darcy 's Story will find a permanent home on my bookshelf.Coutesy of Courtesy of CK2S Kwips and Kritiques
 item was in discribed condition and was here on time . few pages had stains but nothing really bad . thank you
 The Author is true to the original Pride and Prejudice . It is a good read that has made my wife fall even more in love with Mr Darcy .
 I have often wondered just what was going on in poor Mr. Darcy 's mind . While I realize Jane Austen is the only one who will ever truly know , this book does capture the spirit of Jane Austen 's tale and I would n't be suprised if it comes quite close to what she would have written . Loved the story . Read it in a day .
 This is an excellent book for those who love Pride and Prejudice.The ladies in our office have really enjoyed reading it .
 I am very surprised at how many terribly reviews this story received . Maybe the difference is that I had low expectations when I picked it up , and it far exceeded my expectations . I felt it remained faithful to the style and pace of Austen 's original , and I liked the fact that the author used much of the original text -- it felt like a natural extension of the original story that way , which I believe was the author 's intent . I thoroughly enjoyed the book and will look for other works by Aylmer .
 I loved this book ! It is short , but that is not a drawback at all . It would go perfectly blended into the original P&P ; book . You could almost tell where each chapter would fit into P&P ; ! It gives you the chance to see into the thoughts of Darcy in quick to the point view , much like Darcy himself . I borrowed this boook from my sis-in-law who is a Lit nut and will only own great P&P ; sequals , which is why I read it to start with . -LRB- she also lent me The Bar Sinister which I also loved ! -RRB- I think that this was a great read and wonderful point of view !
 This book has the feel of JD Robbs `` In Death '' series . The main character , Sam , is a thief . Rick is the super-rich love interest who wants Sam to go straight . Mildly familiar or not , it 's fun . And like Robb 's series , the romance continues past the first book . So often with romances -- everything comes to a happy stopping point . In this series , however , the relationship continues to develop in the following books . I enjoy the growth of the story and the return of characters as `` main '' characters instead of cameo 's in subsequent books . I would recommend it . See book 2 , `` Do n't Look Down '' ; book 3 `` Billionaires Prefer Blondes '' ; and book 4 `` A Touch of Minx '' . If you like the idea of a continuing love story and a mystery check out the In Death series and Brenda Joyce 's `` Deadly '' series . The first books are Naked in Death and Deadly Love .
 Suzanne Enoch has written a hip , sexy and funny book about a professional thief and her new mark or rather love interest who is rich beyond belief . Not many authors have the skill to pull off these wonderful characters and their witty conversations , but Enoch does an incredible job , perhaps even better than her trademark historical romances.Samantha is a professional thief who learned her trade from her dead father . She is hired to steal a priceless artifact from Rick Addison , who is mega rich , hotter than hot and a press reporter 's dream.But Sam has been set up and Rick finds her with her hands in the so-called cookie jar . But a bomb blows and that is the beginning of their relationship.They team up to find out who wanted to kill Rick or maybe even Sam along with setting her to take the fall . Rick starts to fall for this mysterious woman and soon they are partners in bed . And those scenes are very hot and sexy to read!Flirting with Danger is such an enjoyable and inventive start in a series about two people who are so different from each other , but fall hard into each other 's arms.Funny , action and of course some hot sex is an only a bit of what awaits . Plus Rick has a thing for expensive cars and loves to hold Sam 's hand . Sam just likes to jump his bones.A true winner from Suzanne Enoch!KatiebabsDon ' t Look DownBillionaires Prefer BlondesA Touch of Minx -LRB- Avon Romance -RRB-
 As someone who has never read any of Enoch 's historical romances , I was pleasantly surprised by this book . I picked it up in the store because of its bright , interesting cover , and I 'm glad I did . The writing is excellent , the characters are delightful , and the suspense story ca n't be beat.However , I must say that the romance between the two main characters seemed to take a back seat to the suspense plot . I was more interested in the conclusion of the mystery than I was in the romance - there was never any question of whether or not the two characters would end up together , since they were together almost immediately after meeting . Ms. Enoch seems to only be able to write suspense in one element of her book , and the suspense of the romance is gone here.The mystery is excellent , wonderfully complicated and impossible to figure out . I did n't know what was happening until the surprising ending . Sam Jellicoe , a professional thief , is a delightful character , and Richard Addison , the rich man she tries to steal from , is a very sexy romantic hero.I would recommend this book to anyone , although if you are looking for a true romance novel then you may be a bit disappointed . I look forward to reading more of Suzanne Enoch 's books .
 Back in November , I was going through a difficult period in my life . My friends and family had turned their backs on me and the only thing that got me by one day at a time were the words of Suzanne Enoch . I connected with Samantha Jellicoe the most . . a girl with a dangerous job but a heart of gold . . If she could fall in love , why could n't I ? If she could go back to law school but then drop out and decide to become a doctor and move to California to be near her lover , Why could n't I ? I have Samantha 's lion heart and courageous will to thank . In the end I decided to go through with the haircut and I got bangs . My family was wrong , I looked great .
 I 've been avoiding Enoch , because I suspected all her books involved delicate and stupid women . Picked this up on the off chance , and was pleasantly suprised . Imagine ! A woman who actually participates in the solution of her problems . Wow ! What a revolutionary idea . And not just participates , but contributes valuable skills and knowledge . At best , these books usually involve a woman who knows alot about a subject , but a man who knows more -LRB- Nora Roberts , sexist extraordinaire , is the foremost example of this -RRB- . But Enoch lets the female be strong and sexy , and the male be strong and sexy and it all works beautifully.I ran out and bought a couple of her other books . DOWNER ! They are just as I thought ! I forbid Ms. Enoch to write historicals from now on . Your mission , Ms. Enoch -LRB- and you simply MUST accept it ! -RRB- is to rescue us starving but intelligent romance lovers from the gag inducing banality offered by most writers and publishers .
 I found the opening of the book intriguing , and I was interested in the characters for a while . But about 2/3 's of the way through the book , I became weary of it . It just kept going and going . It is also very hard to get past the fact that the lead male character falls so hard for a thief ! If I found a thief in my house , no matter how handsome he was , I would not want to date him . I would say read it as long as it interests you , then skip through the rest . You do n't lose anything doing that .
 This is a fast one . When is the next one coming ?
 I admit to reading anything this author writes ... she is that good . I was so suprised when I found out that one of my favorite historical romance authors had switched gears and genres ! My first thought was ... `` a contemporary romantic supsense read ? No way ! '' WAY ! Ms. Enoch has mangaged to switch gears without missing a step . The end result is a rather funny but entertaining read that you wo n't want to miss out on.Sam Jellico is a thief . She has her standards but she 's a thief none the less . She has just broken into Rick Addison 's home . She is there for one item , and one item only . What she ends up getting is caught and not in the way you think . One minute she 's almost home free ... the next she is saving rich Rick from being blow sky high . Problem with this is she is now considered a suspect in the death of a security guard . She has only one witness to the fact that she did n't kill anyone ... if anything she saved a life , and that witness is ... yup , you guessed it Rick . Wull she be able to convince this handsome Brit that they can and should work together to figure out just who on earth wants Rick dead?Rick should have been in Germany ... instead he 's home and right in the thick of things when BAM ! His life is turned upside down . He knows that his lady thief is not responsible but the police think otherwise . Than the minx breaks in AGAIN and offers to make a deal with him . Should he get himself tied up with the beautiful thief or should he take his chances with a killer?This was a very fast read ! Samanatha and Rick are great characters . Both are strong willed and used to being in charge . It was fun to read about them falling in love while hunting for a sick would be murder . Ms. Enoch has taken on the genre of romantic suspense and has done so with style . I highly recommend this read and this author.Official Reviewer for www.romancedesigns.com
 I do love Enoch 's historicals so I was slightly hesitant to read her first contemporary . Thank goodness I did ! Flirting with Danger is a fast , fun romp and I have tosay I think that her contemporary voice is even better than her historical one.I wo n't give a plot synopsis . You can get that from the book description.Sam is a wonderful heroine . I loved how unashamed she was of her past . She 's unique and interesting and wholly likeable in her twisted nature . How rare is that?And Rick ? Oh my . Rich - check . Hot beyond hot - check . Totally adores Sam - check . Strong , muscular , handsome - check . Yeah , nice one.Fun and interesting mystery . Excellent secondary characters . Steamy hot chemistry . Great dialog . I quite enjoyed Flirting With Danger and I 'll definitely be looking forward to the others in the series !
 I must admit I was extremely hesitant to purchase this book . I 've never been a fan of contemporary romance , preferring instead to escape into historicals , and finding that contemporaries can be on occassion more vulgar than I am willing to read . However I had read every other book written by Suzanne Enoch , and was confidant that if anyone could satisfactorily introduce me to contemporaries it would be her.I am pleased to say that I was n't disappointed.Both leads were likeable , the dialogue was witty and fun , and the plot was fast-paced and kept my attention . Also I 'll admit I have a weakness for attractive British billionaires -LRB- really , who does n't ? -RRB- . If you are only hesitating from purchasing this book because it 's a contemporary , hesitate no longer . Snatch it up now and enjoy a quick , satisfying read by an extremely talented author .
 This book was an exceptional read . I usually tend to stick to historical without the occasional modern . This is definitely on my list to read again which almost never happens with modern romance . The characters were believable and not to contrived . Sam 's attraction to Rick was visible from first sight and Rick 's attraction to Sam was evident from the second break in . Their mutual lust brought them together to solve the crime which played nicely against the romance and was not suddenly pushed to the back.The changes they brought to each others life gave them things they were missing in their own lives which led to slow trust and then love . I love this book and wholeheartedly recommend it .
 I was attracted to this story because of the unusual protagonist - Samantha Jellicoe , a cat burglar . Sam is hired - through her agent , of course - to retrieve an item from the mansion of Richard Addison . Sam 's done her research concerning security , and Addison is out of town . Except that Sam gets caught , and ends up saving Addison 's life in an explosion that was supposed to take care of a theft - and Sam - at the same time . Sam goes on the lam , until she decides that the only way to clear her name of a theft she did n't do and find her enemy is to join forces with Addison . Falling in love was n't part of the plan . A very humorous tale of romantic suspense , with an excellent mystery intertwined . I enjoyed the humor and the mystery .
 Flirting with Danger is a well written novel and I am looking forward to the next installment . I laughed so hard . Suzanne Enoch normally writes historicals . I had read an excerpt for this novel and was just a little nervous about reading it . I however thoroughly enjoyed it and would recommend it to anyone looking for an excellent book.The heroine does a few stupid things that cause the reader to laugh as well as the stupid things the hero does . It takes place in the United Staets which is also a step away from normalcy for Ms. Enoch . There is murder and intrigue that draws the reader in as well as the chemistry between the two main characters . The second in the series will be out in January and continues to follow the story of Samantha Jellicoe and Richard Addison .
 This was a fantastic , fast read , with likeable , exciting characters , a fun , fast paced story line and all of the great details that I love about historical romances -- but in a modern setting . -LRB- Come on , who does n't like to fantasize about how the fantastically wealthy live , not matter the era . -RRB- I 'm not going to write a re-cap of the story . It 's been done , and done well . But I am going to say , if you as a romance reader have been disappointed with what has been published lately , as I have been -- this wo n't disappoint . While I enjoy all of the great fantasy romances that have been published over the last couple of years historical romances have been particularly dismal , even from my favorite author 's -LRB- and not Suzanne Enoch :-RRB- , as have contemporaries , so much so that I 've been having an a hard time feeding my romance novel habit.If there are any editors or publishers trolling Amazon , and I 'm in marketing so I know you do , kick up your publishing efforts , bring in some better editors , please . This is a growth market , I worked at a bookstore for about 3 years , romance readers will buy 3,4,8 books at a time if they are interesting and well written , and most of the regulars are like me - they buy weekly if there is stuff to buy . If I can find enough books to read , I 'll read anywhere from 4 to 7 books a week . So please spend more time on grooming new authors and editing your cash cows . I have n't enjoyed such a romance that was n't either romantica or fantasy romance , in months .
 The last thing wealthy businessman Rick Addison expected to find in his Palm Beach mansion after returning from Germany early is a sexy cat burglar . When she keeps him from getting killed in a blast , he 's not convinced that she was the culprit behind the crime . When she breaks in again to make a deal with him - help prove her innocence and she 'll help solve the crime - he at first turns her down . Samantha Jellicoe came into burglary as a family business , and has successfully eluded capture when liberating and `` relocating '' other 's priceless antiquities . She 's the perfect cohort for the upper crust Brit , while the bodies pile up around them . As they try to figure out how it all fits together , the two quickly burn up the pages with a steamy affair . But can he really trust his heart to a woman who lies and steals for a living after an especially bitter divorce?Enoch 's first foray into contemporary romance novels is a knock out . With two charismatic leads , hysterical situations , true suspense , and great dialogue , she has created the perfect romantic-comedy-suspense . Her heroine is a kick butt gal who takes no gruff until she meets her match , while her lover tries to keep a stiff upper lip and keep up with her . It 's a treat from cover to cover.Enoch has included a bonus at the end - her musings on what it took to change genres from historical romances to contemporary romantic suspense . It 's a nice insider 's guide on the creation process of a writer , and just as humorous as her novel . The adventures of Sam and Rick continue in the sequels `` Do n't Look Down '' and `` Billionaires Prefer Blondes . '' If either follow up is as good as the intro , this is quite a series !
 I was very pleasantly surprised by this book . I 'm not usually a mordern romance reader , but I enjoy SE 's historicals , so I gave it a shot.The characters have some really clever dialogue and the plot was fast and engaging . I ca n't wait to read the sequel .
 ` Flirting with Danger ' by Suzanne Enoch is a great modern day mystery romance novel . Samantha is an international theft and breaks into British playboy millionaire Rick Addison estate . Before Samantha can steal the priceless antique , a bomb goes off and she saves Rick 's life . Samantha decides to work with Rick to clear her name and and solve the mystery . The last page of novel gives a humorous touch of Enoch old historical romance . Great book - was sad to finish it ! If you enjoyed mystery romance novel I would also suggest ` Saving Allegheny Green ' by Lori Wilde , Crazy For You by Kate Angell and Vanish With the Rose by Barbara Michaels .
 Seriously entertaining , witty , and delightful . Enoch really made her own brand here . I have to say I do n't care too much about her Regency books . But this book is something else . Definitely highly recommended .
 This was a great book and a good start for , what should be , a fun series .
 What a great book . The story was fast , funny and I did n't know until it was revealed who the `` bad guy '' was . It 's so satisfying to finish a book and say `` I love this book ! '' Enjoy .
 Though heavily guarded , Samantha Jellicoe broke into the wealthy Florida estate with ease . Inside the Solano Dorado House , her operation falls apart as security and the owner Richard Addison catch her . A bomb explodes killing the guard , but Sam manages to pull the unconscious Richard to safety before escaping into the night.The police suspect Sam , though they know her as `` Smith '' , murdered the guard and attempted to kill Richard ; he knows otherwise , but is unable to persuade anyone that she saved his life . With the heat on her and her partner under surveillance , Sam breaks into Richard 's home again offering a deal ; she will help him learn who wanted him dead while he helps clear her name of the homicide rap . As they work together they fall in love , but finding the culprit proves difficult.FLIRTING WITH DANGER is a fast-paced , action-packed romantic suspense that accelerates from the onset as Sam the cat burglar meets her latest target British businessman Richard . The story line stays at its rapid rate until the final confrontation with the villains . The lead duet are an interesting pairing because both are used to being in charge , making for extra sparks and conflict . Though his seemingly in the dark over other purloined valuables appears off kilter for his personality , fans will enjoy this cat burglar romance.Harriet Klausner
 I 've read this book several times already and I loved it from beginning to end . It 's so entertaining . The characters are refreshing in their extremes . I mean we 're talking about a mega-rich British hottie falling for a brilliant sexy cat burglar . What 's not to like ? The story is infused with lots of crime and mystery . It kept me on my toes . And the romance ... whew ... scorching ! I had to put down the book once in a while it was so hot ;-RRB- I loved the whole series and wish the silly publishers would pick it up again . I want to see more of Samantha and Richard ! Pretty please ... If you like good dialogue , witty smart characters , and a little mystery added to your romances then this is your series . If only it would continue : / It is definitely worth a read . Just like me you 'll be wanting MORE !!!
 Such a great book , I now have this in hard copy and on my Kindle - Enjoy the start of Samantha 's new life .
 It 's a fast paced , light-hearted , yet surprisingly rich , mystery/romance !! Samantha Jellicoe is one of the best , and most expensive , cat burglars in the world . That is why , when a bomb explodes in the very house she is stealing from , at the very moment she is doing her `` work '' , the red flags fly . Keeping the handsome , billionaire owner alive and getting out without getting caught is her first priority , however , it is n't until she discovers her life is in serious trouble later that she is forced to take action.This book is so much fun , one hates to put it down - even for a moment - to get anything else done ! If I did n't think the sex aspect was too soon and too much -LRB- totally personal , I admit -RRB- this would have been a definite 5 star just for sheer entertainment and excitement !
 This was recommended to me because I enjoy the In Death series by JD Robb -LRB- Nora Roberts -RRB- . This book is similar , but does n't have the same depth or skill in characterization as Robb 's works . However , it was an interesting read , with good pacing -LRB- dragged a little in some parts -RRB- . The tension/conflict between the characters was well done . If you enjoy romantic suspense , with a billionaire and thief thrown into the mix , you 'll enjoy this one . If you want something grittier , more intense , check out the In Death series by JD Robb -LRB- starting with Naked in Death -RRB- .
 This is my first Suzanne Enoch book and I am very pleased . She writes a mystery that is amusing , witty , and suspenseful . I will be reading more of her books in the coming months .
 I thoroughly enjoyed this restrained romance between burglar Samantha and billionaire Rick . Published in the Avon Romantic Suspense series which means there 's a lot of ` who cares ' plot which climaxes in a gobsmackingly violent denoument scene . The heroine gets her head battered repeatedly by the baddie . Unbelieveably she seems to make a complete recovery in just about 2 weeks . I felt all her pain even if she did n't . There are no secondary romances -LRB- praise be -RRB- and reading Sam and Rick together was a nicely sensuous experience.Sometimes I did n't really like how Samantha speaks but that was n't a big concern . After all the story is set in Palm Beach and we all know the wives/girlfriends of Florida millionaires are foul-mouthed . My other criticism is that the brit lord , Rick Addison , is mostly portrayed as refined , rich and classy when at the end of the novel he is shown to be a mean , vengeful shark . And the american heroine is too often called a no-class whore by other characters in the book when she 's nothing of the sort . Also ` Mr Wonderful ' Rick totally fails to protect Sam from harm . And he stops wearing ` body armor ' after only 2 days into their biblical relationship.With each twist and turn in the plot I kept asking myself ` Why does he stay with her , ' or ` Why does she stay with him . ' And I liked the fact that the answer was n't necessarily ` He has money , ' or ` She 's beautiful and clever . ` In the end I read the story about 2 or 3 times . And each time I felt more sympathy for Sam , the burglar heroine . Ok , she 's an unconvicted felon . But basically she goes through the whole story with some quite serious , deep cuts on her back and leg . Which she got when she protected Rick from the bomb blast . Yet she rarely complains nor does she allow her injuries to cramp her style.Plus . It 's not her fellow criminals who are doing all the killing .
 Enoch 's first contemporary novel is fresh , sexy and witty ; having read all her historicals I was wary of how she would translate into the 21st century , but Flirting was probably her best novel to date.Sam Jellicoe is a premier cat burglar who 's attempt to relieve British billionaire Rick Addison of an ancient collectible goes awry when a bomb kills a security guard during the job . Sam rescues Rick from the explosion -LRB- a nice switch -RRB- and , now a murder suspect , leverages his gratitude and her black market connections to persuade him to help untangle the mystery.The book was fast-paced , the dialogue was snappy , and the sexual tension between Sam and Rick keeps you nicely distracted from the sometimes-convoluted plot . At times the suspense was undermined by drawn out conversations about possible suspects and improbable plots as Sam and Rick tried to solve the mystery . Early hints also left little doubt about the identity and motives of the villain , though the ` how ' was elusive enough to keep me interested.However , one of the best things about this book was watching Rick 's character change as the story evolves . Rick was introduced as a bit of prig ; judgmental about Sam 's nefarious profession even while using her experience to decipher the plot against him -- but by the end of the book he was much closer to accepting her past . What made this transformation unique was Enoch 's decision to avoid the usual whitewash , i.e. , she was a thief because she had an abusive childhood or was valiantly supporting a younger sibling with her life of crime , etc.The book also appears to be the first in a series , reminiscent of JD Robb/Nora Robert 's Naked in Death ; though less gritty and more focused on romance than suspense . The characters also echo Naked , though here the criminal tendencies are on the female side , the male lead 's charming accent is British , and the tone is much more light-hearted . I very much enjoyed the book overall and look forward to reading the next in the series .
 Ok , so for a while now I have been searching for a Great new book as all my favorite series do not have anything new out . Well I am so happy to say that I found one ! After reading dozens of samples on my kindle and even pushing myself to finish the ones I bought out of their potential from the samples , I was still unsatisfied . I have read everything from Sci/Fyi , mystery , erotica , fireman , military / seals and more , and so many have the same pathetic relationship struggle and overdone feel to the storyline . Not this one ! Yes there is a little of the `` oh I 've been so independent for so long , I 've been burned before '' but it was put in the story in small doses at the right times . The story and the journey is what brought them -LRB- or sold the relationship to the reader -RRB- together , not a bunch of corny lines and mushy over the top sharing of feelings . The story plot built the relationship while keeping the male lead extremely sexy , keeping the female lead from being annoying in anyway , and topped it all off with a truly sexy kick a $ & mystery / action adventure ! I will be reading this author again -LRB- and possibly again , and again -RRB-
 It seems like so many historical romance authors are turning to modern romances and some are doing a better job than others . Ms. Enoch is one of those doing better . Rick and Sam are complex characters that catch your interest and hold it . The plot works , the characters work , we have humor , we have sex , we have conflict and the story pulls you in and wo n't let go . It 's one of those books you do n't want to end . Fortunately , it wo n't since Ms. Enoch tells us at the end of this book that another Rick and Sam story is on the way . Ca n't wait ! For a GREAT cat burglar/historical romance , read Connie Brockway 's ALL THROUGH THE NIGHT .
 Having never read Susanne Enoch before , I do n't know how this compares to her other novels , but I do know how it compares to other contempary novels on the market -LRB- being an avid reader of this genre -RRB- and it ROCKS . This book is fast paced and clever and the characters are interesting and genuinely likable . That is a hard combination to find . I had no idea ` who done it ' and there were plenty of small twists in the plot to keep it going . I thought the chemistry betweent the main characters -LRB- Sam and Rick -RRB- was well evolved and in a word - hot . The sex scenes were sexy and hot without stealing the show . Definately pick this book up if you are interested in a fast , delightful read . I even plan to try one of Ms. Enoch 's historical books because I liked this one so well - I hope its as good , although its not my usual type of book .
 I have to admit , I was holding back reading this book . I have read all Suzanne 's historical romance novels , which I enjoyed tremendously , but I was afraid to read this one . I did not want to be disappointed by one of my favorite authors . And I never was!I really ca n't add much to the plot description , only that I found the last few lines on the novel being a very nice touch . The novel reads easily , the action , the events , the intrigue flows effortlessly . There is humor found almost everywhere . There are also `` Star Wars '' artifacts lurking on pages and knowing what a big fan Suzanne is , I thought that she might have written a contemporary title just for the fun of being able to mention `` Star Wars '' in there.The romantic scenes are also done with much more `` freedom '' than those in historical titles . And there is much more humor and fun in them too.After reading this book , I ca n't now decide which I like more
 Flirting With Danger is a fun , sexy , suspensful , modern-day romp which is both different and eerily the same -- fabulous characters and great storytelling -- to Suzanne Enoch 's earlier work . The ending caught me by surprise , but made sense once I realized there were more books featuring the same hero and heroine . My personal preference is for stand-alone novels , given my crazy busy life , but Flirting With Danger was a great book and I 'm hoping to eventually read the rest in the collection .
 I read a lot of romance and romantic suspense and quite frankly , I 'm getting a bit bored . So not long ago , I picked up my old copy of `` Flirting with Danger '' to re-read and I was n't disappointed . I love this book ! There 's a strong hero AND strong heroine , an old-movie type caper -LRB- `` To Catch a Thief '' -RRB- , suspense , romance , and best of all the beginnings of an interesting character journey for the two leads . I wish more authors wrote books like this one !
 I actually read Billionaire Prefer Blondes before I read this book so I was really excite see how Sam and Rick met.Samantha Jellicoe is cat burglar who was assigned to rob a table from Billionaire Richard Addison . Instead of stealing from Rick , Sam ends up saving his life . When the media starts blaming Sam for trying to kill Rick , Sam decides to get help from Rick . Once they decide help each other , the chemistry between is undeniable.I absolute LOVE this book . I ended buying all three of the books that has been out so far in this series . I ca n't wait to see what happens next !
 My first Suzanne Enoch read & I am looking forward to others . The story of Sam , a very smart & beautiful cat burglar . She was raised a thief but has the heart of an antique dealer . Her character is very modern and not the typical `` swoon-at-a-handsome-multimillionaire-feet '' type . The book keeps you curios and alert . The story moves from US to London effortlessly and makes me want to read the sequel . An excellent adventure-romance book .
 This book kept my interest the entire time and the characters were very likable . Highly recommend this book . The only reason I gave a 4 instead of 5 star rating was for the profanity used by the heroine ... it was very distracting for me . But since the author and I are both Star Wars nuts , I ca n't be too mad about that ! Great Book !
 This book captured me from the first page , probably because it was about `` Bit '' . I wondered about him from her previous books so I was hooked . If ever a man was mysterious , it 's this hero . What you learn about his experience will shock you.The book was romantic but also had a mystery element that kept me turning pages . The story beyond the romance was excellent . The mystery part of the story satisfied completely . There is no doubt that half way through the book we all knew who the culprit was , but then the excitement of how and when he would be found out was equally intriguing.I love the way Ms. Enoch develops her characters . I had no idea how Michael -LRB- Bit -RRB- could possible become the romantic hero in this tale , but she accomplished that and more , as well as an exciting plot twisting mystery.This book is also very different than your run-of-the-mill boy meets girl romance . While reading you will feel disgust , sadness , apathy , sympathy , anger and romance of course . This is a sweet , heart-throbbing romance . One that is so differently composed . Michael is not your average hero , and your heroine not a rich princess looking for a royal match . I 'm so sad now that I 've finished the book because I so looked forward to reading it each night . Now , I 'll have to look for another and I feel sympathy for the next author I read because she or he will never measure up to this reading experience . Thank you , Suzanne.I really enjoyed this trilogy .
 Enoch always delivers . The men are sexy , the women are smart & the story touches your heart while it sizzles .
 I have read this one twice as well . It is by far my favorite book in the Lessons in Love series.Bit is a great character with some issues to overcome from the war . Lucinda is pursuing someone else and Robert is just being a friend and trying to come out of his shell . The story is great . I do n't want to say too much more and give anything away , but it is definitely worth the time !
 This is my favorite book in this trilogy . I really loved seeing Robert slowly come out of his shell and start healing and living again . Lucinda was a perfect match for him -LRB- even though it took her a while to figure out what - or whom - she wanted -RRB- . The love scenes were good -LRB- well , I could do without the one by the stable -RRB- and full of feeling . Their every kiss was explosive . I really liked their chemistry . Well , in the end the story with the stolen papers got a bit wild , but all in all , this was a really satisfying read .
 This is one of Enoch 's finest . This book is my favorite in the Lessons in Love series . The premise of the series is three friends creating a list of lessons to teach men -LRB- rakes -RRB- on how to appropriately treat ladies . The first two books wereThe Rake -LRB- Lessons in Love , Book 1 -RRB- andLondon 's Perfect Scoundrel -LRB- Lessons in Love , Book 2 -RRB- . Each book has been better than it 's predecessor . Enoch has truly matured as a writer and with creativity with each novel . The steamiest book in the series was Book 2 . This one is more emotional , but does n't lack the romance or passion found in the other books in the series.So this is Lady Lucinda Barrett 's story . Her friends Georgiana and Evie have already taught their ` lessons ' to certain gentlemen and married them . Lucinda now needs to step it up and pick someone . Since her friends ended up falling in love with and marrying their initially unwilling and seriously rakish students , Lucinda feels she 'd better start out with marriage as a goal . She picks Geoffrey , a war hero and an arrogant Adonis . One of her criteria is also that her father , a General , approve of and get along with her eventual husband . Geoffrey fits this bill nicely - war hero and shared stories and all.Just as she starts engaging Geoffrey , Lucinda gets drawn into a friendship with Robert , also a war veteran and her best friend 's brother-in-law . Robert is a recluse to all but Lucinda , suffering from a trauma disorder and panic attacks due to torture he had to endure in the war . Because of his reclusive nature , he is also not considered an acceptable beau by her father . The story is about how Robert overcomes his disorders to gain her love and how Lucinda faces and handles a conflict on what her mind vs her heart is telling her . Their characters shine and I could easily figure out why both fell in love with each other -LRB- way better than the sort of love story where love is based on looks alone -RRB- . I also loved that the main characters and their husbands from the first two books in the series feature prominently in this book . It makes for a wonderful , warm story where everyone feels like family and so you are rooting for the unlikely romance from the beginning.There is humor , passion , wonderful dialogue and quite a bit of excitement with the climax . You want to step into the book to help Robert or talk to Lucinda - that 's how real the characters feel . Definitely read this one . : -RRB-
 What a wonderfully , delightful book ! I just love it when an author breaks away from the pack and actually creates an original twist and this one is absolutely perfect!Robert Carroway came back from the Napoleonic war damaged and unable to function in society . No one knows that the reason stems from 7 months of extreme torture in a French prison , unbeknownst to anyone . His loving family are supportive but at wits end as to how to help bring him back to life . Enter Lucinda Barrett , his sister-in-law 's best friend and the only person whose calm , peaceful personality draws him in.Oh , it is just sigh worthy ! While Lucinda is looking to catch another man 's eye , she is surprised , yet flattered that the recluse Robert actually choses her to be the one person he talks to , however little that is . As events unfold , one ca n't help but fall in love with both these characters , crying and applauding right along with each as they struggle and grow until love finally overcomes . It drags just a little in places and the steam seems a little clumsy in others but for a sheer , unique , heart-warming read this one is just delicious !
 Suzanne Enoch 's England 's Perfect Hero is just the book to read on a rainy day , or in front of a toasty fire or really any where you can settle in for a prolonged period of time.There is something to Enoch 's quality of writing that simply draws you in to her world and makes you sympathize and love the characters you are reading about.This is a really well-paced romance book with many moments that have you smiling or feeling a little teary eyed.It comes across as real , not always , but for the most part . I enjoyed the slow blooming romance between the two lovers.The only thing that would have been better would be if Enoch had pushed her characters a little bit more , pushed the plot a little be further and sharpened it 's edges.However it is good just as it is , though I would have given it 5/5 if it had been sharper.England 's Perfect Hero is definitely in the read list and under the the must read it again and again category.For more book recommendations and reviews you should check out -LSB- ... -RSB-
 England 's Perfect Hero by Suzanne Enoch was the third book of the series . This story had more mystery and danger than the others . Three women decide to make a list of lessons that all men should learn to be good husbands.Lucinda decides that all her friends married the men from the ` lessons ' so she picks a perfect man - but fate takes over . Robert Carroway is not her pick - he is a injured soldier who has lots of dark secrets . I loved this novel the characters are great . Check out all the series Lessons in Love
 Robert `` Bit '' Carroway is a wounded soldier still suffering from being tortured by the French three years earlier . He 's quiet and unsure of himself , often retreating to his room as soon as he feels panicked.He secretly watched Lucinda , the friend of his sister-in-law , for years . He slowly started to make himself known to her and a chance encounter caused him to strike a deal with her . If she helped him with his rose garden , something he suggested having to distract himself , then he would help her with in her lessons to ` train ' Lord Geoffrey Newcombe and eventually wed him . He only did it so he could spend more time with her , never expecting he would actually fall in love with her.I must say that I rather liked Robert . His character was very unique from the typical bad arrogant attitudes that get very old very fast . A man can be a man without being so demanding and cocky . I was rooting for Robert and he quickly became one of my favorite heroes . Another unique aspect of this book , to me , was that Robert not only had a nice family -LRB- an increasing rarity -RRB- but a caring family . His brothers ' concern for him touched me . I loved their relationship.I felt as if the twist towards the end of the book took away from the story between Robert and Luce . The reader already knew everything would work out and it just felt like wasted pages . It was mentioned many times that characters were worried that Robert would have to be locked up in prison that I started to expect that would happen . It may sound sadistic , but I was disappointed that it did n't happen . It would have been a touching moment . When everything eventually worked out and Robert is cleared there 's only a few pages left of the book and the reader already knew what was going to happen.I think the reader also deserved to have known what exactly had happened to Robert while he was held captive . It was hinted and lightly touched on , with a few experiences thrown here and there , but there were no flashbacks or discussions about what * really * happened . I think the typical `` let the reader decide '' ploy is just an excuse for lazy writing.His obvious insecurity with himself was what appealed to me the most , especially when Luce tried to remove his shirt and his discomfort with his limp.All in all , the first half of the book is really good . The reader was exposed to an interesting character and was able to go through his ups and downs with him . The rest of the book is okay and predictable . I 'm not really disappointed that I read it but I do n't really have that satisfaction of finishing a really good book .
 THIS WAS ONE OF THE BEST BOOKS I HAVE READ BY SUZANNE ENOCH . I LIKED HER CHARACTERS LUCILLE AND ROBERT . THEY WERE FUN AND ENTERTAINING . I THOUGHT THAT IT SHOULD HAVE BEEN A LITTLE LONGER . BUT OVERALL IT WAS A TERRIFIC BOOK AND VERY WELL READ .
 A little more than a year ago , Lucinda Barrett and her two best friends , Georgianna Halley and Evie Ruddick , drew up lists on how they thought a true gentleman should behave . Georgiana and Evie then proceeded to select two offenders in order to instruct them on good behaviour . But both Georgiana and Evie ended up marrying their `` pupils '' -LRB- `` The Rake '' & `` London 's Perfect Scoundrel '' -RRB- . Now it 's Lucinda 's turn . Knowing full well that these `` lessons '' in good behaviour may well result in her marrying her `` pupil , '' Lucinda has settled on Lord Geoffrey Newcombe . Like her friends ' husbands , Geoffrey is a handsome and incredibly arrogant , and much in need of instruction ; but more importantly , Geoffrey is a war hero , and exactly the sort of gentleman that her father , General Augustus Barrett , could countenance as a son-in-law . But just as Lucinda is about to start her campaign , Lucinda begins an unlikely friendship with Georgiana 's brother-in-law , Robert . Like Geoffrey , Robert also served in the Peninsula Wars ; but he 's returned a wreck of a man , prone to panic attacks , and has become quite the recluse , shunning both Society and even his family . As Robert and Lucinda begin to spend more time together , Lucinda comes to the realisation that it is Robert and not Geoffrey that occupies her thoughts and heart . But what can she do ? Settle on an uncomplicated and comfortable life with Geoffrey with her father 's complete blessings , or risk everything for a complicated and brooding wreck like Robert?Slightly more complex and less humerous than the other two installments in the Lessons in Love trilogy , I liked `` England 's Perfect Hero '' best . And that 's because both the hero and heroine were likable and engaging , and because Suzanne Enoch did n't follow the pattern of the first two books and went in a completely different direction . Usually , with a series , books begin to sound like a formula after a while . But you could n't say that about `` England 's Perfect Hero . '' The `` Hero '' in the title does n't even refer to the real hero of the novel ! I also liked the fact that one of the obstacles to Lucinda 's and Robert 's happiness was Lucinda 's concern that her future spouse and her father like each other and get along . Not very many romance novels ever address this issue realistically , and I thought that the authour hit just the right note here . The other thing I liked about this novel was that characters from the first two -LRB- Georgianna , Evie and their respective husbands -RRB- play an integral part in helping Lucinda and Robert achieve their happily ever-after ending . That also was a nice touch . So that even though there were a few howlingly funny editorial mistakes , and the whole theft subplot was incredibly weak , I still enjoyed this novel enough to award 4 stars .
 I have eagerly awaited this last installment in the `` Lessons in Love '' series and was not disappointed in the least . Suzanne Enoch has given us a tale both endearing and sentimental . I found myself immersed in the character 's lives and their emotions . I would highly recommend this book -LRB- the entire series , in fact -RRB- and this author to anyone who wishes to start reading this genre.Lucinda Barrett finds herself the only one of the three friends who has not taught her `` lesson '' and therefore , feels a bit the odd man out . She has chosen her pupil , a man she feels needs a lesson in being a gentleman , but is also aware that her friends have found themselves married to the object of their lessons . Lucinda is not averse to this arrangement and continues on with her plan . But , along comes Robert Carroway and he completely keeps Lucinda on her toes , causing her to reevaluate her true motives for teaching her lesson . You will not be disappointed .
 One reviewer called Robert a `` wimp . '' I could n't disagree more with this statement . Anyone who 's gone through torture and almost died well , I think if they started to have nightmares that 's normal and as someone else says makes you human . Well I guess some women could see him as damaged or a wimp , and that 's fine It 's why he needed a special woman to pull him out of it . I did n't like Suzanne Enoch 's novella in Lady Whistledown , but this book was very very good , and she has gone up in my estimation .
 I loved this book ! I have been eagerly awaiting Lucinda and Robert 's story ! I wish Suzanne would come out with a book every 6 months instead of once a year - it is hard waiting for them.If you are a fan of the Lesson 's in Love series - you will be satisfied thoroughly with this book - since you get to revisit all the characters from the other books.I can only hope that her next book is about Bradshaw !
 Romances where the heroine cares for the hero when he falls ill simply can not hold a candle to this . I started with this third book and was immediately captivated by all members of the Carroway family , as well as the way Lucinda 's friends all come to their rescue.This is Robert 's story , more so than Lucinda 's , and the way he decides to get back to normal life deserves respect . Unlike some of the other reviewers I found Robert 's recovery quite credible , as I choose to believe that he 'd been working toward it over the years.This book did n't have as much of the charming dialog that you tend to get in Enoch 's work , but Robert is quite reserved to begin with . Lucinda did pretty well on her own though.Some reviewers have complained that the trilogy is formulaic but I disagree . I 've read 2 out of the 3 books now and while there 's a hero and a heroine and they 're in love at the end of it , that 's the basic framework for any romance story .
 This was the perfect hero and the perfect ending for Ms. Enoch 's `` Lesson 's In Love '' series . In this the last novel in the series we see Lucinda finally getting her chance to fall in love with a totally wonderful hero named Robert Carroway . Without going into a long synopsis suffice it to say this is a very moving story of a worn torn hero who finally gets a chance to heal in more ways then one with the woman that helps him live again.Ms . Enoch brings back all of her past hero 's and heroine 's as well as introducing us to a few new characters . This was such a fun series I 'm sorry to see it end . Unlike many series that taper off as the stories are added , Ms. Enoch manages to keep the momentum going by giving us such wonderful and diverse characters as well as touching storylines that you ca n't help but be drawn to the book .
 I adore Suzanne Enoch 's work . Since reading my first Enoch book , BY LOVE UNDONE , several years ago I 've been pretty much enchanted by Ms. Enoch 's Regency romps . For me , even her less-than-best effort is still good.And ENGLAND 'S PERFECT HERO , the last in Ms. Enoch 's Lessons In Love trilogy , is definitely beyond good.Honestly , I did n't think I was going to like ENGLAND 'S PERFECT HERO at first because it lacked Enoch 's signature rakish hero . But , oh boy , was I ever wrong . This fast-paced story kept me enthralled from beginning to end . And I just adored this different hero.Ms . Enoch 's hero for this piece is the emotionally wounded Robert , who has retreated into a dark world , harboring a secret that leaves him prone to anxiety attacks and more . The one bright light in Robert 's dark existence is his sister-in-law 's friend , Lucinda . And he admires her from afar until circumstances bring this pair together.Robert is the glue that holds this story together , but it is Lucinda , the heroine , who draws this hero from his dark and lonely shell . Lucinda has chosen a ` student ' for her own lessons in love - just as her two best friends had done before her - and it is n't Robert . Oh , she is intrigued by Robert , dubbed the `` Mute '' by a callous society , but she also has matrimony on her mind - and the Mute is n't good husband material . But she does accept help from Robert for her lessons in love . And when important papers are stolen from the Horse Guard - and suspicion falls on Robert as a traitor - it is Lucinda who comes to his aid.Ms . Enoch 's portrayal of Robert is well done ... and touching . This hero 's emergence from his dark existence is thoughtful and insightful . ENGLAND 'S PERFECT HERO is n't as lighthearted as most of Ms. Enoch 's work , but it does have humorous moments ... and some humorous characters.I highly recommend ENGLAND 'S PERFECT HERO . Ms. Enoch is quite a story teller and I just love her writing style.Debbie Jett , reviewerromancereaderatheart.com
 Of the `` Lessons in Love '' series , this was , by far , my favorite . Lucinda is a lovely heroine , intelligent , kind , witty and endearingly determined to have an uncomplicated , polite marriage.However , it was our hero that really made the book for me . Robert Carroway , the tormented ex-soldier , was incredibly sexy . His struggle to overcome his terrible past was believable and sympathetic , to say the least . I adored this character.I would highly recommend reading the `` Lessons in Love '' series . The first two installments were enjoyable , yes , but I felt they were just a necessary means to an end.Robert Carroway is probably Suzanne Enoch 's best hero , making `` England 's Perfect Hero '' well worth the read .
 I only rate the first 2 books of this set 3 's as they were standard regency fare ... Teach the rogues good manners and fallin love with them . But in the second book I fell in love with `` Bit '' , Roert Carroway , the tormented war wounded brother . He was so withdrawn and so pathetic and so tortured that I wanted desparately to look into his future . And then came `` England 's Perfect Hero '' . It is wonderful . Bit is a man driven beyond despair by the horrors of war and he finds the strength slowly to pull himself out of the depths of his nightmares . It reflects one man 's strengths and it reflects the support system of family , the beauty of friendship and the miracle of being loved . It was much more than a `` regency '' . I loved it . ONce I started it , I could n't put it down until I finished it . Great characters , witty dialogue and good story .
 Funny , i 've read this book tons of times , but have never written a review on it . First thing first i fell in love with Bit Carroway in `` The Rake '' . I remember being ecstatic on finding out that he had his own book . I can safely say by the fact that i keep coming back and re-reading it that its one of my absolute favorite books of all time . Being that fact it is a bit hard for me to write a review on it.The book reads the best when you read the whole `` Lessons in Love '' series in order . In a way the whole series has been a character development for Bit and Lucinda . You can see each of them growing in each book . This can be said of all the characters in trilogy , but especially true of these two.Lucinda is the last of the trio to enact her lessons . She has no particular scoundrel in mind so she decides to find a man that she 'll like to marry . After all , Evie and Georgie ended up marring their students . She chooses Mr. Geoffrey Newcombe . Handsome , the 4th son of a duke , and a war hero to boot . Simply perfect and safe . If not cheating a bit in terms of her lessons . Things would have gone smoothly if she had n't stumbled upon Georgie 's brother in law who had to ask about the lessons . Who `` also '' had to have those haunting blue eyes.Bit has been quite the recluse the last three years . Think tortured and hurt hero and here 's you man . -LRB- He 's also mine if he ever decides to make himself solid and comes out of the book -RRB- . He suffers from what is now known as Post dramatic stress syndrome and finds himself in a black panic whenever he gets out of his comfort zone . Yet he finds himself drawn to Lucinda . She 's his ray of sunshine in his black world . Something that he can even admit to himself sounds stupid , but is true . Overhearing Lucinda talking with Evie and Georgie he ca n't help but be intrigued . When Lucinda brings him some roses to start a garden he offers to help Lucinda catch her suitor as a trade off . Anything to spend time with her.The relationship between Bit and Lucinda is very heart warming . You can just tell from almost the get go that they 're perfect for each other . They start off as amiable friends and work their way into love before either of them realize it . A perfect example of how love and bloom from friendship and not love/lust at first sight.This is a brilliant book and one I HIGHLY recommend.Final rating
 What made the book memorable for me was the character of its absolutely endearing hero , Robert , and how the author portrayed his total fascination with the heroine . It 's the kind of book that will make one sigh with satisfaction and make for enjoyable re-reading over the years . All in all , `` England 's Perfect Hero '' is a superb romance book that should n't be missed . One of my favorite books .
 Give me a brooding hero ! I enjoyed the characters in this book ! Poor Robert had been through a lot and I was glad he turned around and found some happiness .
 i never really am one to write reviews , but after i read this one i was blown away . if you want to read a story that is not all balls and gowns , silly obstacles , and some real life problems this is the one . go read it today : -RRB-
 Excellent , and definitely worth reading ... A great book and a well paced tale of Lucinda & Robert and her Lessons in Love ... As usual Suzanne Enoch writes a delightfully scandalous and thoroughly entertaining story . .
 This story is a perfect romance novel . Robert is a quiet , tortured hero , and Lucinda is a determined , modern woman who brings light back into his life . This novel was very serious , but there were several moments of lightheartedness . I thorougly enjoyed this book .
